 Jack Wagner is excellent as he plays against type as the evil hitman in this NBC telefilm from 1988 . Worth seeking out for Wagner 's performance alone .
 I found this to be an intrieging suspense thriller with a minimum of violence and a happy ending . This is a rare combination in recent releases . I found it well excepted and enjoyed by teen age audiences .
 I do n't know exactly when Jason Bateman started his career , but after watching Arrested Development the last several years -LRB- reruns of course -RRB- I wanted to tune into Moving Target to find out what he looked like as a teenager . WOW , haha . He looks pretty much the same as he does now , except he 's much smaller , and I THINK I remember Jason Bateman being somewhat of a chick magnet for all the teenage girls out there back in the late 80 's . Anyway , while I did n't expect Arrested Development-type quality while watching Moving Target -LRB- or a comedy for that matter -RRB- I ca n't say this movie does a whole lot of things differently from all the other similar `` run from bad guys - shoot bad guys '' movies that are out there.The only difference in this film compared to the many similar ones from the same time period is that Bateman plays a teenage boy in this movie as the main character , and he has to run from the bad guy that supposedly has connections to the mob and forces Bateman 's parents to change their names and where they live . Why did n't the parents tell Bateman about any of this and instead waited for him to return home from summer camp to find out his parents no longer lived there , so Bateman 's character has to be worried sick and constantly confused ? I have no idea . Maybe a case of bad parenting . Actually I think it 's because Bateman chose to skip summer camp and he ran away early to return home . Maybe the parents WERE planning to tell him when he arrived home.Anyway , it 's somewhat cheesy as far as the acting is concerned , but because it 's an older film there 's something somewhat appealing about the occasional sloppy writing and acting skills . I liked it . Bateman went on to much much MUCH better things -LRB- such as Arrested Development -RRB- but this movie ai n't bad for what it is .
 I loved this movie as a kid and I am so happy the powers that be have decided to release it finally ! If you want to see a great 80 's movie , this is it !
 I saw this at a store and the cover is probably the best i 've seen in a long time . However , you can not judge a horror movie but it 's cover . 9 out of 10 times the movie will suck . Mask Maker is about a couple who buy a home in the middle of nowhere . A long time ago the woman who lived there was accused of being a witch and was killed by the towns people and so was her baby . Her husband whoses face was horribly burned saw the entire event , I might have missed something . Anyways , the man unearths a stick in the graveyard behind there house and the man is resurrected . If you 're a person who needs to see someone killed every ten minutes , then this movie is not for you . It 's slow placed but the kills are well done . The killer looks like the new Leatherface without muscles . The ending was a typical slasher ending and I guess there will be another part made . I 'd welcome a sequel since this did have potential.Overall , a good horror movie that was a little slow paced .
 I initially bought the movie just because Stephen Colletti -LRB- who I 'm in love with -RRB- was one of the leads ... and I really did n't expect much from what looks to be a low-budget indie horror flick . But , I really did like it ! The lead girl who plays Jennifer -LRB- Nikki DeLoach -RRB- is really good . I ca n't believe I 've never seen her in anything before ? Maybe I have , but I did n't know !?! It was cool to see the guy from Weekend at Bernie 's -LRB- Terry Kiser -RRB- ... he is a really good actor . Too bad he was dead the whole time in both movies I saw him in , lol . Anyways , this was a cool movie and I 'm glad I got it !
 This movie was fun to watch although it drags on a bit at times . I have to say that I was more impressed with the acting in this low budget horror flick than the majority of the cookie-cutter characters I 'm used to seeing in horror movies . If you are looking for a movie full of blood and guts , this may not be your cup of tea . But , if you want to watch a fun movie with good acting and some decent scares , this is your kind of movie . Definitely worth the watch .
 It was good horrifying never a dull moment u can watch and not be bored ir wondering when is a good part coming
 I liked the film it has what every horror likes in this type of movie the suspense , mystery , good and bad times , plus a shocking ending that makes you think that there is more to story , and plot was very good Robert .
 This movie was a horror film thhat displayed an effort to steer clear of typical horror movie dialogue and pacing . There are no blonde girls and the girls that are here do n`t trip over the tree roots in the yard . Now a white girl did fall and twist her knee in the movie but guess what ? It was not on a tree root !!!
 Mask Maker is Part-Chainsaw Massacare -LRB- Minus The Chainsaw and Better in My Opinion -RRB- , Part Zombie -LRB- sorta -RRB- , Part Jeepers Creepers but with a Slasher , Part SuperNatural , and a Little Voodoo/Black Magic -LRB- ugh -RRB- thrown in , But What I like is the story , it is not extremely gory , but it does have some gore which I 'd prefer not but then it would n't be a great horror movie.I like that it is a House -LRB- 40 acres and no Mule , Take That Jesse and Sharpton ! -RRB- albeit a haunted one and the story is unique so that it does not ripoff any particular movie.I do n't care for the hickexplotation making fun of country folk and such , It could have made fun of snotty Easterners or Leftcoasters just as well as they always seem more deranged than any backcountryhillbilly ever could .
 A sort of mix of Percy Adlon 's earlier ` Bagdad Caf&eacute; ' andRoberty Altman 's ` Three Women ' set in Alaska.k.d . lang plays an androgynous miner who falls in love with a straight , private , local German librarian.They both have muddy , tragic pasts that slowly emerge . There are some deeply moving moments , and some wonderful slightly magical realist touches . The cinematography is very good . But while langdoes a surprisingly decent job , I ca n't help thinking a stronger , more experienced actress could havebrought out even more in this amazing role.That said , I did enjoy this much more on a second viewing . While it bothered me that it felt at times likeAdlon was simply trying to re-create the magic of ` Bagdad Caf&eacute; ' -LRB- odd , surreal setting , quirky out of placecharacters , cinematography that uses color in exaggerated ways for effect , etc. -RRB- overall I foundmyself more able to just let go and accept this tale on its own merits . And doing that , it made me smile .
 Just watched this with my girlfriend out of curiosity because of the name . Expected a raunchy flick and instead it was really good and funny film with a real happy ending . Definitely a date film or one to just want when you want a laugh .
 Just watched this with my girlfriend out of curiosity because of the name . Expected a raunchy flick and instead it was really good and funny film with a real happy ending . Definitely a date film or one to just want when you want a laugh .
 VAMPIRELAND is a fun indie horror about vampires taking over the earth in a single night . The most striking aspect of the flick is how old school tough the vampires are - not a hint of romance or feelings whatsoever . They 're just mean and tough monsters ; not sexy in the slightest . The vampires are basically terminators!As tough as they are , they still seem governed by the legendary rules - they ca n't cross running water , are afraid of crosses , and must be invited in , etc. . All in all , a nice change of pace from TWILIGHT , which I am sick of at this point.VAMPIRELAND moves from scene to scene quickly and does n't bog down too much . The acting in general is OK , with Michael Bugard standing out as the lead vampire - boy does he have a potty mouth ! Very funny at times , while still being scary.The special effects and make up are much better then you 'd think they 'd be for an indie film - there 's a sequence where the lead vampire battles a tank that 's awesome . Good gore . Good music too.Is it the best movie ever ? Nope - but it 's certainly not the worst either . It 's lots of fun and as long as you are n't expecting CITIZEN KANE , you 'll enjoy it . This is the kind of vampire film they do n't make anymore , which might be this film 's greatest strength.Well worth $ 1.99 rental -LRB- especially if it 's a stormy night -RRB- . BTW , the stream looked great , even at one bar signal .
 Evil Genius Productions have been in business for a long time . I should know , I 've been friends with them from the start . You may think that this would bias my review in their favor , but as a true friend I can be honest to a fault . Brutally honest in some cases.Vampireland is EGE 's third film . This fact alone is impressive in a field where most companies fold after the first or second try . One thing I like about their movies , is the fact that each film is better than the last . It 's rare to see people improve in this field . So many go through their careers with blinders on , believing that they know everything . These guys are always learning and improving.Vampireland is the story of the last day of humanity . An apocalyptic beginning of the end . We are introduced to everyday people , just like you and I . We get a brief glimpse into their lives , then all hell breaks loose . A comet on a collision course with the moon rains destruction down upon the earth while vampires , their ` Renfields ' and worse , wage death and destruction upon humanity . These people try to survive against all odds as the world crumbles around them.Will they survive ? You 'll have to watch to find out!One of the most impressive things about this film are the visual effects . The quality are far and beyond anything I would have expected from a low budget horror film . There are a few faults with the film , but given the extreme circumstances that someone making an independent film has to deal with , Vampireland definitely comes out ahead.If you like vampires , post-apocalyptic survival tales and low budget horror , this is for you !
 Hooray , SPINOUT on DVD at last ! One of Elvis ' 60s movies , about which all you can say is , if you like them , you love them . Somewhere along the way , Elvis stopped really caring about everything except Gladys , and the scripts suffered . They were all the same with plenty of innuendo , but not much real sex . Except of course that sex is omnipresent in the air , it 's built into each frame of film like a poltergeist nimbus in a haunted house . SPINOUT features Elvis opposite the perplexing pixie Deborah Walley , who often played a kind of tomboyish girl yearning to be a woman , the parts Debbie Reynolds owned a decade earlier . And yet Walley is extremely sexy , just not in this film . The other guys Elvis has to compete with are n't in his league , but they 're not bad looking , at least Will Sugarfoot Hutchins and Carl Betz from the Donna Reed Show are passable and here even Warren Berlinger from BILLIE looks pretty sharp.However in every department the women outclass them , from Deborah Walley in torn sweatshirts and pink Capris , to ultra-chic Diane McBain an `` author '' like Helen Gurley Brown of sex manuals for bachelorettes , to Shelley Fabares , the millionaire daughter of Carl Betz -- a casting move that will leave you scratching your head if you remember her playing the same part in The Donna Reed Show . As many have noted , the final number is the best -- I 'LL BE BACK , sung by Elvis and band in a bohemian basement nightclub with weird proto-Dufy paintings on the walls and candles stuck in Chianti bottles , and the band drives the crowd to their feet eventually , everyone doing the Frug and the Monkey in wild 60s abandon .
 This movie was not and will not be remembered as great cinema ... but one of the 50 worst films of all time ? Terrible ? You have got to be kidding.Simply put , if you do n't like Elvis , you wo n't like this movie . If you are a fan of modern movies containing gratuitous violence , nudity , foul language and etc , you should avoid this movie because I guarantee you will not like it . BUT , if you want a innocuous , family film with fun music and a star who could charm the birds right out of the trees , you will enjoy this movie.Was Elvis out of touch in the mid and late 60 's ? YES . And I for one am glad he was and appreciate the fact that he made music and movies that were entertaining , light-hearted and able to be played in the same room with children . In the 60 's , Elvis ' movies helped to create an escapism from a world that seemed to be falling apart and represented a gentler , more innocent time.CORNY ? ... YES ! , COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER ? ... DEFINITELY ! , but a bad movie ... NO ! Compared to other star vehicles of the day -LRB- Frankie and Annette , Jerry Lewis , Dean Martin 's Matt Helm films , Don Knotts , and etc -RRB- it is a very good movie .
 `` Spinout '' is neither the best nor the worst Elvis movie of the 60 's . But it is represenative of most of his films and thus a good movie for Elvis newbies to gauge whether they want to see any more from da ' King.The Plot ? Well , here goes ; Elvis and his bandmates -LRB- who are also his pit crew -RRB- run across a millionaire 's daughter & a attractive journalist who want Elvis as their trophy husband . The band 's drummer -LRB- whose also a gourmet cook -RRB- is also smitten with the King . The millionaire wants Elvis as well , but only to drive his new race car . In the end , everyone is racin ' , dancin ' , & finally gettin ' married . But which one -LRB- of any of them -RRB- does Elvis chose?The songs are above average for a typical Elvis flick , lead off by the snappy rock number `` Stop , Look , Listen '' . Other highlights include `` Adam & Evil '' , `` All That I Am '' , and the swaggering `` I 'll Be Back '' . `` Spinout '' is perfect drive-in fare where the details of the plot should really be ignored if you 're going to enjoy the film . Although I 'll admit that some of it is so bad it 's funny . Take for example the late night dinner scene that happens early in the film . Elvis manages to light a campfire simply by dropping a lit match on a small pile of dry wood -LRB- try that the next time your camping -RRB- . Or how Elvis 'n bandmates manage to organize a pool party overnight to wake the millionaire up at dawn . Not to mention the band itself seems only vaguely familiar with how their instraments work . The fetching Deborah Wally seems completely lost while trying to maintain a beat.The rest of the cast is fine , if not really outstanding . Shelly Fabares is appropriately spoiled , yet radient as the millionaire 's daughter . Diane McBain is the quinessential cool blond jounalist who pops out of nowhere from time to time . And Warren Berlinger is in perfect sit-com form as the hapless assitant to the millionaire whose desparately in love with Fabares.The film does have stretches where nothing really happens and the most groan inducing moment is when Elvis identifies a wondering mutt as a `` Hound Dog '' . Elvis himself seems rather bored all through the film and his eyes are noticably hazy , as if ... well , I 'll leave any explaination for why up to y' all.For those who love Elvis and enjoy his films , this one is for you . For those who are curious , `` Spinout '' is a good introduction and is just entertaining enough to pass a lazy afternoon.Some extra trivia : * - Cecil Kelloway & Una Merkel make their final movie appearence as the old couple that Elvis tricks into taking their second honeymoon . There characters are not the sharpest knives in the drawer considering that they leave their mansion in the hands of a total stranger whose a rock musician . * - Note the first wide shot of the club that Elvis performs `` Stop , Look , Listen '' . You 'll see everyone movin ' & dancin ' to the song , including the guy on the phone . * - One member of the band `` plays '' a double-necked guitar , which was just coming into prominence at the time . * - The ad line for `` Spinout '' was `` Elvis marries three women at once . '' It turns out to be literally true , but not in the way you might think .
 if you like Elvis movies -LRB- even the bad ones , like me -RRB- you will like this one - cheesy , artificially staged , race cars , Shelley Fabares - what 's not to like ?
 This is an excellent musical comedy from the swinging 60s . Elvis Presley is at his very musical best and the color is nice , the songs are excellent and the whole movie is just fun , fun and great fun . I love this DVD . Highly recomanded !
 `` Spinout '' has Elvis playing a singing race car driver with three beautiful women who want to race him down the aisle to marriage . They are Shelley Fabares , Diane McBain , and Deborah Walley . Looks like Elvis has a tough decision . I ca n't decide myself . In `` Spinout '' you 'll find two veteran stars in the height of their stardom
 Spinout -LRB- 1966 -RRB- is a light fun romp featuring Elvis Presley rocking as the member of a travelling band , pursued by a trio of beautiful girls . Director Norman Taurog finished his distinguished career , primarily working on films featuring Elvis Presley . This time , the story is slightly more grounded in reality than usual , as being in a band provides ample opportunities to feature musical numbers , and the action is spiced up with scenes featuring cars racing.Elvis is Mike McCoy , the leader of a rock band out on tour , who also races cars in his spare time . McCoy and the band travel between gigs in a Model J Duisenberg , with a trailer carrying his Cobra 427 racer and the band 's gear in tow . The band 's female drummer , and resident gourmet chef Les -LRB- Deborah Walley -RRB- , has a secretly crush on Mike , but she does n't have much of a chance , as everyone regards her as just one of the boys . Diana St. Clair -LRB- Diane McBain -RRB- an author who writes books about men , also has her sights on Mike as the subject of her next book , and perhaps even matrimony.Things get more complicated , when millionaire businessman Howard Foxhugh -LRB- Carl Betz -RRB- uses his influence to force Mike and the band to come to Santa Barbara to perform at his mansion for his daughter Cynthia 's birthday . Mike has already had a run in with Cynthia -LRB- Shelley Fabares -RRB- , an angel-faced but spoiled little daddy 's girl , who soon also falls for Mike , after he sings the touching `` Am I Ready '' for her . Foxhugh offers Mike a job driving his new race car the Fox Five , and then tries to force the band to leave town when he declines . But Mike manages to take up residence in Ranley Manor , the mansion adjoining the Foxhugh residence . For the upcoming Santa Fe road race Foxhugh has offered a $ 50,000 prize to the winner , setting up the movie 's exciting and fun finish . The racing angle takes a while to get going , but it adds some color and excitement at the finish , as Cynthia 's boyfriend Philip Short -LRB- Warren Berlinger -RRB- becomes an unauthorized participant in the race.The musical numbers are a highlight and they seem to fit smoothly into the flow of the action . `` Stop Look and Listen '' is an all out rocker that kickstarts the movie . `` Never Say Yes '' , and `` Adam And Evil '' are fun tunes performed live . `` Beach Shack '' is a fun poolside number , and the title song `` Spinout '' is performed at a rocking party among an ocean of girls.The film features very good performances from Carl Betz , Shelley Fabares , and Warren Berlinger . Fabares looks cool and dreamy in so many of her scenes . Deborah Walley 's looks are played down to look like a boy , but she rocks it very convincingly on the drums . The Diana St. Clair character seems a bit out of place , and forced into some of the situations , but she does fit nicely into a role at the end . Spinout is more of the light fluff that should please most Presley fans . Elvis is quite charming , the music is very good , and the musical performances are energetic and entertaining , helping to bolster what is mostly an average story . Spinout is also available in a double feature with Double Trouble -LRB- 1967 -RRB- on a flipper discSpinout/Double Trouble .
 `` I 'm not going to marry you , I 'm not going to marry her , I 'm staying single , single , single , single , single . '' That is what Mike McCoy -LRB- Elvis Presley -RRB- is tring to do . Mike has 3 girls wanting to marry him . -LRB- The 3rd person will start later on in the film -RRB- . An author named Diana St. Clair -LRB- Diane McBain -RRB- wants to marry Mike McCoy . She writes books , like Ten Ways to Trap a Bachler and the mating habits of the single male . While that a millionairess name Cynthia Foxhugh -LRB- Shelly Fabares -RRB- wants to marry him too.Her father -LRB- Carl Betz -RRB- wants her to marry his worker named Philip -LRB- Warren Berlinger -RRB- . Like Girl Happy , Elvis sings with a combo . This time the combo is made up of Les , Curly and Larry , -LRB- Deborah Walley , Jack Mullaney , Larry Hawkins , Girl Happy -RRB- . Cynthia claims she gets everything she wants . She even gets her old man to pretend to kick Mike and his combo out of town . A police officer -LRB- Will Hutchins -RRB- shows up.Mike asks if they can leave in the morning , and the police officer replies , `` Sure , who does he think he is kicking people out of town in the middle of the night . `` He is Cynthia 's old man.But soon thier is trouble when Les makes a move on Mike . But does he stay single or marry one of the 3 girls ? Watch to find out .
 This cover is EXCELLENT ! Glad someone smart at WARNER BROTHERS decided to use the original poster art ! ENTERTAINING film with a GREAT Soundtrack ! ELVIS looked GREAT and the supporting cast did too !
 How can you go wrong with a good Elvis classic ? Good movie , if you like Elvis . I bought for a friend and he really enjoyed it .
 Underrated good comedy from Elvis and good supporting cast . A lot of fans and critics say that with formal training and better scripts The King could have been a very good actor . I agree but I think his forte was comedy . I you watch these film like this and Viva Las Vegas , etc , you can see he had natural comic flair and timing . Enjoy !!!!
 eye catching , fast moving action , nice songs , good words , sound trac seems perfic , seens great . arived on time it was smokeing . like the old days
 My husband and I love auto racing of all kinds . My husband loved this movie . I 'm writing this review for him , as I 'm not much of an Elvis Presley fan .
 Back in '66 when I was 16 I saw this film numerous times . Loved it !! Still enjoy it today . Funny . Great supporting cast . Pretty girls . Enjoyable soundtrack . Hilarious racing finale . What 's not to like?To the reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- who consider this Elvis ' worst film , I ask
 I really enjoyed this movie ! Heartwarming , quirky , and fun . I knew it would end up happy , but could n't have guessed how it was going to happen . I 'm so tired of romantic comedies where the main characters immediately fall into bed with each other . This was a refreshing change ! The acting is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but was fine enough not to distract from the story line . For this type of movie , that 's all I need !
 I would have to say that I love this movie for several reasons . First , it is a very cute story with some adorable characters . Second , my niece starred in it and produced it , and last but not least , my son has two songs in it !!!
 Excellent movie for most all -LRB- 13 + yrs -RRB- . Funny and light-hearted . Leading actor -LRB- Bryan Price -RRB- is awesome . Looking for more of his movies .
 Received my order promptly , as promised . No defects to the dvd , other than the content is very old , from the 70 ` si will enjoy this for years and my grandchildren will see this and make.their own decisions ! I am glad to find a rare addition to my Bigfoot collection
 Ivan Marx does a decent job tracking the creature . The places that he goes and photography are most interesting . The footage of the creature is n't so hot though .
 If you 're a bigfoot fan , you 'll definitely love this movie . Although the majority of the movie is more or less , a ` nature show , ' it has some really interesting footage -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- of the Big Guys that will make you think . Parts of the film are very spooky , like showing the Foots creeping along in the dark forest , and mysterious lights above the Alaskan Tundra . Apparently , many scientists do n't take this movie seriously , but I believe it to be authentic .
 What a great story and inspiration to follow your dreams at any age . Would love to meet this lady in person .
 Ms. Matthys shows you a side of NYC that you 'd never understand , until you see this `` momentary '' . It 's heartwarming , heartbreaking and very educational without trying to be so . And the `` 3 C '' concept is a good one . I will watch this video many times . Kudos to Ms. Matthys !!!! Job VERY well done!Jan HannaNew York
 An amazing documentary that keeps you entertained and amazed . Any parent who never saw NYC or ever thought of life what life was like raising a child in the Big Apple , should see this!Sheryl Matthys nearly 9 months pregnant talks to other city mothers and negotiates the streets and subways of New York.The movie is funny , insightful and uplifting.A true eye opener to regular mom 's across this great land who have never had to consider putting up $ 25,000 for pre-K !!!! The documentary flows naturally and is reality at it 's best . No staged events.I thoroughly enjoyed viewing NYC and it 's challenges through the eyes of a midwestern farm girl - huh should I say farm Mom '' ? -LRB- Is that politically correct for NYC ? -RRB- `` Jacques DitteLong Island , NY
 What a great story ! This documentary has such a compelling message and is a fun watch ! Very entertaining and inspirational . I highly recommend you watch this video and share this page with your friends . The 3 C 's that are lessons within the documentary are lessons that are unfortunately lacking in this day and age ... the sorta of lessons that every child should learn . It 's too bad that most adults I meet do n't possess these 3 C 's : -RRB-
 What an adorable little boy and enchanting story . You really get a reality check about bringing up children in the city .
 If you have a preschooler or remember how stressful it was to get them into a nursery school - you 'll enjoy this documentary . Also , this movie tackles how helpful people are - would they help a pregnant mom with a stroller down some stairs or offer a seat ? Much of the movie is shot with an undercover camera to get a real glimpse at humanity.Midwest values go underground -LRB- literally -RRB- in NYC.The story behind the documentary . The idea for `` Subway Baby '' emerged as Sheryl and her husband were living in New York City with their 2 year old while she was 9 months pregnant with their 2nd child . Sheryl says , `` So many people would say , ` So when are you moving out of the city ? ' as they wondered how I 'd handle the tangled transportation , pushy crowds of millions all while braving the competition to get my son enrolled in preschool . `` One day after navigating the subway stairs with her baby in a stroller , Sheryl stood on the train vying for a seat . Then a disheveled man who was standing as well blurted out , `` Do n't any of you see this pregnant woman standing ? '' Sheryl says , `` I thanked him for his concern . '' But she adds , `` No one did get up . '' His reaction had such an impact on me - how he cared for someone he did n't even know - that I pondered what has happened to so many of the rest of us ? `` Sheryl says , `` I was immediately thrown back in time seated at my family 's dinner table hearing my Dad say as he did nearly every night , ` Have some common sense ' while being instilled with the 3Cs of Life
 I enjoy a good reading , of Wolverine comics . I also got kick out movie with Hulk and old boy ! Meaning , different people view wolverine in there own way and want to bring him out best that can in there own idea . This is one of them . Anime version of our old boy ! Pretty good story line , Wolverine girl taken , and old boy going through a lot of people trying to get her back . Where few new looks to our Hero , so have to keep in mind , that different artiest brings different things . If you follow DC movies of comics . Then you know what I mean . Still its nice to see old boy going about kicking butt ! And of course getting his butt back handed to him ! Feeling pretty good in giving this a rating of 4/5 stars.I not an easy person to please , nor am I a credit of point out the flaws
 Fans of American Wolverine must remember this is an anime not a Marvel Comics release . I will admit the voice of Wolverine is a little unexpected being not nearly as gruff and deep as what we have came to know . Also , yes He looks like a skinny little punk , but this is how most male anime characters look ! Besides these minor complaints I think this was a nice departure from the `` kiddie '' style American cartoons seem to hold on to . So give this a try and wait till 5 or so episodes in to form an opinion .
 `` Z '' is the follow-up feature to `` Nightfall '' by Tempest . It 's a jolly fun scare ride throughout , as you never know where the undead creatures -LRB- I hope that 's not a spoiler -RRB- may be lurking . It reminds me of a Saturday afternoon matinee horror flick - full of thrills and action , but also with dashes of humor . `` Z '' is a film just perfect for Halloween - a relentless chase and pursuit as the characters try to survive , not knowing which way to turn . Also , interestingly , the creatures are very old-school - you 'll hear and smell what I mean !!
 Tempest has managed to create a zombie movie with excitement , heart , and humor . This fast paced adventure has a good story , solid writing , and vibrant acting . I strongly recommend this film to my friends and suggest it will be extra wonderful for Halloween . I also want to see Tempest grow and succeed to keep more work like this coming .
 A true zombie classic filled w a range of emotion . Tempest and cast should be proud of their work . Looking forward to more !
 This was a cool fast paced indie zombie movie . Would defiantly recommend friends and family to see this film . Would like to see what this company could come up with if given the opportunity to do a second or third zombie film . Oh and the disclaimer at the end of the film about no zombies being hurt during the filming of the movie was pretty neat too .
 This movie is deep . Have Kleenex handy . Its touching and magical in its gentle journey through one man 's self-realization . Cleverly directed , charmingly performed , it is a work of art . Taos is refreshingly un-hollywood in its pacing and truly original in its execution , yet its a story that is deeply relevant to all of us .
 This film has beautiful photography and poignant meaning . The acting is b-level but the storyline and landscape make this an enjoyable view . I appreciate this film for its history of Taos and the juxtaposition created between city and simple life . I give this film a thumbs-up for anyone who has an interest in Taos or is looking to question there everyday working lives and the `` rat race '' that is so commonly found in larger cities .
 Not knowing what to expect , TAOS surprised me in many ways , most of all in its earnest storyline of a young man facing difficult questions of morality when presented with a golden opportunity . I was also surprised with the quality of the filmmaking from an apparently first-time director . If you 're looking for a great independent feature that deals with current issues and presents a clear dichotomy of our ` official ' capital Washington DC in transposition of Taos and the surrounding community , the film will be an enjoyable surprise .
 thats exactly what i would describe the real toxic avenger sequel as . troma junkies should already have seen/own this dvd . i think this is one of troma 's best of all time.yes , under the retard massacre , the rednecks ' recist act , and violence to the elderly lies a innocent heart in this movie . something that terror firmer lacked and something tromeo and juliet was abundant in . dont watch this or terror firmer if you are a troma virgin . start out with sgt kabukiman nypd , cannibal ! the musical , and toxic avenger 1 . after those move on to tromeo and juliet . you may be prepared for this after you see those ones first . good job troma !
 I thought troma was dead . i did ` nt really like tromeo and juilet and i never saw terror firmer . well , as soon as i thought troma was dead the toxic avenger 4 proved me wrong -LRB- and i am very happy about that ! -RRB- . Any way this movie is awsome it is sooooooo gory and has a lot of funny parts , like the retarted rebel , the `` duck '' scene , and the scene where the original melvin makes an appearence !!!!!! It is also very gory and has a head running over scene that gives the one from the first movie a run for it 's money . also the scene where toxie kills all of these nazi cops ... i also give loyd kaufman cridet for sticking his neck out and making fun of abortion , raceism and others.TROMA LIVES !!!!
 TROMA fans unite !! Toxie 4 has arrived.Just when you thought Kauffman and TROMA could n't possibly top themselves with offensive , yet hysterical , material ... they prove you wrong . This is probably the MOST offensive TROMA film yet ... but it 's also the most `` laugh-out-loud '' offering from this risk-taking independent studio . It 's all here ... killing `` special '' children , lynching black men , homosexual and lesbian sex , Nazis , extreme gore , and even God -LRB- played by Hank The Angry Dwarf from The Howard Stern Show -RRB- . But that 's only a minor sampling of the outrageous content Toxie gets himself involved with in this -LRB- mis -RRB- adventure . Throw in other great characters from previous TROMA hits -LRB- such as Sgt. Kabukiman NYPD -RRB- and you have a perfect indie studio signature piece.This 2-disc set is also LOADED with extras -LRB- out-takes , deleted scenes , interviews , auditions , and more -RRB- ! The `` making of '' documentary is worth the price of the disc , itself!If you love TROMA or if you 're not afraid to laugh at extremely politically incorrect humor , this is a `` must have '' for your collection !
 Okay when I saw the bootleg edition of Citizen Toxie the Toxic Avenger part 4 I was blown away , this movie was really hilarious , the actor who played the Toxic Avenger was well built for this movie , the perfect size and everything , he also knew how to handle a mop expertly . Hank the Angry Drunken Dwarf did a hell of a job in this film even though he was sober I would have loved to see him drunk in this movie . Heidi was a complete babe she did a great job playing not only Sarah the blind blonde bimbo also Toxie 's love of his life but she another role since this film was about Toxie going into a evil dimension and facing the evil version of himself . You have to see this movie it is hilarious you will enjoy it . Lloyd Kaufman did a real cool job directing this movie .
 I guess you probably have to be a fan of the original to aprreciate this movie , but also , as it may seem you need a lower IQ to enjoy it , you actualy need a high one to understand a lot of Troma films and this one certainly is sure to be a cult classic thats only put down by the ones who just do n't get it.Toxie is back once agian for the fourth installment of Toxic Avenger . It kicks off with a gang holding a bunch of `` special people '' hostage and demanding ransom or they die . Toxie and his new side-kick thats never been seen before this movie , Lard A ** played by familuer Troma actor Joe Fleishaker . Together they run in to the rescue , but Lard demiseses and an explosion sends Toxie into an alternate world , while sending the evil Toxie of that world , Noxie , into his world . With the evil Noxie in Tromaville killing everyone and helping with evil , and Toxie in Amortville mistaken as Noxie but doing good , they find there way through the place for ansers . Will Toxie get bak to Tromaville to face off against Noxie ? ... Duhhhh.Also through the movie is the Tard 's Sweetie Honey & Tito . Toxie 's wife is inpregnated , Ron Jeremy , Corey Feldman , Lemmy from Moterhead & old familuer faces of the Troma team make speicel appearences aswell as Mr Kabukiman , who has been added to the movie gracefully!The comedy is hilarious , the voilence will satasfy the blood and gore fans and this one actualy has a great plot!It 's hard to choose between part 1 and this one as to wich one is the best , but it 's sure to become a favouite of the non-critical mind who instead look for flaws and nitpicks instead of just shut up and enjoy the film.There is bonus features galore , deleted scenes , out-takes , interveiws , commanteries , over 2 hours of making the film , trailers of all 4 Toxie films , and heaps more including plenty of hidden Eggs .
 For those of you who liked TA 1 , you 've got to get this one . If you thought the first one was funny , then this one is gon na have you rolling on the floor . Imagine the King of Porn , Ron Jeremy , playing a priest -- well , he does in this one . That irony is funny enough , but there are are TONS of other funny sh*t in this flick . This movie is non-stop from the get-go . If you like all the Troma goodies -- gore , outrageousness , gratuitous nudity , a little bit of lesbo action , and over-the-top comedy -- then this movie is a MUST for your collection . You do n't just have to be a Troma fan to like this movie . Like I said , if you like all of the things listed above , then you should get this flick . Trust me , you wo n't be sorry . Just do n't watch it with your grandmother or little ones .
 This is the Best Movie of this type that I have ever seen ...
 The toxic avenger is back.This time the Toxic Avenger is sent to Amortville , while his evil double Noxie is in Tromaville.This time there is plenty of gore , I would say more than the previous three combined.There 's also gobs of topless women.Troma at it 's finest.If you liked the original Toxic Avenger check this out .
 I am the biggest Toxic Avenger fan . I ca n't get enough of Troma films . I have not yet seen the DVD edition of this movie . I have seen a promo copy on VHS that was sent to me by Troma last summer . I would have to say that Citizen Toxie is just as good as the first Toxic Avenger . I will admit that Toxic Avenger both 2 and 3 were somewhat disappointing , but Citizen Toxie is good all of the way through . Troma did not let me down with this one.If you like the Toxic Avenger and if you have an appreciation for Troma films - you will love this release .
 I have been a fan of the Toxic Avenger since its release in l985 . The two sequels were indeed lame , but part 4 really did it for me . I can honestly say I am no longer a Troma fan . Troma has sunken to a new low ; if you find long scenes of retarded teenagers being made fun of and sickening sex scenes involving cheese , feet , and men spitting out sperm from other men , then this film is for you . The Toxie mask even looks the worst it ever did . I ca n't believe how bad this flick is ... even the FX are horrible compared to the original . Troma needs to either hire a new director -LRB- Kaufman made his million , so I doubt he 's too concerned with what he puts out anymore after seeing this -RRB- , or get some new writers . I doubt even pre teens would enjoy this lame excuse for an exploitation film . At least the extras were interesting ... but wasted on such a piece of garbage . I never thought I 'd say this about my favorite hero from NJ .
 This movie is realy disturbing & funny with realy nasty scenes ... Not for people who cant watch gross things . Citizen toxie-the toxic avanger iv is a must 've if you love disturbing & disturging things .
 This is the greatest film ever , I enjoyed reading Robert Hedges review of it , how could watching a car run over a grannies head causing the granny to squirt diarrhea all over the road not make you laugh , yes it is mindless gore but thats the whole point , its not going to encourage any reall life violence because its so over the top , also the film has its heart in the right place , the toxic avenger only kills people in a manner of comical ways when someone does something wrong . Political correctness had started to suffocatte us before comedies such as the simpsons and south park started to target absolutely everybody without exeption , this film does the same .
 I 'm curious about some of the comments of one of the other eviewers , who professes to be a long-time Troma fan and also claims to be offended by this film . Hey , man , if you are even close to easily offended , you need to steer as clear of this film as as humanly possible . This is nothing new for Troma movies . My god , they distributed a movie called `` Buttcrack , '' which is about a killer buttcrack!To deal with the actual movie , though
 You 've got to love Troma . No other studio has so elevated trash to an art form -LRB- not intentionally , at least -RRB- . Taking cues from the likes of Roger Corman and John Waters , director Lloyd Kaufman truly knows how to make great bad movies . Making his films truly as exploitative , offensive and trashy as possible , Kaufman does a better job at making bad movies than most directors do at making good ones.With Citizen Toxie , Lloyd Kaufman has nearly topped what I previously thought to be the epitome of trashy B-movies , Terror Firmer . Terror Firmer probably still stands as the ultimate Troma movie , but Citizen Toxie is not far behind . Among of the objects of spoofery this time around is Orson Welles ' masterpiece Citizen Kane . Does that mean that Kaufman is trying to make the Citizen Kane of B-movies with Citizen Toxie ? Possibly , and he just may have done it . I 've seen a lot of cheesy , awful exploitation flicks , but few of them were as enjoyable or as hilarious as Citizen Toxie . There 's everything that makes B-movies great here
 I Do n't even know where to begin about Troma 's biggest , baddest , and most feature packed double disc of Citizen Toxie . When Tromaville 's School For the Very Special Is Terrorized By the Diaper Mafia Toxie Saves the day Resulting in an Inter-dimensional Switch of extreme proportions ! Good Toxie is sent To Amortvile the opposite of Tromaville and Noxie -LRB- Evil Toxie -RRB- is sent to wreak havok on Tromaville and chaos ensues ! What happens next ? You have to rush out and grab what could be the best toxie of all to find out . No lie , this 2-disc will keep you occupied for weeks figuring out and going through all the features and easter eggs plus the added documentary Apocalypse Soon is great too . This Is A Troma Fans Dream So wake up and go grab Lloys greatest now !
 Forget the original Toxie , Class of Nuke em High , Tromeo and Juliet , and even Terror Firmer
 The original Toxic Avenger is the most famous Troma movie ever made and finally there is a worthy sequel . When I first heard of Citizen Toxie and how great it was , I had high hopes as Tromeo & Juliet and Terror Firmer were so cool . I was n't disappointed , Citizen Toxie is hilarious from start to finish with everything that makes Troma great.There 's tonnes of nekkid girls -LRB- a few guys as well -RRB- , action , cheesy Troma gore and some of the most twisted humour ever ! I mean who else but Troma has the guts to make jokes about , hate crimes , penil implants , abortions and the metally challenged ? I think that plenty of people would feel it 's their duty to critisize such un PC humour , but really the true racism satired in this film are shown as events happening in the ` evil ' dimention thus rightfully protrayed as dispicable yet how many Hollywood film makers even acknowledge that these exact evils happen in the real world ? Most people would agree that making fun of the handicapped is not cool , but hey the mentally challenged characters Tito and Sweetie develop true personalities in Citizen Toxie and really are n't the tear jerking Hollywood flicks like ' I am Sam ' that use handicapped people to make their films sappy and sentimantal exploiting them just as much as films that laugh at them?Citizen Toxie has the kind of no holds barred creativity only a low budget independant film can capture . If you love Troma you will already have this 2 disc set , if you do n't like Troma steer clear of this film as it embodies everything Troma represents.As usual there are a tonne of extras on the disc . Troma certainly know how to make great DVD sets , how many big studio DVD 's do you get which think that ` interactive menus ' and ` chapter selection ' are special features ? Apocalypse Soon the making of documentry is awesome . Any big budget film ` making of ' consists of a glossy set of interviews in which one dimentional actors like Julia Roberts go into the dynamics of their character acting and feature a director explaining his artistic vision for the remake of a foriegn film , but Apocalypse Soon features totally raw on set footage of the film crew . All the problems like lacklusture stunts , late actors , script revisions ect are all shown in on the spot unedited footage . LLoyd is n't painted as a character who is beloved by all crew and actors but shown reacting honestly to the day to day struggles on set.This double DVD is amazing , very cool film , great extras , some interesting easter eggs and is worth every penny .
 Toxie at his best this is one of the greastest TROMA movies ever made I would gladly pay 30 dollars for a movie this good also get the Tox Box ***** and the Toxic Crusaders ***** It 's the cartoon show from when I was kid It 's FRESH as HELL . The extra features are great like always with TROMA , you also get a cool Citizen Toxie poster !
 TOXIC AVENGER 4 IS AN AMAZING MOVIE . hillarious and filled with violence the DVD is packed with extras including 3 commentaries deleted scenes and a full lengtht documentary on the making of toxie 4 . The best Toxic avenger movie gets one of the best dvd of the past year .
 this movie whas relly great.the movie is much action in it much fighting.and its hilarius very good movie.the director lloyd kaufman did it again a new toxic avenger movie that gets a 9/10this movie isnt just one dvd its 2 dvd with one special feature with an including 95 minute dokumentary `` apocalypse soon ! `` and much more special features.i got this movie as a present.you should go to the nearest store and buy this DVD.CITIZEN TOXIE : THE TOXIC AVENGER IV .
 This movie should have swept the oscars . Llyod Kaufman has done it once again . The greatest Toxic Avenger of them all !! Way better than anything from the mega-studios !!! And the extras and Easter Eggs make the DVD as much fun as seeing it in a theater!If you are not a Troma fan , check out this DVD and you soon will be !!!
 Just buy this . Right now . Words can not describe how awesome it is . This is the definate Troma film.I love it , and you will too . Why are you still reading this?Go get it !
 WOW ! This movie has it all ! And unlike my last review for the totally RETARDED movie Unspeakable , this is by far Troma 's best film and DVD release EVER !!!! There are also so many extra 's on this DVD I dare you to try and go through them all in one sitting . IMPOSSIBLE ! No matter what the price , buy this DVD ! The film is side-splittingly funny . The extras are so extensive it 'll make you vomit . So what are you waiting for ? BUY THE DAMN MOVIE !!! HA HA !!!
 This is the reason why I love the aroma of Troma . This movie never stops . It is pure nasty sillyness . I recommend this to anyone , not just people who can handle it . ANYONE !! This movie is a bizarre one . With appearances from Hank the Angry Drunken Dwarf , Ron Jeremy , Lemmy Kilmeister and the guy 's who play the original Toxic Avenger . I love this film , if anyone coms across it , I say watch it , just not with your parents .
 its entirely beyond me how with every film lloyd kaufmann directs , it outdoes the last . sheer genius.this is one of THE greatest flicks ive ever seen in my entire life . with hours upon hours of dvd extras , this two-disc set is the greatest dvd since terror firmer . i cant even begin to describe how amazing this movie is . indeed it is the true sequel -LRB- although toxic avenger II is a guilty pleasure of mine -RRB- . i think the most amazing thing about this movie is it was made with 1 half of 1 percent of the amount of money a common hollywood film costs . utter and sheer genius .
 So here it is ... the long-awaited Citizen Toxie.You know , I 'm getting tired of doing Troma all these favors . I buy all their movies , I watch them , I talk about them to my friends , I wear the T-shirts . But all I 'm really doing is kidding myself , and biding my time until the real Troma stands up again . Because as perversely entertaining as Citizen Toxie is , it 's not the real Troma . The Troma I know and love has heart , and I 'm sorry to say Lloyd seems to have reached into the bowels of Toxie himself and plucked his poor , black little heart out.Maybe Kaufman is afraid of being `` good . '' His defensive-bordering-on-paranoid rants against mainstream entertainment like Spielberg certainly suggest that he 's intentionally shunning competence . Look no further than his last two flicks - they 're both self-referential , self-conscious post-modern satires . Fine , but ANYONE can do that ! There 's no heart , and that 's a huge letdown , following the masterful `` Tromeo & Juliet , '' which was pure heart -LRB- and it was just as silly and campy as all the others , and it had a better lesbian scene too -RRB- . But maybe that movie was a fluke . Maybe all Troma wants to do is stink up the joint in a good way , like a big plate of onion rings on a caviar-and-lobster buffet table . In which case Citizen Toxie fits in nicely . It 's fun , funny , entertaining , a good time . So are the extras , even if the documentary is a little dull . But look at the actors in Citizen Toxie ! They 're GOOD ! They know what they 're doing ! Give them a chance , man . Mix up the letters of `` Troma '' and switch that T for an E and you get `` Amore '' ... let 's get the Amore back in Troma , shall we?So on the whole , Citizen Toxie has a good beat and you can dance to it . 4 stars . Peace out .
 I must make a confession . I have always been aware of Troma but never actually sat down in front of one till my friend put on this dvd ... and I was blown away !!! As a result I have revisited most of tromas back catalogue and become quite a fanatic of The Toxic Avenger -LRB- who is actually from my home town ! Who would have guessed ? -RRB- I urge anyone to give this movie a try if you 're looking for something a little different to your average mainstream fare . Also , the extras are just amazing and will take a good few days to trawl through them all . You will NOT regret buying this DVD ...
 I had waited a few years for this baby to come out I was going to buy the screener but i just could n't bring myself to paying too much for it since Troma 's films are cheap and a good imitaion of satire at it 's best . But as soon as I had a chance to get the DVD i grabbed it , and i must say it is the best out of all the toxies Lloyd Kaufman still knows what the underground wants in cinema and what the capitalist industries hate most and thats DIY thanks lloyd for another fan favorite -LRB- also get the Tox Box -RRB- its the only way to see Toxic Crusaders -LRB- digitalized -RRB- and The Toxic Avenger Part 2 director 's cut in it 's entirity.Toxie rulezzz !!!!!
 Greetings from tromaville !! this is lloyd kaufman wanting to tell you this is with out a doubt i have ever directed !!!!
 THIS MOVIE IS THE BEST MOVIE TROMA EVERMADE!Lloyd kaufman has made another asskicking movie.this DVD IS UNRATED DIRECTOR 'S CUT and it has 2 DISC its a collector 's edition.with including 95 minute dokumentary `` APOCALYPSE SOON ! '' its a great movie and i think that you should now buy it because i think its the best dvd troma ever made .
 The gags , effects , humor , and sleazy portrayal of characters makes this movie a must . TA4 is the best Troma film released , well -- since the first Toxic Avenger movie ! I loved every minute of it .
 Once again we are back for another Toxic Avenger review . After two rather lackluster sequels -LRB- which I , surprisingly , enjoyed -RRB- , Lloyd Kaufman and crew return with the hilarious , gory , and very violent Citizen Toxie
 Lloyd Kaufman is a genius making masterpieces on a budget that would barely be enough to pay for one day 's catering on an average Hollywood producton and he does it for thirty years now . In a world where low budget independent filmmaking means manymultimillion dollar productions by subdivisions of Warner and Disney , Lloyd Kaufman survived for three decades -LRB- and counting -RRB- with his truly independent filmcompany Troma and in doing so directed , produced and/or wrote dozens of brilliant films . -LRB- For which he received a lifetime achievement award at this year 's edition of the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival . -RRB- CITIZEN TOXIE
 A few years after the events of the original , a gang of criminals named the Diaper Mafia takes hostage of a school for the special in the town of Tromaville . New Jersey 's favorite hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength known as The Toxic Avenger and his sidekick named Lardass dukes it out with the gang but during an explosion something unexpected happened , it sends Toxie in another dimension at an alternate Tromaville called Amortville where everything is bad while an evil version of Toxie called The Noxic Offender is in Tromaville causing all sorts of trouble . But luckily Toxie 's best friend Sgt. Kabukiman NYPD with a group of unusual misft superheroes must try to stop Noxie , meanwhile in Amortville Toxie with a retarded girl and a retarded teen rebel must find some way to get back to Tromaville or else the town will be doomed and will Toxie 's wife Sarah give birth to either a good or bad child?Featuring special appearences by Ron Jeremy , Mark Togel -LRB- who played Melvin in the original movie -RRB- , Dan Snow -LRB- known as CigarFace from the original movie -RRB- , Corey Feldman and narration by Stan Lee , this is the best sequel of the Toxic Avenger franchise . It discards parts 2 and 3 as if they did n't happen and becomes the real sequel to the 1985 cult horror comedy classic much like `` Superman Returns '' did with the Superman franchise did with continuing off where parts 1 & 2 left off pretending that 3 and 4 never existed . This is a non-stop ultraviolent ride of dark humor , graphic gore , head crushing , sex , lesbianism , social satire on today 's issues especially a satire on the Columbine murders and extreme violence galore that has the charm of the original movie that made it a cult masterpiece . The film may offend some people but hey , it 's great gory-as-hell and tasteless but rib-tickling fun for fans of horror comedy , Troma , gore and cult movies.This 2-Disc DVD collector 's edition contains the full Unrated director 's cut loaded with awesome extras such as an introduction by Troma and Toxie co-creator Lloyd Kaufman , Three seperate audio commentaries , Trailers to this and a few other Troma movies , a behind the scenes look and interviews with the stars , some easter eggs , deleted scenes with optional commentary , Outtakes , Pre-production featurette , Toxie Mold make-up test , Script meeting , a 98 minute feature length documentary on this movie called `` Apocalypse Soon '' , Clyde Lewis Dubs Toxie featurette , New York & L.A. premieres , and premieres at the international film festivals .
 the first toxic avenger is one of my favorite films and on my list of favorite films . the 2nd and 3rd werent to great but after seeing the trailer for citizen toxie on my copy of the original i couldnt wait to see it . in this film toxie gets thrown into an alternate universe and an evil toxie named the noxious offender goes to toxies universe . toxie has to get back in his own universe and defeat noxie while battling other feinds along the way . this film is great . its full of over the top gore , gross out gags , politically incorect humor and gratuitous nudity everyone can enjoy . saying that , this film is not for everyone . people who are offended easilly or cant take a joke will not like this film because it makes fun of abortion , school shootings , the mentally handicap , racism and much more . the only thing that i didnt totally enjoy was that toxies make up wasnt that great . he looks cool , but his make up is kinda lame . toxie still looks cool and this movie is awesome . its nearly as good as the original and one of the few films i can watch over and over again . awesome !
 A long time fan of Troma , I was very excited about the next installment in the Toxic Avenger series . Let me just tell you that I have seen a lot of weird , messed up , and down right insane movies , but this one has got to take the cake . They spared absolutely no expense in trying to offend every person , political group , organization , and anything and everything basically under the sun . It made me proud . I was even shocked at the extent they went , and that is REALLY hard to do . Just when I thought they had covered all aspects of humanity they would add another tid-bit of juicy offensiveness . I was very impressed with the effort that they had obviously put into this film , in excluding nothing from it 's insulting and vulgar attacks . It 's hilarious , full of cheese , and has plenty of violence . The plot is simple
 After battling with a glutonous mayor of Tromaville , a towering Godzilla rip off and even the Devil himself , Toxie now faces his greatest adversary - himself . Citizen Toxie is by far the funniest , goriest and exploitive film Troma has put out since they originally put themselves on the map with their infamous head crushing scene from the original Toxic Avenger back in 1985 . The film 's opening and closing narrator is voiced by Stan Lee and he along with everyone else at Troma Entertainment apologize for their two previous ... sequels . They now have the chance with money , great special effects , lots of breasts , cheesy celebrity cameos and gore . This film will also answer all of those mindboggling questions within the Troma universe you 've been dying to know for all these years.Such as , `` If they made another Toxic Avenger film , what would it be like ? '' ; or `` If Toxie and Sgt. Kabukiman NYPD were to fight , who would win ? '' ; or finally `` How much blood , guts , gore , nudity , Ron Jeremy , Corey Feldman , breasts , the Sgt. Kabukiman car chase scene and Joe Fleishaker be crammed into a 2 hour feature film !? `` Well rest assured that these and many other wonderful moments in cinematic history explode onto your tv screen with this jam packed 2 Disc DVD set . Not to mention all the extras like a 90 minute documentary on the making of this film , cut scenes , 3 seperate audio commentaries , great slapstick and satirical looks at life . This movie is a definite collector 's item whether or not you are a Troma fan . And if you 're not , ... watch and see what I grew up on .
 This may be the crudest , rudest , grossest , offensively tasteless film Troma ever put out ... a perfect movie!Casting Ron Jeremy as the Mayor , and Hank the Angry Drunken Dwarf as a profane God was particularly brilliant.Don ' t bother with the long critiques , the jokes are more fun when you do n't expect them.Not recommended for prudes .
 this movie is amazing on HD the story is awesome the battles are intense and its just a nonstop thrill of a movie the only 2 minor thing thats bad is megan foxx wasent in this one what can i say im a fan and 2 they are 0 special features but to me that dosent matter as long as it was well made on bluray and it did i defently recommend this movie go out and buy it ASAP and enjoy
 Movie - 4.5 The first Transformers did a pretty good job . It has a great cast , great production value , a gripping score , and even a little humor . It 's innocent enough that you feel for the character of Sam Witwicky , realize the scope of the Autobot/Decepticon war coming to earth , then get to watch it all unfold as a grand and adventurous sci-fi actioner . Revenge of the Fallen . . not so much . It takes the nobility out of Optimus Prime 's character , overshadows the plot with a little too much juvenile humor , one-liners , and situational comedy for my tastes , then tries to go beyond the conventions of sci-fi by making a `` heaven for robots , '' while also making its female lead completely infallible to makeup discrepancies , then decides to ghetto-fies its robot cast by adding two inadvertently segregating `` black '' twin robots , and even flashes the movie-goers with John Toturo 's ass in a jock strap -LRB- not a pretty sight -RRB- . So yes ; a writer 's strike , no story or script , and only a year to shoot set the movie franchise back a bit -LRB- at least from a fanbase perspective -RRB- . Thankfully , though , Dark of the Moon makes up for it , even surpassing TF1 in terms of character development , overall scope , and of course , brevity of action . For the writing , I enjoyed three particular elements
 Continuous action and mayhem - it 's hard to beat the initial Transformer movie -LRB- first one -RRB- but `` They '' again did an excellent attept .
 I really enjoyed the continuing series . Shia LeBoef is very entertaining ! The Blu Ray graphics were fantastic on my 40 '' flat screen . I wonder if they will do another ? Can they top themselves -LRB- ? -RRB-
 This movie is great . Fun for the whole family . Is action packed and we do n't get bored with this one . Recommend to go ahead and buy this one .
 I LIKED THE MOVIE AT HOME AS WELL AS IN THE THEATER , ONLY ONE THING THAT WAS DIFFERENT , ABOUT THIS MOVIE WAS THE GIRL , I LIKED THE GIRL IN THE OTHER MOVIES BETTER , SHE WAS I THINK A BETTER ACTOR AND I THINK PRETTIER . I LOVE SCIFI .
 I did n't like some of the plot twist , of a former leader of the Autobots but other than that it was pretty good .
 it just gets better ever time do you know if there will be a 4th one , i loved the action but come on does it have to be a super model evertime that is the girl ?
 Nothing more to say but just superb pic and sound 5 out of 5 otherwise about movie it 's up to you guys like it or what ? but for me 4.5 out of 5 .
 It 's Transformers people ! Did you really expect `` Gone With The frikin Wind '' ? If you did what the frak is wrong with you?Anyway , I ca n't wait to get my hands on the 3D version . I know it 's comming and im not going to go repeat the mess `` Avatar '' put me through ! I have a 60in 3DTV and im close to getting a 3D projector so i 'll wait . NO double -LRB- or triple -RRB- dipping on me !
 I 'm not talking about the DVD . I 'm talking about the actual movie.I 'm one of the few who did n't mind ROTF , but I agree that it did have too many things going on.Now that Megan Fox is out of the picture , I could see Michael Bay and his creative team ask themselves , `` Who would be perfect to cast as Sam 's -LRB- Shia LeBeouf -RRB- girlfriend ? '' Michael then tells everyone he has the perfect woman in mind and she would fit the role perfectly . Or should I say , fit the tight outfights perfectly ? So , Michael goes for the one kind of woman that would be so far out of Sam 's league that OF COURSE she happens to be the kind of woman that goes for him . She 's smart , charming , understanding ... and a freaking SUPERMODEL . Naturally , I assume that Rosie was chosen simply for her looks . But what surprised me was n't the cliche ` hot blonde with a smoking hot body who falls for the nerdy guy ' routine . It was Rosie 's acting . She 's better than Megan Fox ! Granted , that 's not saying much , but still.Shia is in his best form and I think he 's probably the best natural actor of my generation . Josh Duhmel is perfect of course and so is everyone else . Granted , they have the most random greatest actors doing stupid stuff , but this is n't an oscar type movie . It 's entertaining . And that 's exactly what it delivers.Do I get tired of seeing women like Rosie cast in parts that should go to someone who 's actually known for something other their body ? Yes . Will it ever change ? That depends on if the production companies stop thinking with their `` little producers '' . So ... basically , that 's a no.Overall , I enjoyed it . I loved Bumblebee kickin butt and taking names , Sam squealing like a girl when he 's in danger , the music , the supporting roles , and even Rosie -LRB- mostly because to her credit , she can actually say a line and not make me cringe -RRB- . Next time though Bay , why do n't you try an actress who 's believable and has experience ? Just go out of your comfort zone for a change .
 Easily the best film in the series . Tranformers
 I do n't understand why people did n't like Revenge of the Fallen . I thought that was great . I thought that the first Transformers the best ... Until I saw Dark of the Moon . Dark of the Moon was just a perfect movie . It had comedy , suspense , and -LRB- Most importantly -RRB- action . Some of these action sequences were just great . And there were some white knuckling sequences that you HAVE to be prepared for . And Shia LaBoef was just great with the new actress . She was better than Megan Fox . In more than one way if you know what I mean =-RRB- But altogether , this was an A + in my book . So dissapointed that it 's the final one . Michael Bay , this was your MASTERPIECE !
 I was n't blown away by the first movie , it was good but not great . The second was n't as good as the first , but I have to say I loved everything about Dark of the Moon . The 3D was awesome ! The movie was great ! And I never was much of a Transformers fan . The movie had some minor flaws but the positives easily negated them for me . The battles were easier to distinguish between the robots , they where in much more detail than in the previous movies , the special effects were better and I loved that the human race had equal time in the fight and actually looked like they were able to fight back . And I thought Sam had a better presence in this one . He was a hero this time . I just loved this movie !
 This is by far the best of the current trilogy of the Transformers movies franchies . I can not wait till it is in IMAX in my area and comes to Blu-Ray . This is a must to see .
 Purchased this dvd as a gift . It arrived well within the alloted time and was well packaged . Another good buy through Amazon , my place to shop ! EP
 Amazon send the product in a fast time . And the movie is great.The sound and the image quality are fabulous .
 It 's very interesting reading the reviews of all these so called `` Critics '' . The movies are done for the viewers , not for critics . It is simple as that . This is an action movie which i enjoyed very , very much as well as the first two . Visual Effects and Transformers scenes are larger than any other and if the critics did n't like the movie , so be it with it . If it 's such a bad moview as they said , how is it possible that it made more than $ 1B in screenings ??
 title says it all . best action and story line ever ! have to see it for your self . you wont regret it !
 This movie is about to come on DVD till 11/15/11 , it depends if it will . In three combo when it comes . Hopefully .
 this was by far the best the movie i have ever seen . i was kinda disappointed with the 2nd one . this one was so much better than the 1st and 2nd movie there were so many twist and turns i didnt expected . best movie of the year . go see it NOW
 My blurb.I loved the entertainment this provided . Great CG effects . Great sound . Great 3D . I did n't really watch the movie for the whole storyline as much as I did for effects which is probably a good thing.Acting was okay and Megan Fox 's replacement did a fine job but was n't really something to gloat about.Again , as happened in a previous Transformers movie , and at the beginning of this movie , the director wants us to believe there are sky scrapers in DC . Thisis a glaring error that is hard to look over . Otherwise awesome entertainment !
 I have seen this movie 2 times in theaters . Optimus Prime turns bad ass in this one when he says `` We will kill them all '' . The wreckers are great as well as Sideswipe and Mirage . I strongly recommend .
 Our whole family loves the Transformer 's movies . Our favorite was # 1 but # 2 & # 3 are action packed enough to watch and enjoy . .
 My boys love the video ! It arrived quickly and was just as described . The video was a sequel of the first Transformers movie , so it was good to see at least several familiar characters .
 I just love the transformers movies . I just bought a 3-D TV and was anxious to see it work . I ordered this movie and it was fantastic . I just love the action . Good viewing for all family members .
 I LOVE this movie , it 's action packed and entertaining . My 3 year old son loves it too , now he always pretends to be bumblebee and insists that mom is Optimus Prime . Good fun .
 If you liked the first two Transformers , then you will want to see this one . Same great cast . Awesome cars . Great action .
 This was an okay movie . You must enjoy the Bay Transformers Universe in order to enjoy this film . Oh yeah , and big explosions .
 Items waas as described and shipped on time . Was a gift and just what was asked for . Item was in very good condition .
 This movie is a simply an action movie . It has the explosions , the cars , and the drama of an action movie and not much else . But then again , how much more do you need for a entertaining movie ? With the level of graphics , a blu-ray is especially nice .
 This is another hit ! The Transformers movies are all great movies , full of action and incredible CGI ! This movie is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- a must-see . You wo n't be disappointed . Love CGI !
 If you seen the first two you will definately find this one the best ! We first seen it in 3D at the movies and knew how good it was . By far go get this movie . My youngest son is a Transformers freak , and we 've seen this about 1,000 times since we bought it ! Awesome Film !
 I love the Transformers series . Part 2 was not a five star in my book , but part one and three definitely exceed my expectations . Perfect balance of childhood , women , cars , and badassery .
 This DVD is the 3rd in the Transformers movie series ... fans should get them all ... you will want to watch it over & over for the action scenes
 The 3D in this movie is mind blowing , i 'm not giving 5 stars because of Michael Bay choice of aspect ratio ... if it was 1:85 would be a lot better .
 Another Transformer movie that was fantastic . Full of action that never ended , full of fights and after all full of robotic cars ... a must see .
 Great movie ... especially in bluray . Would recommend this to any action movie junkie ! Most enjoyable on good 5.1 sound system.Thanks !
 Transformers movies are my best action movies I can watch them over and over again . Ca n't wait for a fourth movie
 Just when you think they could not top themselves , they bring in Leonard Nimoy to voice Sentinel Prime , Optimus ' predecessor . The CGI on this movie is so fantastic it feels real ! Michael Bay really has the feel for how they Transformers ' need to act , and their interactions with the Human Race . Hugo Weaving is perfect as Megatron in all 3 movies as well . And it was nice to hear Peter Cullen return from the G1 series as the voice of Optimus .
 If your a fan of the orginal you will do okay with this move . The Megan Fox replacement is more engaging
 I do n't know about you but killing a bunch of people makes this movie more realistic do n't know why people said it was bad I think it was one of the best Transformers movies yet ...
 the second one was the best , but I brought this a a gift for someone to add to their collection so ...
 We love the Transformers Movies . They were all great must haves.I recommend it to everyone . Go buy it . Makes a great Christmas stuffer .
 The best of the three movies , high quality of the 3d , the package is the worst thing.If you are a fan of transformer you should buy this movie
 This is a great third movie for the series . Not to happy with the dropping of Meagan Fox from the series , however this movie gave the general population more of what was wanted ... giant robots fighting . There was a perfect mix of disappointment , sadness , and then again joy in this movie . There were also a lot of parts that just left me stunned ... in a good way . Disappointed with the way they had to throw one f-bomb into the movie . Great movie , lots of fighting , and an acceptable conclusion to the series , for now .
 This is a very good company to purchase dvd 's from . I appreciated the quick service and accurate detail about the product .
 I did n't have a lot of high hopes for this movie , but still wanted to see it and surprisingly it was pretty good . Actually , it was better than pretty good . Of course it 's a Michael Bay which means the camera view changes every 3-5 seconds , but get passed that and the story actually made sense and the acting was decent . It 's a good movie to just sit back , watch , and enjoy .
 I ca n't speak for others because personal taste is -LRB- well -RRB- a personal thing . When I sit down to watch a Transformers movie , I want to see the animated series portrayed as live action . To be certain , this will never win an Academy Award but at the same time , it makes for some good , mindless entertainment . I watched the animated series with my kids as they were growing up and this film -LRB- even more than the two proceeding it -RRB- was a closer match . Violence , destruction , fights with real anger and venom ... those were the elements that marked the series and set it above other American made animation -LRB- still a ways to go to match some of the truly great Anime -RRB- . This film matched the series on every level.If you 're a fan of the series and do n't expect too much stimulating intellectual viewing , this film is for you . After all , Transformers is about the fighting ... everything else is just filler .
 Thought the 3d quality could of been better . Great movie on blu ray though ! Hopefully they come out with a fourth one .
 Great movie , especially for my grandson . The only problem was the casing was broken , however the disc were in great condition .
 The 3d was awesome in this movie makes the movie even more better . This movie was more darker then the other movies ther some comedy thrown in at the right moment .
 Given how bad the second Transformers movie was in this trilogy , I was expecting the worse . Luckily , this one has more than enough to hold your attention . The storyline offers a pretty cool twist on what `` really happened '' during the 1st Moon landing . Plus you get gratuitous Buzz Aldrin as he is today in a cameo.OK , so no Megan Fox but Rosie Huntington-Whiteley 's lips are able to at least act and look good at the same time so no great loss fox-wise . There 's certainly not enough of the Witwicky parents who are pretty funny with the limited screentime they get.Anyway , gratuitous Malkovich , gratuitous naked dude from the Hangover franchise , gratuitous McDreamy , gratuitous Lane from `` Gilmour Girls '' as well as Frances McDormand -LRB- say what ? -RRB- has upped the acting ante but , honestly , any Transformers movie comes down to stuff that gets destroyed real good.In this case Chicago is a great setting to wreck havoc to plus they apparently mechanized and weaponized a worm from Tremors -LRB- hey , everything is Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon -- even decepticons -RRB- to slice through buildings . All in all it 's a decent thrill ride.Note
 i could not wait till this one came out even though a lot of people said it was a waste of time i think it is the best of the three
 Just saw this for the first time tonight and I have to say the special effects and everything was perfect . I think I said that about them all , but this time was different for several reasons . Firstly , watching this on a 12 foot x 6 foot projector screen showing 720p via a Samsung Blu-Ray player on a Blu-Ray disc and a very nice 2.1 stereo speaker system is truely epic . It 's basically like watching it in the movie theatre at your home , but only much more comfortable . Anyways , the storyline and sequences were pretty much the same as the other movies , but I really enjoyed this one . It had awesome flashbacks of the moon landings , etc but I wo n't give any more spoiler alerts . A very good movie indeed .
 I really am enjoying the new transformers movie , in my opinion the new female made the movie a little more interesting even though the main actor still seemed a little slow , why is it that every one 's on board except the main actor . still i enjoyed the plot of the movie , not bad auto bots .
 This is what transformers is all about . They transform . They battle.It 's a bit long , and Megan fox was not in it , and if you combine all the films together , you have plenty of unanswered questions . Some of the main characters could have used some color , but the action and story was MUCH BETTER than the last two films .
 I like it , lots of action , cool special effects , better than the 2nd transformer movie . One of the best summers for blockbuster action movies
 I love all three of the Transformers movies , but this last one is not my favorite . Whatever the reason for Megan Fox not being in Dark of the Moon , there is a loss of continuity with a new female lead . There was chemistry between Megan and Shia LaBeouf that Rosie Huntington-Whiteley does n't bring to the screen , IMO.I do appreciate the irony in the government getting outwitted by the Transformers again ! What would happen , if there 's a Transformers IV , if they actually get cooperation at the outset instead of having some stumbling , bumbling upper echelon idiot get in their way ? I know it 's in the script , and it gives good drama ... but it 's the same story line over and over.In the end , however , it 's -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- the good guys ' triumph over evil , the requisite stunts , explosions and stomach churning , death defying drama that makes this movie * almost * as good as the first two . Definitely worth having , and thanks , as always , to Amazon for the availability of prepurchase !!
 It was cheaper than Walmart , and I didnt have to wait super long to get it . I am happy to be an Amazon.com shopper .
 This movie has alot of action and great storyline . there are some scenes where I got sea sick due to the camera moving around quickly to seize the moment of transforming from a truck or car into a rockem sockem warrior to save the planet . If you have the series -LRB- 3 movies -RRB- , on a rainy or snowy day , these are great to set up for the kids to watch .
 I 've been a big fan of the original Transformers cartoon for a long time . I think that all involved made some great movies and this one does n't disappoint . Great action and plenty of robot carnage .
 I received my dvd quicker then expected & just in time for my son 's birthday , he was very excited . No scratches , plays perfect . Id use this seller again .
 Upgraded to the 3d version from the regular blu-ray . It was n't bad but at the same time I ca n't say that I would make the jump to the 3d version again . If you do n't already own TF3 then definitely buy this version , but if you already own the blu not sure I would pull the trigger again .
 It just does n't get any better than Transformers . I love and own all of the movies and love watching them each and every time . It 's good to get away from the reality of things sometimes and this is my great escape !
 I bought this right away when i saw the price drop to 19.99 . This is one of my favorite movies and the fact that its in 3D makes this purchase even better !
 I have ordered from them a number of times and I have never had a problem . The item always comes in about five days and always in great shape . I suggest to anyone that if they have the item they are looking for order it . I have never had a problem .
 Excellent sequel and follow-up to the first movie . I think I still like the first one better but , either way I definitely enjoyed it . ; - -RRB-
 I love it . I saw this movie around 15 times and the DVD looks like new . I like to buy movies or series in amazon becaseu all of them -LRB- DVD 's -RRB- are working property
 First I want to say , do not buy the standard edition one if you want to get your moneys worth ! Unless of course you do n't care for bonus features . I waited for this edition to come out and this is the edition that provides the bonus features ! I love bonus features after watching a movie . Now , I love the transformers series and most of all I love michael bay -LRB- the director -RRB- . He just makes the best movies and brings them to life . I 'm more than glad that he brought the transformers to life on film . The dark moon movie was at least my favorite of them . It really brings more depth , emotion , and story to this film compared to the others . Like for example
 what else can I say ? its Transformers movie !!!! the DVD itself has no problem at all , received as brand new . the movie , all I can say is that it worth every penny you spent on anything about it .
 I 'm an Original Transformers fan from the original cartoon . There was action from start to finish and the Love Story did n't slow thing for me . I 've watched this movie numerous times and still see things I missed the first few times i watch it . Loved It !
 This was part of a Christmas gift for my 9 year old transformer junkie grandson - he loves it and is very happy with his grandparents for getting something he really wanted .
 Most definitely a wonderful buy and beats the big box store price . The movie was awesome and I ca n't say enough about the whole experiece .
 I loved the movie and the 3D blue ray is awesome . The only thing I did not like was that the digital copy requires an application from Paramount and you can not download it .
 consistent production quality like first two movies in the series . . and like the other series movies , plenty of humor from the additional characters -LRB- and first-rate actors -RRB- thruout the movie
 I like the new love interest in this movie a lot . Also this is a great extension of the last two movies . i ca n't wait for a 4th to come out .
 I had already seen this in blu ray and got it for my son for christmas . I am sure he will love it as transformer movies are his favorite .
 This movie ties the other two together like never before . A must have for you collection of all action movies . Great acting , lots of surprises , and the movie keeps you at the edge of your seat . Not for little ones , it 's too much fighting and action . I would say 10 and up .
 Great price for 3d move and got it the day its available on dvd what more can you ask for
 Great movie ! I love the humor , and Shia is such a great actor . Definitely entertaining ! It 's something that you can pop in for company and not be disappointed in .
 Seen it opening weekend and now in the dark of my living room with surround sound and 60 &#34; HDTV . I can watch over and over .
 Great action movie , intense , demographics was awesome . Definitely a but movie to watch again , but with prime time i can without buying it !!
 This movie is a great one if you have a surround sound setup . I watched it over my roku and it sounded awesome .
 I like all of the transformers movies . This one is fun too . I would recommend it to any fan of the first two movies .
 I was very satisfied the product and the speed I received it I would do business with them again , I was very satisfied
 my son loves this movie and thanks for the on time and it was in great shape thanks again /
 I really enjoyed the movie to it 's fullist . I ca n't wait to see what comes after this one . The quality was supreme without a doubt . I will continue doing business with Amazon . Thanks a whole lot Amazon .
 This movie , along with all the others , is a very engaging movie ... tons of action , and the FX are incredible ... Good Times ...
 this movie is really goodThe vender even got it to me earlier than the expected so it was AWESOMEI would do business with this vender again in the future
 I would recommend this movie to any fan of the Transformers series . Lot 's of action and excitement . Would recommend to add to anyone 's movie collection .
 PLEASE NOTE
 I went into this movie with lofty expectations . I found the first Transformers film to be a fun-spirited and exciting trip down memory lane . The second movie -- despite its obvious flaws -- contained some truly awe-inspiring action scenes . Thankfully the third and supposedly final installment proves to be the best film in the franchise ; capturing the positives from both its predecessors and then some.Dark of the Moon has a more serious tone than the first two movies . Beginning with the space race between the U.S. and the Soviet Union , the movie sets up an alternate history -LRB- akin to X-Men
 I love all of the Transformer movies but I think this is the best one . Really well done . The only complaint is the absence of Megan Fox as the girlfriend . I mean how do you dump a guy you have saved the world with twice ???
 Everyone knows what Transformers is . A sentient mechanical life form comes to Earth and gains asylum . Their planet , Cybertron was nigh destroyed in a terrible war led by Megatron , and The Fallen Prime . Optimus and his Autobot friends are on Earth trying to recover the All Spark . The all Spark gives life to any mechanical object . If Megatron gets his hands on it , he could raise an army that will destroy the Autobots , and the Earth for good . Sam is a young man who has become friends with the Autobots , led by Optimus Prime . He helps them to fight against Megatron and his Decepticons.In this volume Optimus discovers his former leader , Sentinel Prime , has been on the moon . After reviving him , they learn that he has created pillars that make a space bridge . Sentinel betrays the Autobots and allies himself with Megatron . They plan to bring Cybertron into Earth 's orbit and rebuild it using the human race as slaves . Sam , the Autobots , and the military must stop the Decepticon 's plan before humanity becomes a slave race.This is an excellent movie . It has great special effects , acting , screenplay , and soundtrack . The action and suspense are also quite good . There is also a lot of comedy . Transformers is an excellent reboot of an old classic series . It does the original justice . It 's a must see for anyone who likes to have a good time watching movies .
 So far the tablet has been really fun along with helpfull . I origanly got it so that my wife could access etc. . That takes away the time we spend together . Our Fun is all the way of the house . Often I found it isolated . This smart thing has allowed us along with myself less restricted or confined to the back on wich it displays me . I have never even manipulated a befor . I always thought they were very limited and could not perform the average tasks . However I have been proven wrong . Surfing !!!!
 This Blu-ray looks and sounds unbelievable . As a 3D HDTV owner , you should have this movie . Of all the 3D Blu rays , only a couple are worth owning , this is one of them . The action is pretty impressive but the special effects are mind-melting on a good HDTV.If your looking for a good movie to show off your system , this is as good as it gets .
 All I can say is AWESOME , the family loved it and was so very HAPPY to watch and enjoy on a great family evening , Thanks Bunches !
 Transformers is a movie that was meant to be seen in 3d ! It was awesome !!! Highly recommend this over the 2d version ! Well worth the additional money !!
 One of my favorite top ten action movies of all time !!!! Saw it at the movies in 3D , loved it , got it on BluRay just as stunning ! This movie is visual art , only Avatar can rival it . Just an incredible movie , The best Micheal Bay heads down . The story line , the acting , and the effects are unbelievable , they took Avatar technology to the next level as far movement and is a step more realistic . Shockwaves scenes are arguably some of the best ever done ! Looking at these reviews people have become so jaded that nothing can no longer impress them . A lot of time and effort with into making this movie and it shows in the details . Take my word get this movie in bluray and you WILL NOT be disappointed .
 Who does not like all the transformer movies ? Great special effects everytime . Worth buying and watching several times . Does not get ld watching .
 have always been a lover of the transformers ever since the childhood days . followed it from the very first movie that was created . great sound effects along with visual . went to see all of them at the theatre & then decided that I wish to own . even became a fan of the soundtrack . non stop action .
 transformers dark of the moon my granddaughter really enjoys watching this dvd she especially likes bumble bee she is fascinated by their transformation
 Hello I 'm telling you the order arrived and everything is in perfect condition . I 'll keep buying more stuff . They are of very good quality . 100 % recommended .
 I salute everyone 's long reviews here . I will be very short instead.IT WAS AWESOME.I Loved the first , loved the second -LRB- why critically bash a movie based on fighting robots ? -RRB- and loved the third just as much.One of the best trilogies ever . Thank you Mr. Bay . Some of us need a break from the dramas to enjoy a thrill ride like this.The effects were simply breathtaking ... . especially the 3D on this one . . the depth of the picture was astounding.Dark of the Moon was EPIC ... . see it immediately . .
 While watching this epic I noticed the human characters did n't help the movie . I would have much liked to see their final battle on a machine planet much like their own world . Perhaps the creators of Transformers 4 will remedy this in the next film . I found myself wanting to see what happened before the war . The CGI was amazing . Leonard Nimoy 's voice as the ancient mentor to Optimus Prime was the best part of the movie . Nimoy even used a line he did in the Star Trek II feature film ; only in a different context . I wanted to know more about the robots than the human characters . Ironically , the humans took a back seat to the dynamic robots on the screen . I certainly did n't buy this DVD so I could see a model with the lead actor , Shia La Bouf -LRB- I know I did n't spell that right -RRB- . The director did a seamless job with the actors interacting with the robots . That must be the hardest type of acting . Talking to a green screen with a character that has n't been fully developed.Another aspect of this movie that was impressive was the destruction of the city in the last moments of the film . The fault of this film was that it could have been a half hour shorter . There were too many false and predictable moments that could have been on the cutting room floor . Other than that , it was fun to watch . I 'd see it again for the battling robot portions of the film .
 I was so excited when I recieved the movie only 2 days after being told it had been shipped , and 2 days before it was estimated to get here . Insert dorky happy dance . I of course watched the movie right away and was completely stunned by the special effects . The other two movies had pretty awesome FX , but this movie topped them both . And there was just enough humor mixed in with all the action , I love how Bay makes it so you 're one minute you 're freaking out thinking a main characters going to die , and then the next you 're laughing like crazy . Shia Labeouf contributed to that a lot , he 's hilarious.The only thing I had a problem movie-wise was a couple of new characters I did n't recognize . I do n't know how many people are familiar with the original cartoon , or any of the others they made after that , but I 'll admit that I am and I have n't heard of Que or Dino and some of the others before . Not that I did n't like the characters , I just do n't understand why they had to make some of them up when they literally have probably hundreds of originals to choose from -LRB- And they had Sideswipe but no Sunstreaker , how weird is that ? -RRB- . About the actual DVD though , I was disappointed in the lack of bonus features . I guess they 're now charging us extra for that , too . Amazon needs to put in their product description that there are none on this DVD , so customers know ahead of time instead of popping the disc into their DVD player and being disappointed.All in all , awesome movie , excellent shipping , not too bad a price either . I 'm happy with my purchase : -RRB-
 The most technologically astounding film franchise concludes with its strongest and finest installment . This movie truly is `` More than meets the eye . '' In 2007 Michael Bay brought to life the war between the Autobots and the Decepticons added in with the human touch of a teenage boy getting his first car . Transformers truly has been my favorite movie since the day I saw it , and then in 2009 the Transformers returned to the big screen in a very critically bashed sequel , that I still found to be just as fun as the first . Transformers Dark of the Moon is so different than the first two installments in every way . Making it more serious , dark and overall believeable and enjoyable . I dont think I must adress the effects because Transformers fan or not you cant deny that the effects raise the bar for what had been seen in a film . Michael Bay has made his masterpiece film , attempting things that have never been thought of before . Some parts in the movie will make you want to think they are digital effects , but in fact many of the shots are genuine . The soldiers diving out of planes flying through the city of Chicago in their own flight suits was real . Unlike the plot line of the first film , you have many human elements to the story line but still keeping it otherworldly . The plot twists major events from throughout history such as the moon landing , explaining that the space race between the United States and The USSR was to investigate a detected crash that turns out to be the flagship of the Autobots . These events held from Optimus and the other Autobots from the first film . The plot ties together very well , and features so many classic 60 's sci-fi elements . On the note of the Transformers , like in the second movie there are new Autobots on Earth , but it is explained how they got there . Robot characters each have there own good amount of screen time and dialogue . Instead of delivering one liners in the second film . The movie has some great big name actors introduced into the series , such as Patrick Dempsey and John Malkovich . True Malkovichs character was as unneeded as Leo in the second film , but surprisingly Dempsey was great , SPOILER Humans are working with the decepticons , Dempsey is the great , badass playboy millionaire that he needs to be . Sentinal Prime voiced by the all time legendary Leonard Nimoy . Sentinal is my new favorite character of the Transformers franchise . He just has a great tone to him and he was beautifully designed . I was worried that the events of the second film would not continue on into the third , yet the Matrix of Leadership plays as a major key point . Adressing the whole Megan Fox is gone , a Transformers movie is not a Transformers movie because of whatever hot brain dead female actor they throw in for eye candy . Yet Rosie is much different that Megans character , she is much more confident and putting aside who looks better than who she does have a much brighter acting career ahead of her than Fox , she is a plot point and is in fact needed to the story . The film opens with some light comedy , that is actually very funny and easy to laugh out loud at . Wheter your immeressed in the Transformers mythos or not there is no denying that this is easily one of the best times you will have in the theater . This movie makes the first two look like mere commercials for this epic adventure . I feel my review is very clich&eacute; using words such as epic and amazing but there is simply no other way to put it that I just watched to most enjoyable film of my life , and is by far my favorite movie along side the first Transformers . Easily an 11/10
 This is a good action packed movie sure to please the science fiction/fantasy enthusiast . The story starts with an alternate history of the moon landing with an alien discovery twist and moves on to become a fast-paced action movie with the familiar heroes except for one , a new romantic interest . The new romantic interest , played by Rosie Huntington-Whitely , fails to measure up to the previous one played by Megan Fox.The sound and video are both first rate and will rattle your rafters if you crank up the sound high enough . The story line holds ones interest and provides enough surprise elements to keep one guessing . This is a worthy addition to the franchise and a keeper for any collector of this genre.I recommend it highly .
 Just got this movie the other day . I had enjoyed it so much in the movie theater this summer -- I could n't wait to get it home and play it on my own big screen LED -LRB- which IMO delivers much more clarity and pop then the high-tech/Digital large cinema screens -RRB- and my 5.1 surround sound system . Transformers
 This movie is most worthy of being called the best of the `` Transformers '' movies . Though im skeptical it will be the last ... . this is the most serious of all the movies with the space race and the Apollo missions being a BIG focal point of the movie as the Cybertron war collides with earth -LRB- not to give too much away -RRB- , but if you hav n't seen this movie yet , im sure any fan will be very pleased here . The war for Cybertron collides with earth and enemies are on both sides and the phrase `` more than meets the eye '' takes a whole new meaning here ... this is a great movie but has absolutely NO GOODIES :-LRB- it is just the movie . So are you willing to wait for the ultimate collector blu-ray/dvd/digital combo pack that is rumored to drop next month -LRB- Nov -RRB- ???? Though I cant speak for all retailers I know my copy has a $ 10 off coupon for the ultimate edition . so I leave the decision up to you , the hopefully now somewhat informed consumer and `` Transformers '' fan ... so I ask will you wait for the next release or give into the craving for `` Transformers '' mayhem and buy the movie now ? either way im sure you will be pleased with this incredible event that is `` Transformers Dark Of The Moon ''
 As a long time fan of the Transformers -LRB- i watched the cartoon faithfully as a kid -RRB- , i have enjoyed every single movie so far ; and this one definitely does NOT disappoint ! Transformers
 this was by far the best of the 3 movies . the human interaction is better and the robot battles are infinitely better . from the beginning of the movie to the end is non-stop action . this is one of the few movies i saw 2 times in the theater . once in the regular screen and once in imax 3D . it was money well spent . i would tell anyone who is thinking of buying it , to DEFINITELY buy it !
 Yes there are no special features on this movie ! I will admit I love special features , they add a lot to the movies and just simply make the whole experience more awesome overall ! With that being said , if you ca n't wait for em and are too cheap to shell out extra money for both versions , then do n't complain just be patient and wait for them to come out later in the year . One heads up for those who want to buy this now but also want the special features addition is that this version comes with a $ 10 coupon insert to be used for the special features addition that releases later this year . The movie is completely brilliant in the blu ray format , well worth buying . The 20 to 25 dollar price range that you can find this movie for is more than acceptable considering it comes with the movie in 3 different formats . Up to this point amazon provides the best market price I have for the movie although Best Buy is pretty close too . Do n't miss out on the `` Now '' by waiting for the special features addition , just buy this one , enjoy it and save up for the next release and take advantage of the $ 10 coupon this one comes with . Also you could save the coupon , sell this one later and essentially end up paying small pocket change for the special features addition after you get your resale money plus the $ 10 coupon , not that bad of deal if you ask me .
 So I got home from work today and I asked my wife if she got the mail . She said she did and I got TF3 which I thought it was odd because it 's suppose to come out tomorrow . Well lucky me , I have it a day early . I do have the Amazon Prime service which I shall now refer to the Amazon Optimus Prime service.And no I have not opened the case for fear the FBI are watching me . j/k
 DOTM made it easy to forget 2009 's ROTF . The `` plot '' was much improved , possibly because there was only ONE writer this time . Some of the best action sequences I have ever seen were in this movie . A great way to end the series , as well . If they made any more , I would hope it would be the military and Autobots working together to hunt down Decepticons , similar to how ROTF started out.Please take my advice
 `` There will be days when we lose faith , days when our allies turnagainst us . But the day will never come , that we forsake this planetand its people . '' Once again Sam -LRB- LeBeouf -RRB- is stuck in the middle oftrying to have a normal life and saving the world . After a `` lost `` autobot is brought back to life Optimus Prime thinks peace has come atlast . The decepticons have other plans . After the huge success of thefirst movie the producers decided to make a second , with out a realplot in place and it showed . Taking a little more time in developingthis one also showed . Like `` X-Men '' the background of this movie ishistorically real . Like any Michael Bay movie this is a movie that isbased on special effects and explosions with little attention payed toemotion or story . I will give him one scene that was pretty emotionalthough . That said , not many people go into a movie like this for theacting or plot . The action and special effects were very good and thiswas a very exciting movie and very fun to watch . Overall , much , much , much , much better then the second one . Not quite as good as the first , but it 's close . I give it a B + . Would I watch again ? - Yes I will . * Also try - Transformers 1 & 2
 i had never watched this movie and happened to start watching it with my company and found it to have great animation to it . would recommend to anyone .
 Plenty of action and almost lives up to the others in the franchise . However , not to be missed or overlooked as one of the btter robot wars themed movies .
 loved the movie more than the television series from the 80 's ... my boys loved it so much they were characters from the movie for Halloween ... my 3 year old loves cars more than ever after seeing this
 It is just as good as the previous Transformer movies . Like the humor , action and drama . Wish I had a Bumble-Bee protector or car !
 The special effects on this movie were outstanding and the imagery was exceptional . They were so good , in fact , that they covered for the complete lack of writing . It almost seemed as if this movie was created as a series of 30 second bits intended solely to make good commercials .
 I mean , this was never the greatest movie ever , but I own the other two so logically i had to have this one . Came quickly , shipped well , no problems ... except the film itself ... just ... bad .
 ACTION PACKED . SAME MAIN CHARACTERS WHICH IS ALWAYS NICE WHEN WATCHING A SEQUEL . WOULD WATCH AGAIN IF SOMEONE ASKED ME .
 This was a good movie , I enjoyed watching it . I would recommend this movie to friends , family , or other people .
 Of all the Transformer Movies , this one was my favorite one . A lot of action and storyline with respect to Alien Invasion . Loved it !
 My son spent about 9 months working on the team of 3D stereo artists making the conversion from 2D to 3D . I am not a true Transformers fan , but thoroughly enjoyed seeing this in 3D .
 She loved it when she opened it on her birthday . Now I want to watch it lol . It looks exciting .
 If you like action , love , and any of the other superhero movies you will like this one . A MUST WATCH !
 I have all the Transformer movies now , I would have been nice if they sold them in a set but I will take what I can get
 It is of Great quality , great buy , I love transformers and the item shipped very very fast . Must buy absolutely . Great Price !!!
 Great Quality ! no problems at all playing it on my PS3 . Not a fan of buying Collector 's edition , price is great .
 Must i say more it a f **** in good movie me and the kids love it . . If you dont have it ur late
 All right excellent , in very good condition and very fast great price for four disk , and 3D is espetacular.I will keep buying movies in 3D .
 This one was even better then the others . The action and comedy ca n't be beat . I think this is my fav . one .
 I hate spending $ 20 - $ 30 for a blu ray when dvds are so much cheaper . But this movie was one of the exceptions . The movie was epic and the price was unbeatable .
 I saw it in the movie theaters and I liked it , so I bought the 3D blu ray . I enjoyed the movie as well as the first 2 movies of Transformers .
 This movie is a great movie for those of you seeking for action . It 's simple , fun , and it 's full of action . If you 're into movies with a deep meaning , this is n't it for you , but for those of you that just love action like me , it 'll be awesome ! Blu-ray definitely makes this movie pop out and you 'll love it if you have a huge awesome HDTV .
 This is an amazing film to watch in 3D . It is a long movie but the action scenes are amazing . Worth a definite watch .
 I would have given it 3.5 stars , but they do n't let you rate in half-stars . It 's good , not great . Better than part 2 , which I think stunk .
 mil gracias por el producto fabuloso recomiendo a este vendedor todo llego en perfectas condiciones excelentesaludos espero seguir contando con ustedes
 I got my copy in a couple of days and say one old the best movies of all time . I completed my collection
 Dark of the Moon 3D is great ! This is why I purchased a 3D TV for action films that make you feel like you are part of the action ...
 The item arrived in perfect condition . The transaction was easy , convenient , and service was efficient . I 've used this seller on other occasions and have never had a problem . I am completely satisfied and would highly recommend to others . In this case , I chose the seller because of good experience in the past , despite a slightly higher price -- and still a great bargain !
 I really enjoyed this film . It really showed Shia LaBeouf 's acting ability . In the first films , Sam Witwicky was just the geeky guy that got protected a lot . In this film he did more than just running around and figuring out puzzles . His fight with Patrick Dempsey 's character was very satisfying to watch . This was the only one of the series that made me cry -LRB- when the autobots said goodbye to Sam , * tears * -RRB-
 Awesome movie ! I know this wont be regarded as a classic movie by movie snobs and whatnot but it is excellent for what it is ! Great action , characters , and effects ! I am bummed that there are no special features on this AT ALL though ...
 I really enjoyed this movie . This one was so much better than the 2nd one , though not as good as the first one . This movie possibly had the greatest special effects I have seen in my life.BTW ? I was disappointed with some of the decepticons . I was expecting a lot from Shockwave because Michael Bay hyped so much about him being the main villain . Though Sentinel Prime was obviously supposed to be a surprise , Megatron was a greater villain because you could tell by the way he talked that he was the leader before Sentinel was brought back . Shockwave did not really even fight anyone one on one either . His driller did more and even then it did n't do much either . Shockwave did not add anything to the story , he was just a cool looking villain . And Megatron 's performance was just as disappointing as well . There was no reason to have him killed by Optimus so quickly -LRB- and yet Optimus just got his arm cut off right before he killed him -RRB- . I know that the movie had been going on for a long time , but they should have had them fight a 2-5 minute battle . My favorite parts in the last 2 movies is when those 2 fought each other.Overall though , this is a great film and it is very entertaining .
 Like all the other Transformer movies just great , one you can play over and over and never get sick of seeing it .
 Movie was full of action from start to finish . Can ' say that Megan Fox was missed , the actress that took her place did a good job in the movie . If you want non stop action and special effects this is the movie for you .
 Great popcorn flick . Big difference between the dvd & bluray . The digital copy has been great since we own an iPad
 The CGI is awesome ! The fight scenes are amazing and so realistic ... I love the Transformers franchise and love this movie ... It does n't really follow the true story , but it is very entertaining .
 Transformers is the best ! With its great graphics and filming techniques , it 's almost perfect ! This action-packed movie is full of exciting scenes -LRB- which is fighting -RRB- , and well-crafted . I was never confused when watching this movie ! What a 5-star movie !
 Love it but not as good as the other 2 . Shia is great as always and love the soundtrack also but that is just me . Very good graphics but I was really paying more attention to the story and ya got ta just love it when dictator obama is spliced into a movie as the good leader that he is n't and they made George W. Bush look like an idiot . But this is hollywood and they suck .
 Okay , first off I just want to say that I absolutely loved the Dark of the Moon and honestly believe it was probably the best of the three movies . Special effects were spectacular on the blu-ray and everything just seemed so clear and unbelievable.The only problem I have is ... special features ? Or maybe , the lack thereof . I honestly have to admit that I did n't really look at the description to see about the special features because ... it 's a new movie !! I pretty much thought all new movies came with SOME kind of special features , deleted scenes , commentary , gag reel , SOMETHING !! But this did n't and it leads me to believe that they 'll probably re-release all three together in a special 3-D , blu-ray pack with ` Never Before Seen Footage ' etc. . . etc. . . Which is the only reason I 'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 . That , in a nut shell , irritates the peediddle outta me !!
 I loved loved this movie ! I mean wow ! But For some reason everyone say 's Rosie is a terrible actress , Personally myself I loved her in this not only because she was smoking -LRB- I 'm a straight girl btw -RRB- but because I just loved the personality that she brought to the screen she made it sexy and just empowered . I loved , the CGI , all the effects are beyond amazing . I like that they used flashbacks of president Kennedy that was really awesome . I would recomend this if you have the time cuddle up and watch this . When I was watching it , time flew by it truly just caught me in , A little towards the end maybe 45 mins or so I got a little distracted with other things it started to just get a little predictable , But overall This movie was amazing :-RRB- I 'd def . watch it again not only for Rosie but for the amazing actors . I wish there was more Josh Dunhamel in this :-LRB- He 's down right hot lol : -RRB-
 super good movie way better than the 2n one which i didnt really like it may even be better than the 1 st one haha
 I really liked this movie . I own the first two on DVD and despite what a lot of people think of Michael Bay 's movies , I took this for what it was
 Optimus Prime and the Autobots are back in this third installation of Transformers . I am hesitant to call this a trilogy as each story-line fails to support a continuance of the previous . Nonetheless , this was a far better movie than the second . The effects in this film are second to none ; I have watched this film in HD as well as 3D and was definitely pleased.The story is self-contained . The Autobots , losing a war on Cybertron , attempt an escape with valuable technology that could change the war in their favor . The Autobot vessel crash lands on the moon , and this in effect starts a space race between the US and the Russians . A space race that abruptly ends without any real explanation -LRB- the reason behind Chernobyl was also a nice touch -RRB- . Unfortunately , betrayal changes the fates of many and is the cause for the loss of a comrade . In the meantime , despite graduating from an ivy league school and receiving a medal from Obama himself , Sam -LRB- like most Americans today -RRB- struggles to find a job , and is caught between his new love and trying to prove his self-importance . If you view this movie through the eyes of a 10 year old , you can ignore minor details like the Matrix of Leadership -LRB- was n't that destroyed in the second movie by Prime himself -RRB- and since when did Decepticons bleed or were torn apart so easily . This movie was meant to be enjoyed as an action-packed flick and in action , it did not disappoint . The accompanying music was great , Linkin Park was brought in again , this time with ` Iridescent ' as well as other artists . The freeway scene about an hour into the movie was one of my favorites . The new Autobots were refreshing -LRB- I like Dino -RRB- ; and nothing against General Motors , but it was nice to see other nameplates -LRB- Dodge and Mercedes -RRB- in the movie , though I did miss the other two Chevys , Mudflap and Skids.Though a bit lacking in story/plot , this film made up for it in action , script , special effects and acting . Sam and his parents had me laughing a lot , Simmons and Dutch are an awesome duo , and Charlotte Merring -LRB- Director of Intelligence and Simmons ' ex-girl -RRB- was just too real a character . All the actors deserve their praise . They did a great job . I definitely would recommend this movie -LRB- especially in Blu-Ray -RRB- .
 I knew Transformers was bare bone blu ray meaning it only had the movie NO extras . I did n't want pay more than $ 15 . During Black Friday , Amazon has Transformers for $ 9.99 as a Lighting deal . Unfortunately , I was slow and missed the deal but I left it in my cart . A week later I received an email stating Amazon would give me a credit so I could get the movie @ 9.99 . Transformers was 26.99 at the time . I ordered it , received FREE shipping because initial price was over $ 25 . Total price $ 10.81 . Thanks Amazon !!! Oh , the blu ray is demo quality . Great PQ and AQ .
 I must admit I thought the third film in the franchise was a lot of fun , most notably with the integration of the 3D photography . Here though is the problem
 out of the three out so far this one shows how much improvement they have put in special effects , give it a 10 for non hd special effects , but the blue ray copy in 1080p at 120hrzs its the most life like , and fast enought to hold your my attenion over and over have watch on line in sd 3 times and now blueray , keep up the good work vod dept , close second to dvds.dkg
 Seriously , people ? It really makes me laugh to read people going on and on about how horrible this movie was . I understand if you are a fan of the Transformers in the 80s that you might be upset , but I 'm not and I liked this movie . You are n't supposed to over-analyze movies like this ! Just watch the good graphics , attractive people , and be entertained ! This franchise is n't something that is supposed to make you think . I mean really . Anyway , I just wanted to put in my 2 cents . I think this was far better than the 2nd one , which was very lacking . The graphics are good and it 's entertaining , especially if you have some time to kill and just want to turn your brain off and be entertained .
 Of all the Transformers movies , I feel this was the best for action , story line , realism , and enjoyment . I hope they 'll make one more .
 I 've enjoyed all of these movies . Growing up with the Transformers I was very excited when the first one came out . This Blu-Ray looks great and the digital copy is great for when I travel .
 Great value for money . I purchased this DVD for my son as he loves Transformers . Received the DVD before the estimated date and before it was due to be released in Australia.We were only interested in the movie -LRB- extras etc not a big deal for my son -RRB- so it was a very good buy.Quality of movie was good too .
 I enjoyed a lot when I received this BD , I saw the film again and I discovered how much I love this saga .
 This is far and away , above and beyond , the best Transformers movie , yet ! If you 're a Transformers fan , this is a must have . Outstanding special and visual effects . Excellent storyline . A most impressive film !
 This item will go nicely with the other Transformer vids I have . Well done!It 's my review and I 'll write as many words as I feel is nessesary . If not then Iwo n't review .
 This movie was just as it appears in the movies and stores . It came quick and I have no complaints about it .
 For people like me that loves Transformers it was perfect !! New faces like Patrick Dempsey !!! As always love Josh Duhammel !!!
 i think it was the best transformers ever it has more action than the other transformers michael bay is an awesome director.It also was a good story but too long
 this was the best of the transformers movies but i liked them all and i will be buying it on blu ray
 There is a real plot behind this one and Sam is not just a sidekick for the robots this really is his story and the robots also have a good story of their own and some good new characters.Now they have come to the end of the road with Michael Bay and his vision for Transformers I think it would be nice if the next batch of Transformers movies go back to basics and the G1 Transformers where the robots do n't have this skeletal look and are more like the original toys in both appearance and basic plot .
 I received the message that the U. S. government is hiding knowledge about what is beyond Earth 's atmosphere . But all governments hide information from the masses of their people . What intrigued me was when the Sentinel Prime character said to the Optimus Prime character that they used to be gods and now they were called machines . I can relate to that statement . I am a descendant of a people that were performing high sciences at one point in time and now we are beasts of burden . Try to talk to a typical African person about science and see what you get . At best they 'll say , how does this help me pay my bills ? At worse they 'll look at you like you have 2 heads .
 More than meets the eye in DOTM ; a conclusion to the Transformers live-action trilogy ? Maybe . But maybe not . Hopefully , to this three part saga of today 's Transformers , new people ; -LRB- cast , director , producers , etc. -RRB- will hop onboard to continue this 25 + year franchise after Michael Bay and Steven Spielberg . If another TF trilogy comes along , I 'd love to see the Autobots take on the next set of Decepticon baddies and villains like Galvatron , Cyclonus , Scourge , Quintessans , Sharkicons , Predacons , and Unicron . And let 's see if the Dinobots , Junkions , and Headmasters can be there to back up Prime with an origin of how the Cybertronian War began .
 Did we watch the same movie ??! When you consider the mindless dribble that passes for TV these days -LRB- which caused many of us to run not walk to cancel our cable service -RRB- and compare that against a contemporary America filled with 304 million plus half-wits , each of which is thoroughly convinced that they are intellectually superior over every other , I suppose these critiques should n't surprise me . I thought these movies were excellent . I know some of you just go because you like the pretty flickering lights , yet are easily frightened and confused , and others only go so they can bash the film after words , calling into perspective the stupidity of seeing a film and two sequels you obviously did n't care for on the conceptual level . However , for some of us , not all movies have to be critically acclaimed Brokeback Mountain archetypes -LRB- which , since it did n't appeal to me to watch a story about gay cowboys , I simply did n't watch it , see how that works , it 's easy -RRB- . Some movies can just be entertaining , and this movie , like its two predecessors delivered that in spades.The movie is relevant , and for those of you who are dribbling a bit while reading this , that means it addresses current issues in subtle ways . It addresses in a slightly comedic fashion just how `` perfect '' we must be in order to survive and remain employed today . How about it depicts how insane the ruling classes are ; how self-involved and arrogant our leaders can be ; how those charged with protecting the nation tend to abysmally fail us when they are faced with something important or worse , that every time they have to make a decision , it 's usually the wrong one ; how brave our soldiers can be given even a set of incredibly unlikely events -LRB- like being human and having to engage in close combat with a thirty foot tall robot -RRB- ; how brave we can all be if called upon to take action against those who threaten our values ; how diabolical and two faced our pompous wealthy can be ; how love STILL conquers all ; how our allies can betray us ; how greed is STILL wrong ; how sometimes we have to do things we do n't agree with to protect our loved ones ... The score -LRB- for those of you who actually pay attention to these things -RRB- is actually sortof an amalgam of the last two films , Batman Begins , and The Last of the Mohicans - Epic , and worth a once over at the least . I do n't care about who is who or who was the apprentice of who , for those who like to argue about such nonsense . The score set the mood very well , and supplemented the flow of the film quite nicely.I could go on and on , but frankly , I know I 'm only going to be reaching those of you actually paid attention and enjoyed the movie anyway , as the rest of you Android 's Dungeon Comic Book Guy wannabes started mentally retorting at line 3 and are just skimming to the end , looking to be offended , and waiting to blast this review -LRB- and frankly , if you are one of those people and are still reading this , thank you for proving my earlier point about morons who go to see movies they 've already convinced themselves they wo n't like -RRB- . The rest of you already know what I 'm talking about , EXCELLENT film , hopefully not the last . Excellent and very imaginative action sequences , inclusive of how things can just go wrong -LRB- like real life -RRB- , stunning cinematography , amazing attention to the G1 series including elements of the Animated Movie -LRB- I 'm still drawing a few of those parallels -RRB- . If you are n't anti-action films and are n't carrying a personal vendetta against Michael Bay , see this film ... or do n't . It 's not a life or death decision dude , it was just a killer movie.How do you nay-sayers even end-up posting on a page that will most commonly be found by people searching for the DVD/Blu-ray release date anyway ?
 I loved Dark Of The Moon it was action packed and had a great story . Bay also included a huge fan favorite in wheeljack aka Que and Shockwave . I also loved Dino and The Wreckers so much transformers in this one i was hardly bored . Transformers Dark Of The Moon will be on dvd September 30th . I wish amazon would already release the date for the dvd since walmart has conformed sept 30th is the dvd release .
 In 2007 , executive producer Steven Spielberg and director Michael Bay delivered to audiences walking , talking , robots in disguise with `` Transformers '' . The summer blockbuster took the box office by storm and raised the bar for visual effects extravaganzas at the movies.Two years later , Spielberg and Bay did it again with the outstanding follow-up -LRB- although many would contest my usage of the word `` outstanding '' in regards to that film -RRB- `` Transformers
 THIS MOVIE IS THE BEST MOVIE ANYONE WILL EVER SEE IN THEIR ENTIRE FREAKING LIFE ! BEST MOVIE EVER ! IT ROCKS !
 Just went to the premiere and holy crud is that movie legit . Tons of laughs , emotion and of course the best action special affects you 'll ever see . Definitely go see it if you loved the first 2 or even liked . You 'll be into this one the whole way through
 This movie is one of the greatest movies of all time ! i have to say , they should not have made this movie in 3D . in was to blury to watch .
 It is a good movie . The movie becomes more intense than the other installments . But the only problem is that it 's too long .
 Unlike the second movie , Dark of the Moon was actually well written and the loss of Megan Fox actually serves to improve the acting significantly , though the same sex-driven scenes are shared with a new beauty . Tied in with the NASA moon mission of the late '60s , the movie picks up with the Decepticons attempting to secure technology that will bring their home planet to Earth , allowing them to use our planet 's resources to repair theirs . The special effects were top-notch and the destruction of Chicago was amazing to watch as the city was cordoned off by the Decepticons . The battle scene in Chicago 's city limits to close the movie was fantastic and my boys -LRB- ages 11 and 8 -RRB- were entranced throughout . Pure eye candy and definately a blu-ray purchase when released . Heck of a movie and already looking forward to seeing again .
 Someday they 'll come out with Jane Austen 's TRANSFORMERS , and that 'll shut everyone 's yaps . Me , I saw TRANSFORMERS
 Another great 3d movie the effects are so awesome . So real and awesome need to take a break since it is over 21/2 hours long .
 With 2 boys in the house , we do love our Transformers . Got this as a present for the little guy I babysit ,
 I did n't grow up as a fan of the transformers as many did , but the movies definitely made me realize I missed out on a great thing !
 I am very satisfied with my copy of this movie , and liked the fact that it was in it 's original cover .
 I do n't know why people hate on this movie . I found it met its purpose it entertained me and told me a good story . I would recommend it to anyone who has n't seen it yet . I also love the 3 disc option so I can watch it in any format I want to .
 I love this purchase and I would recommend it to any one to purchase this item for their fun and excitement !
 This is what the first and second movie should have been like . If you are a transformer fan from the 1980 's this movie is for you . -LRB- Oh , I am telling my age -RRB-
 If you liked the first 2 you 'll like this one also . My grand kids love it . I like it too .
 Like all transformer movies , this is a jumble of shapes and forms and noise . But also like the others -LRB- maybe a little less so with Trans-2 -RRB- , the movie is a lot of fun . With a good sound system -LRB- and I really do mean GOOD -RRB- , the sound is ear-shattering and hugely enjoyable . On a small screen , -LRB- I found the same at my suburban cinema when I first saw this movie -RRB- , there is so much going on and so much hardware moving so fast that it sometimes gets hard to distinguish the goodies from the baddies . I loved the steals from so many other movies , including -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- , the Star Trek/Spock references , the various Alien and Predator looks of some of the Decepticons.I am glad I always/usually watch the specials after the main movie because seeing and hearing how Michael Bay directs and how some of the actors prepare for a scene , I would have been a little put-off in some places . But the specials did show the extraordinary access they were given to areas of Detroit , Chicago and the NASA facilities . The behind-the-scenes stuff on the Blu-ray edition is comprehensive , extensive and impressive.In general , a fun movie , good use of 3D and loads of BIG sound with quite a few very low bass that rumbles through the floor . .
 If you like Transformsers the movie , you will certainly love it in 3D . The 3D version is very good and since I bought this on sale during black Friday it was great deal .
 i like this movie verymuch , the story was very well produced , there is non stop action in this movie , i also want to say that out of all the movies that transformer made so far this one is my favorites , lots of action and wonderful 3d effect well worth it .
 Bought it because it was part of the series and I really enjoy Shai LeBouf as an actor . Really liked him in Disturbia and in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull -LRB- although the plot of that movie was pretty lame . but that 's for another review . -RRB- Disappointed with how they explained the absence of his true love , Mikeala , and why they broke up . For him to have a model as a girlfriend seemed a bit of a reach . She lacked the toughness that spurred the character of Sam -LRB- Shai -RRB- to do great things . This movie is on a scale of 1-10 about a 4 for story line and a 7 for action . I still bought it but am kinda disappointed .
 This item worked as advertised and excellent customer service . I would do business again in the future with this vendor .
 This is a great addition to any DVD collection . I would highly recommend this DVD for anyone who likes this TV series .
 In case you missed it , the quality is n't quite what I had hoped ... Its definitely only standard definition , if that . I realize it was n't advertised as HD but I do n't think this quite DVD quality which at the very least is what I was hoping to get . I would also like it if it was n't encrypted so only the little Amazon video player can play it ! I bought the movie , let me watch it where I want!Edit
 I purchased this just to add it into my library as I have watched it in cinema.Picture quality is typical of Blue-ray and definitely a good buy
 I never watched Transformers or knew much about it until I was dragged to the first Transformers movie . How can you not love the series ? Hot guys , hot cars and very attention grabbing ! Dark of the Moon is probably my favorite of the three so far .
 really great movie packed with a lot of action keeps you off on the edge you do n't get bored or tired of watch it always something happening
 These movies never fail to entertain . Just plain awesome effects and action . Yeah the kid is kinda dorky and not the best character or actor , but the rest of the movie is good enough to get past that big flaw .
 this is a must have for the rest of these movies you will not go wrong to buy it I loved it .
 First off , let me just say that I am a huge Michael Bay fan.From `` Bad Boys '' to `` The Island '' , he has created some of the most exciting action sequences since the last decade , and `` Transformers 3 '' is no different.I must admit that I did not like the first film-nor cared too much for the abysmal sequel that was `` Revenge of the Fallen '' , but Bay finally got everything right for this installment.And the last 40 or so minutes is definitely worth multiple viewings . -LRB- The toppling building sequence impressed me tremendously -RRB- , and the cast stays on point to where there are no weak links.Some credit has to be given to Rosie Huntington-Whiteley as Sam Witwicky 's -LRB- Shia LaBeouf -RRB- girlfriend , who is actually alot more tolerable than Megan Fox.Long story short , I wish I had gone to go see this one , as it proves that Michael Bay is still fully capable at keeping our attention with off the wall action spectacles.Keep up the good work .
 A must see flick , if you like action and sci-fi comics . The streaming was great and purchase simple . With a hdtv or hd monitor 1080i or greater the standard looks very good . Thanks Amazon . D'App .
 WOW ! I had to buy the movie again ... Why ? because it was done in 3D the 3D movies are getting better so far this movie is the best the only thing is the price need to come down and give us a choice of 3D disc or the compack of blu-ray '' 3D < OR > DVD . .
 Very please with the product and time to receive the merchandise . . Will definitely buy from Amazon in the future . Very pleased with the purchase .
 Good movie decent download . Amazon usually has movies that are a few dollars cheaper than their competitors . The only issue I have is why must you write a review ? Amazon should have the option to just rate it .
 Dark of the Moon was an amazing movie and a wonderful end to the trilogy ! I am hoping that they continue on with their plans to making a part 4 with Galvatron . If you are a transformer fan then this is a must see movie !
 The movie in the way I like . Video and sound are simply perfect . The extras are very interesting and the 3D is awesome .
 Transformers
 Great movie . Seems like the biggest movie of the series . I bought this movie for my son for Christmas , and he enjoyed it a lot !
 The Movie is expectacular , amazingly directed and the visuals are well crafted , the visuals are very realistic , and a well budgeted film in 2011 . Absolutely a collectors item .
 I was really impressed with how fast the movie arrived . This was an amazing movie in the theaters and we loved it at home as well .
 another keeper in the Transformer series ... hope to see followons continue . amazing special effects and graphics . keep melocked on the screen for the enter movie
 I got this for my grandson . He is 6 and a Transformers addict . The movie was great but there is adult content , specifically language . An adult should watch this with a younger child as there probably will be questions .
 Wow . That was . Busy . If you think all Transformers movies look alike , then this is the one to watch . Packed with more action than my tiny brain could absorb . They could have done away with some of the Star Trek references . Leonard Nimoy 's voice stood alone .
 Though not the best of the Transformers ' movies so far -LRB- the first being the best -RRB- , I thoroughly enjoyed it . Have seen it several times over !! Ready for more Transformers ! : - -RRB-
 Well , seeing this on Blu-ray was actually more fun than watching it 3D via the movies . Was less distracted and saw more detail to the bots . My complaint was the end fight with Prime , Sentinal and Megatron was way too short , it should have gone on a little longer but other than that , no complaints .
 I am a HUGE fan of the Transformers movies , but I have to say that this is not the best of the series . As much as I am not a Megan Fox fan , they should have kept her . I also thought that the ending was a bit abrupt . Not really the way I would have ended the series . -LRB- to my knowledge , it was the last -RRB-
 This was a great action movie . Lots of animation . How do they make these movies look so real . If I was a kid , I would believe these things were possible in the world . Maybe I just saty at home alone too much . Thaks fo rsending the movie.Transformers
 Everything about Transformers I love and this movie I thought was the best out of the 3 even though I do like them all . I really enjoyed this one more then the rest.I think you should watch it if you have not .
 I loved this movie . I am a big fan of the complete Transformers series . This is one of thoses perfect movies watch with a nice sound system .
 great to film in 3D optimal image ferso recommend to anyone who likes the film still in HD ...
 Going into watching this one , I was completely convinced -LRB- having read other reviews -RRB- that I 'd hate it . Even a friend or two had told me that it was n't very good overall . Now that I 've seen it though , I 'm pretty sure we 're all watching completely different movies somehow.Dark Of The Moon manages to evoke a very wide range of emotions , and delivers in ways that the first two films failed to in any meaningful way . There is n't a mass amount of action in the first half of the film , and there 's the usual amount of cheesy drama and questionable plotholes . Outside of that , however , there is a serious powerhouse of a film.The comedy factor is purposely high while the tension is building . The cinematography is refreshing and unique , to say the least . The number of quotable lines amongst the script is stellar . Sound is as epically awe inducing as ever . And the action sequences toward the end of the film are immensely satisfying.Like I said , the film is n't perfect . The story forces the action to take a backseat for a while , some moments are stunning yet unrealistic , and a small number of the actors fail to shine as bright as the majority . But if you 're looking for an immersive bit of eclectic/action cinema , then this movie hits home on a great many levels . And I therefore highly recommend it !
 This movie is beyond epic ! Has an okay plot , good story , and well put together ! It also has VERY , VERY good battle scenes as well , and introduces a lot of cool characters -LRB- some have been of course brought from the previous TF movies -RRB- . I 'm nearly speechless of what more to say for this movie . My complaints
 Yeap !! Great 3D cover , nice box , great action movie , great sound , great movie effects and great bonus . You definitely must have this movie .
 Great film only downside is that Megan Fox was taken out of the picture with a bit of a lame explanation for it .
 This is a great movie lots of action and intrege . Being the third movie in the series i was afraid it was gon na be a flop but it was a great movie after all .
 Reason 4 star is I thought Megan Fox was a lot better and should have played the the part other than that it was better than the second one . there is a 10 dollar off coupon of the 3d version witch now they have in the copy we got . Sounds and looks great on home theater system lots of action .
 Got a kick out of the tiny Decepticon Bots . Really broke-up the fast-passed action with some good humor.The only thing that drove me nuts , was the non-life like action of the human bodies being tossed about constantly for more then five minutes . In real life , a quarter of a second of that much activity to the human body , and we 'd be spaghetti noodles . Drove me nuts waiting to see the bodies burst like zits . Another thing , the robots were shown bleeding red fluids & slobbering while yelling . Eh , not much of a fan of blood & guts , as it 's not really needed to tell a story , and disallows the younger kids from watching and learning from the story lines.Aside from this , gave it five stars as there are few good movies these days with a good plot line or lessons for the young to be learned . Also , good unique humor .
 This was an exciting movie that also included the traditional theme of good winning over evil -LRB- Autobots winning over Decepticons -RRB- .
 We 've always loved Transformers , so we had to get this item to complete our collection . We will buy any new ones that come out !
 love it i like the transformers movies this one just added to my setrented it to hear if the neg hype true but it was not so bought the blue ray to enjoy all the features
 Another Michael Bey hit . This Transformers wows with great special effects and great action . he autobots really rock in this one .
 This is the reason for HD TV 's to exist , to watch a movie like this with higher quality and sound that a theater . Just great , buy it if you are a fan , buy it if you love movies , buy it if you love HD , buy it if you have a TV and a couple of hours to enjoy a good action movie .
 It was in perfect condition , no skips either . I do n't remember if I bought it used or new but other way there were no problems .
 ignore the bad reviews on this one . 3d is the same as the movies , &#34; awesome &#34; . now i need more 3d movies
 I bought this also for my dad and the quality is superb , the movie showed flawless and he has watched it at the very least 15 times
 Totally loved the movie . We have all ready watched it twice . Would recommend it to anyone . Ca n`t wait until another Transformers is made .
 This is a terrific movie in 3D . You get a great experience and is a long movie well made . I hope Transformers 4 includes the Dinobots : -RRB-
 Wowww well done Michael Bay & Crew this one is really diffrent and for me Better than the First two ... ? Normally its Impossible but they really done it incl . finding a good backstory ... ? I just Watched it on my 3D Projector in 3D and I was very Impressed ... ? I hope they even make an forth Transformer in Future PHERHAPS Somehow Away from Planet Earth in 3D of course ... ? 5 Stars
 I am giving this 5 stars because it is just a great action movie . The plot may not be too deep , the love interest is silly -LRB- she keeps those heels on while being attached by giant sentient robots -RRB- , but you have Leonard Nimoy as the voice of one of the Transformers and the scene where the military jump in wingsuits and really cool . I guess what I 'm saying is that if you liked Transformers 1 and 2 , this one is more of the same -- fun action not deep drama .
 As I watch each of the Transformers movies , I find myself even more in love with the series !!! With each movie , its been great to see how Sam has grown . With this one it has more action and its setting up for the forth one . If you are a true fan , this is a must have to complete your collection !!!!!
 this is a must-own bluray . looks killer and sounds incredible . definitely a great way to show off your system and the story resonates with our current economic and political problems when it feels like evil has already won .
 For all the discs you get you ca n't beat the price . Best Buy was $ 15 higher for the same get up and this shipped for free . Moreover , the 3D is AMAZING !!!
 great movie , with a briliant image and amazing audio . I recommend for everyone you must see this movie most two hours of action , i waiting my purchase , transfotmers dark of the moon 3D
 The product is as advertised and I compared it to price in the store , and it was a great deal for this set . My son was thrilled !
 i was hoping to have this one , since it came out on theathers , it has great scenes in 3d and it is the great transformers movie , thank you verymuch
 I though this movie was the best I 've seen in a long time . The other two are great movies too .
 To each his own but let 's get something straight . Do n't try and sound like you 're more intelligent than you really are . Anyone that does n't like this movie , fine . I love it ! So do n't try and be super philosophical and deep about the movie and tell me and others we should n't like it . Every movie has it 's own appeal and goal . The one thing all movies should be trying to do is ENTERTAIN . It 's a movie , not a commentary on life and history . This movie is called Transformers . What I expect is giant robots going to war with one side good vs the evil side . In this movie , I got giant robots going to war with one side good vs one side evil . This is not Shakespeare , people . I was not disappointed , especially following the letdown of the 2nd one . I loved the little plot twists too like Sentinel betraying the autobots and the humans siding with Decepticon deal . The jokes were not over the top like Revenge and the action was STELLAR . Michael Bay knows how to do action and he amped it up to 1000 . And who needs Megan Fox ?
 THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE THE PERSON WHO I BOUGHT IT FOR JUST LOVED IT LIKE I SAID THE PERSON I BOUGHT THE TRANSFOMERS : DARK SIDE OF THE MOON IT IS BY FAR THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE THE MOVIE WAS 2DISC BLUE RAY / DVD COMBO + DIGITAL COPY GENE
 HelloI watched this movie for the very first time today ... yes , my first time with the movie . I held off for numerous reasons , one we had to get a new TV to replace our 2009 Sony LCD . That ended up being a Pansonic 55 '' GT30 Plasma with new Panasonic BDT210 BR player and 3Active 3D glasses . I started out with the 3D movie and thenwtched the normal BR after it .3 D Movie ... . as with most 3D movies you have to del with a slightly darker or toned down version from the normal BR due to the tint in the glasses . I changed my sets setting to `` Vivid '' with a some tweaks . Now some look at 3D as objects need to move forward and back to exprience it or enjoy it . If you 're looking for a movie throwing things at you to make you jump and grab do n't bother . It is there to add depth overall and not just motion . In some cases it 's better with some scenes than others . Think of Transformers and you think action and this movie doe n't disappoint in either action , sound and even 3D . There 's penty of standout scenes that provides the viewer with more `` depth '' than others . I for one did enjoy the 3D disc.For the normal BR I consider it almost reference quality ll the way around . You name it , it has it . For someone wanting to know how their TV or a set handles action and motion this BR will put it to the test . For anyone who has a calibrated TV this will also put the set to test in contrast , sharpness , color , details , texture and skin tones . The movie pretty much covers all the bases visually . For audio the True_HD 7.1 track is simply wicked and impressive with excellent surround , good center stage and solid low end . nothing short of a WOW factor.For some CGI can be either not enough or too much . It needs to be a happy balance of being real and not real yet make believers out of the viewers . If this has too much CGI , not real looking , or unbelievable or fake looking I can only imagine what they call Avatar . With any series of movies one has to expect upping the ante to outdo the previous one . Dark of the Moon does exactlly that by increasing the size , scope , scale of the battle , location , participants . You have real people , real locations , real items , real buildings , real interaction of surroundings with a good balance of CGI thrown in . The camera work and angles is quite impressive . And the detail of the Auto_Bots is simply stunning with the complex machinery and parts . It 's not like 75-80 % of the film is all CGI . Storyline is in line with the other Transformers movies with the main plot around good and bad Auto-Bots , national security on line with love and family issues in the mix . Overal a fun ride and a sight to behold.TV ... Panasonic 55 '' GT30 -LRB- calibrated with custom setting -RRB- BR Player ... Panasonic BDT2103D Galasses ... 3ActiveAVR ... Yamaha RX-V671Speakers ... Fronts > PSB 500i Century SeriesFront Support ... Boston 9000 MicroRear ... Boston 9000Sub ... Boston
 Another great action flick in the series . You 've got to see it on a large screen on Blu-ray to get the full effect , in my eyes . Enjoy !
 I just love the Transformer movies . There is great imagination and fun in all of them . This latest one takes the story just a bit farther than the last ones .
 It 's Transformers ... on BluRay ... what else would it be but AWESOME !!! Totally what we expected and it looks great on the LED 60 ' tv .
 I now have all three Transformers movies and each one gets even better ! The story and graphics are great . The movie kept me off my seat . I do n't always assume sequels for movies will be consistent and better . However , each sequel for Transformers have exceeded the previous sequel . I ca n't stop watching all of these movies . I love them .
 Loved this Movie , keep me at the edge of my seat.Great special effects , ca n't wait to watch it again and share it with friends
 I purchased all three Transformers movies and each one gets even better ! The graphics are unbelievable . The movie kept me off my seat . There was never a dull moment and it kept me entertained throughout the movie . It went so fast it was hard to believe it was really that long . Great sequel .
 Great Action Adventure with a really good plot and lots of great actors ! It will keep you sitting on the edge of your seat !
 Just wondering when they are coming out with the next movie hehe . Of the 3 in this trilogy , this is my son 's favorite .
 Although I have seen this movie several times , watching it again on Amazon , the viewing quality was very good ... HD was actually flawless , with no gitters .
 I bought this DVD to complete my Transformers collection . I was a little disapointed that they had to replace Megan Fox due to problems she had with director/producer , ??? . The new girl was cute and OK , but it would have been better with Megan . That 's the problem with sequels , some of the main characters in the 1st one are sometimes replaced and changes the whole aspect of the movie.It like changing Bruce Willis in the Die Hard movies or Michael J Fox in the Back to the Future movies , they wouldn ' i have been the same . .
 Ignore all the haters . It 's still giant robots from space fighting each other . Enough said . On par with the first movie and better than the second one .
 I have seen this movie countless times due to the fact that my 2year old is in love with robots . It is a good movie and great to watch , lots of action
 I love all the Transformer movies . Any people that have n't seen it , should watch it immediately . 5 Stars all the way
 Great movie series , fun to watch hope it continues with more sequels . This one was as good as the first ones .
 Ever since the first Transformer movie each installment of this story gets more exciting . Just when you think you 've seen it all , the writers hit another one out of the park . Great story ; love the special effects .
 You know doesnt matter if it is 1 to 3 its transformers an Im biased an will love it . Have seen probably 12 times already . got to love the graphics and wanting to know what else is next .
 Beyond the in-depth film analysis that you can find elsewhere , it should be noted to any and all considering adding this 3D bluray to their stereoscopic collection that the 3D is just outstanding . Michael Bay and the Paramount execs decided to film this flick in native 3D and what a great decision that was . The first scene depicting the autobots fleeing Cybertron is an absolute 3D spectacle in its own right -LRB- granted entirely CGI -RRB- . The depth contrast between the highly detailed Cybertron and the ships that surround it was a feast for the eyes . Another scene that comes to mind is the wing-suit team dropping in on Deceptacon occupied Chicago.It also does n't hurt that UPS did me a solid and delivered my copy a day ahead of the scheduled release so I was able to watch it a day before the rest of the country . What kind of Amazon prime member would I be if I did n't pay it forward with a 5 star review of the product?Avatar , watch out because you finally have competition in the live-action 3D realm !
 anand is a good boy . He is a rockstar . ji telangana . Hero , hero in , villain , comedian , babu rao , sattanna , chiru , nag , venky
 I love this movie ! The special effects are crazy and the storyline was interesting also . I highly recommend this movie .
 This dvd is excellent in quality . The action seems non-stoppable . Anyone who enjoys sci-fi , non stop action and great special effects will enjoy this movie .
 This video is incredible in 3D . It was a gift for a relative and he absolutely loves it . Viewed on a 3D TV and 3D BluRay player , it was just like going to a movie on the big screen .
 I like this movie , but i was bummed that megan fox was n't in it ! I dont care about her having attitude problems , she made part 1 and 2 belivable . I dont care too much for the victoria secret model .
 Just what I ordered . Very good movie a christmas present for my son . . He loves transformers . He will be so excited to get this movie
 Thanks for the great price and movie . It was really good . But of course I love the 1st one the best .
 I enjoyed watching this on 3D TV . The special effects are awesome . I like the bluray copy for 2D viewing on large screen projection as well . Wish 3D version was available for the first Transformers movie .
 Honestly , I was blown away with the 3D in this movie ! The 3D is almost as good as the 3D in Avatar . I have seen quite a few movies in 3D and this is my second all time favorite so far . It really draws you in and makes you feel like you are in the movie . It makes it look & feel so much more realistic . If you love 3d movies then you have to see this one ! Ca n't wait until the next one !!
 Look the studio wants consumers to buy the 2D version first , then the 3D release which is being purposely delayed.So I 'm Redboxing the Dvd until the 3D becomes reasonable -LRB- which will include the 2D too -RRB- .
 I ordered this movie used , but it was in new condition for far less money ! Loved all three of these movies !
 We were so glad to received this DVD to complete our set of Transformers . We spent the evening watching all 3 movies , one right after the other . It did make the story complete .
 Best Movie of the series by far . Especially on Blu Ray . Highly recommend this to any transformer fan . Plus with no megan fox it was even better .
 Unfortunately I had to return this movie . It was also a Christmas gift . Already had one . . My kids have one or I would have kept it . .
 I agree with a previous poster on the special features for this disc
 Wonderful movie . Great integration of original series in film . I grew up watching transformers as a kid and I love this movie . Great storyline . Surprising villian . Great special effects and makes you forget about Megan Fox real quick . Beatiful girl . A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 The movies get to me the same day they hit the stores and I dont have to drive to get them .
 Great product , great movie given as a gift looking for new items . So on So on So on So on
 I can not play this video on linux despite having a very fast computer with a very good nvidia graphics card . The video starts playing and then a retarded amazon notification pops up saying it ca n't play it because of my flash player and it is unfixable . Well if it started playing and then stopped due to a pop up that has to be DRM . Amazon you need to knock it off now.The movie is fine .
 Michael and I have been friends for almost 30 years now so naturally I got to see this before it comes out in theaters . If you are a fan of the Transformers series , or movies in general , you will not be disappointed . Some old favorites make their return in this one and once again the action is non stop and intense . Megan Fox 's replacement did not annoy me as much as I thought . I am a huge Megan Fox fan so I was very leery of her absence . All in all a wonderful movie going experience .
 It is going to blow your mind away . I know becouse who does not like transformers . I think this is going to be one of the best movies every made in the history of movies . I hope that lots of people go out to see it at thr movies . I lovve all the action and everything that happens .
 Whats to say , I watched it just to see Magan Fox . The plot was so filled with action that you could n't get up to get a beer unless you paused the movie .
 i have n't had a chance to watch it yet but the other one was great . and am looking to watch it real soon .
 The whole transaction went smoothly . Arrived within reasonable amount of time however have not had the time to watch the movie yet !
 This was a gift for our son-in-law that was on his wish list . It arrived in perfect condition and he is happy with it .
 Movie keeps actiion going thru the whole movie . I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants action packed entertainment .
 very awsome movie just like the other two hope they come out with another one that would be really cool
 this movie rocked ! While the first movie dealt with the beginning of the battle on earth and the second continued the fight , this one blew things out of the water with an all out war bringing characters from the beloved toyline like Shockwave and Sentinel Prime to life . The battles are all out impressive ad the chicago battle was the robotic version of black hawk down . This movie is a must see must have !!
 Transformers
 I went to see this movie in theaters as soon as it came out , and I was not disappointed ! The action scenes are fantastic and I really liked the story line . The only thing that was a bit of a let-down was ... no Megan Fox . I definitely preferred her compared to Rosie Huntington-Whiteley . But a great movie overall !
 Thing is , should this be a review for the movie , or review for the home version and it 's missing contents ? That is the question . I 'm giving this 5 stars for the movie alone , which was wonderful , just a bit long . Now I read the novel first , I wish I had n't . The novel was great , and the movie follows the books to a `` T '' . We follow the wanna-be conspiracy with what 's on the other side of the moon , Prime 's anger over this , and Sam 's story following the human interaction and deaths behind what the artifacts on the moon . We ca n't have Transformers without Decepticons working with a few humans . Where is Dr. Arkevil when you need him , eh Starscream ? Thing is , this movie is right up every Transformer fan who knows the G1 stories inside and out . The movie weaves the basic stories behind `` More than meets the eye '' and `` Megatron 's Master Plan '' perfectly . Funny thing is , in the cartoon , Megatron simply `` lifted '' Lincoln of his memorial and sat down in one of the old episodes ... not this new Megatron ! We finally see some new Transformer characters brought from the woodworks out of history from Sentinel Prime , Shockwave , and Laserbeak -LRB- who nearly steals the movie , in my opinion -RRB- . Plenty of action , and comedy , with enough seriousness that makes you think ... how ARE they going to end this ? Though we DO see the Twins in background of one scene and their `` death scene '' from the novel is oddly missing , while many either hate or love the Twins , they should have finished the scene or left it in . That part really `` redeems '' those characters for me -LRB- still like their fight against Devastator from the previous movie ... -RRB- . While the action is intense , the military does an amazing job -LRB- again ! -RRB- you just ca n't go wrong with the third installment . A lot of bang for your dollar here . The plot is fleshed out , where everything makes sense . A few twists here and there , whether they are unpredictable or very predictable . Many salutes to various G1 references all over the movie . As I own the BluRay version , the quality is very nice and crisp . Everything looks as real as it did in theater digitally . A movie I 'll watch over and over.Great movie , the 3D version is out now -LRB- still do n't have it -RRB- , but the BluRay standard does come with a $ 10 coupon good for many months for the 3D version if you want to upgrade ! I really do n't want the 3D -LRB- yet -RRB- , but when you buy DVD or BluRay you do expect extras , and there are none here . That was HOW the DVD market was originally handled when DVDs were even released originally over a decade ago , and we 're left with a great movie release with no extras ? I do n't think so . 3.5 stars for the product , 5 stars for the movie . They are milking it for all it 's worth in an economy that 's still hurting.Parents Cautioned
 I really liked the movie and i really hope this is the Last Transformers movie.I am only giving it 5 stars for the movie and not the price.I think that is to much for just one dvd which is not a blue ray copy.This price should go down to at least $ 15.00 yeah new movie but price for this nope.Transformers will be always cool , to me at least the three movies did come out good , I would wish they stop making movies from cartoons , Leave the cartoons alone .5 stars for the movie not the priceAlso in the movie , new actors , and new leading lady she was good , His parents had small parts which is good because in this movie they showed him more of a grown man.The scenes from the movies are cool , shot in Chicago and that is a cool city , Alos make you think of the cover ups that really did or did not happen on the moon , or why we went into space.So if you already have the other two movies get this third movie but try to find a lower price
 This is the best transformers movie ever . The fight scenes are better than ever , the special effects are top-notch and the finale is unforgettably epic . This movie must be seen . Revenge of the fallen was not realy good .
 HI Everyone , I was looking into the specs of this Bluray and it does n't say if it is a Multiregion Disc ? In the European site it says ... Multiregion .
 This was by far best of the three films and I liked every last one of them . Anyone who has something bad to say about it , is overly critical and takes themselves too seriously . It has a great story line , a perfect pace , excellent special effects , unexpected twists , tragedies and above par acting . I 'd watch the entire trilogy from start to finish without regret .
 A good part of the idea for this film is based on a novel of a similar title by Alan Dean Foster as well as the 80s TRANSFORMERS TV show . There are some interesting ideas in here that made it more intriguing than the last movie . There are also a number of known actors and actresses who showed up to play supporting or tiny roles -LRB- i.e. John Malkovich , Frances McDormand , Ken Jeong and the voice of Leonard Nimoy as Sentinel Prime -RRB- . In certain parts the story is good but in others it falls apart or has issues , especially when the love interest compels Megatron -LRB- come on , that is n't much of a spoiler if you watched the trailers or just know how these things work -RRB- and when Optimus Prime gets his second wind . I felt a tad ripped off with the Bee incident but I get a lot of kids are watching this and wanted it to go another way so I grudgingly understand . I did have some secret fun in yelling to my date `` He 's no McDreamy now ! '' but you have to have watched this movie and know GREY 'S ANATOMY to get that reference . Megan Fox was said to have not been invited back by Bay after comparing his work methods to Adolf Hitler . Too bad because the new love interest got criticized even more than Fox . Shia LaBeouf said he would not do a fourth installment and some say that convinced Michael Bay to drop out of the franchise . Look for several Star Trek references . This film cost $ 195M to make and yielded over $ 1.1 B at the box office . Several novels and a video game were spun off of this film . It had several nominations from the 2011 Teen Choice Award . CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE
 Movie was definitely better then the second one but not too far from it . I wish it had more content but it did n't have no extras at all . It was nice of them to add the dvd/dc combo to the packaging to get an advantage on the pricing . I did n't get a chance to watch it in theaters , but am glad I own all the transformers on blu-ray ...
 Let 's be honest , I do n't think too many thought the second Transformers movie was all that great . Even so , alot weighed on this Transformers movie to succeed ... and succeed it did . Michael Bay took a different approach with Transformers
 This item was suppose to contain a digital copy but it only has a Blu-ray and a DVD disk . The digital disk was not included , from the package and from your advertising it was suppose to be included . What happened ?
 People complain so much about the Transformer movies . Either you like it or you do n't . Get over it ... This movie has a lot of cool special effects and robots fighting , sounds pretty simple and true to what Transformers has always represented.Also , for the 3-D bluray complaints , yeah that is all marketing , but at least they do include the $ 10 off the 3-D combo pack in the future . Who knows , some people might give those to friends down the road , so ask around at least .
 I love Amazon.com but this is $ 2 cheaper at Best Buy ! Check your local newspaper ads for this weekend . Amazing movie as we saw it in Imax 3-D so I expect another version to be released at a future date .
 Now this is how you make a summer blockbuster movie ! The action is so epic and it never stops . The visuals are insane and breath-taking . It has those hilarious moments , and even Mr. Chow from The Hangover gives a great cameo . It 's a much darker film and not entirely kid-friendly . I 'm sure anyone that grew up with the cartoon in the 80 's would love it . Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is a newcomer this time playing Carly , Sam 's new love interest . If you do n't dwell on it , you probably wo n't miss Megan Fox.The Autobots have formed an alliance with the U.S. . They soon find out why they originally sent Apollo 11 to the moon in 1969 , to discover a Cybertronian ship piloted by Sentinel Prime carrying pillars called The Ark. . Optimus revives Sentinel and is immediately betrayed by one of his own . Sentinel and Megatron team up and try to bring their planet ; Cybertron to earth . It 's up to Sam , Carly , Lennox , Epps and the Autobots to defeat the Decepticons once and for all . I highly recommend TRANSFORMERS
 FYI
 when you can make life a little easier with a movie than this is a real good movie to watch ...
 The dvd i recieved was on time and played very well , i like the franchise and im glad i added it to my lib .
 The movie is exactly what I expected . The feature film on both Blu Ray and DVD . However , there are no special features with this edition . From my understanding , there will be an additional edition of the movie coming out that includes 3-D and special feature discs .
 I have a question for the continuity people ... I liked the rest of the movie , but was upset to see one thing ... why is `` Eagle 's '' ascent stage still on the moon when the autobots go to visit the wreckage ? I mean , come on , guys ... any 60 's space buff would have noticed that error ...
 Michael Bay 's third installment of `` Transformers '' is worth every penny , even if all you want to do is show off your surround and high-definition setup , especially due to its astounding 7.1-channel Dolby TrueHD audio and relentless action scenes . To the story in a minute , but first , the sound is a big deal because few big pictures as of the end of 2011 are filmed in 7.1 . The difference between 7.1 and the 5.1 that your ears are used to is mind blowing , assuming you have a 7.1 system . It fills all the corners of your listening space freakishly well , putting even the subtlest sounds in the corners of the room , behind the couch , under the couch . The movie gives you crystal clear stereo transitions and sounds that seem to snake around you , moving from one speaker to the next . Sounds are where they should be , and they can surprise you . Simply put , this is one of the richest sound experiences you can get in a movie , even without 7.1 I 'd wager.Now , that story I promised . If you think `` Dark of the Moon '' is a rehashing of the same old stuff , you 're not completely wrong . But the elements that made the first two movies work were pretty good . The Decepticons are back again with a plot to take over the world , and it 's up to Sam and the Autobots to shut them down . Rounded characters and glimpses into the `` Transformers '' universe keep things interesting . Shia LaBeouf and the actors who portray his parents gel as well as ever , with Sam the ever-geeky comic with heart . And the guys wo n't be able to take their eyes off his girlfriend . Nearly every character has a motive and compels the story forward , and once it gets going , the action seems to never end . Bay takes us to the brink of Earth 's destruction like never before . Perhaps there are only so many ways a robot can spin , dodge and attack another robot , but it never stops being fun to watch , especially with Bay 's cinematic standards , with visuals so sharp and contrasty they almost hurt your eyes and animations that are still dumbfounding . You 'll want to watch it again.In perspective , if this had been the first `` Transformers , '' it would have been even more mind blowing . But if you ca n't walk away somehow enriched from some of the best visuals and audio on the planet , a compelling and fast-moving -- if not a bit complicated -- story , some of the most intense action ever , and the biggest-hearted robots in the universe , maybe movies are n't for you .
 I loved one and two and this one had a lot of new things and those guys flying off the building was great . really cool movie
 Great ending to the Transformers trilogy , making up for the subpar Revenge of the Fallen . It looks and sounds great on my home theater , and is the perfect movie to have in Blu Ray !
 Got this at a great deal and loved the movie . It 's nice that I can watch it on my iTouch anytime and not on Flixster under restrictions .
 I thought this would be 3 DVDs . 1 blueray , 1 DVD & 1 digital . it contains 1 blueray & 1 DVd . No digital copy . If i am mistaken , to me it sounds like there should be 3 copies not 2 . I guess the digital copy is the same as the DVD ? I/m not up to to speed with this . So explain it to me . it was packages great.Thank you
 Transformers continued to keep pace and quality of the earlier releases . Great special effects and interesting storyline . All-in-all a fun movie to watch .
 Both the French and German Amazon site have the 3d Blu-Ray edition to be release in February 2012 , One has the 9th , the other has the 15th .
 I was able to take advantage of the 12.99 price on this , which is incredible for what you get . It 's a good movie , and I 'll definitely take advantage of the digital copy as well .
 Great movie but no special features on it . Once I opened that movie I noticed that there is a $ 10off coupon for the 3D version that is coming out with special features .
 great movie , but too much sweraing in it!great action screanes , are they giong to bring back megatron as galvatron we should also see unicron
 My husband and I like these movies so I got this one for him for Christmas last year ...
 Product was as described and advertise arrive on time or within the promise arrival time , totally satisfied with my purchase , Price was good
 I loved the first two movies so I had high hopes for this one . The good news
 This review is for the 3D bluray version of the movie . First of all what is with all of the negative reviews ? I am a long time fan of the original cartoons but come on people it is 2012 not 1980s . Changes had to be made for a live action version of the series . A great continuation of the series . If you have a problem with the acting remember you are not watching The Godfather or Shawshank Redemption . This movie has plenty of action , humor , and suspense . Top it off with the 3D and you have the best Transformers Dark of the Moon experience ever . I watched the movie about 5 times now . First time in the theater -LRB- Real 3D -RRB- and then on bluray . Now that I have watched it again in 3D from a home set up all I have to say is , WOW . An entirely new experience makes an already great movie even more awesome . A must have , even if you already have the regular non 3D bluray , it IS worth the upgrade -LRB- I did -RRB- .
 Got exactly what I wanted and more . Seller upgraded my shipping for free -LRB- without me asking ! -RRB- so I recieved movie LOADS faster than expected . Since this is a Christmas gift I can only assume it plays well :-RRB- it is new so I can assume all is well with it . I will be shopping again with this seller !
 A great smash em up movie -LRB- as usual for transformers -RRB- with michael bay directing proceedings . Hope they make T4 to end it all , I 'M CERTAIN that there are still some decepticons to smote somewhere on earth .
 Dark of the Moon is another good addition to the Transformer series . Really liked the technical effects . Definitely recommend for its entertainment value .
 Great Buy . One of the best ones . What a way to go out with a bang . Amazon is the best place to go to buy Blu-rays .
 All of these transformer movies are awesome . Kinda miss Meagan Fox though . Love having the digital copy , very convenient . I really enjoyed seeing the Nascar cars in the movie .
 This version has PT-BR subtitles but no extras enough ! = -LRB- Really nice movie ! Well directed but a little bit too long with 154 minutes but if you like sci-fi movies you ca n't lose this one !
 This is an enjoyable science fiction actioner , with a fairly plausible plot for this type movie . It also has excellent acting , both the live actors and the voice acting for the Transformer robots . Only beef is that it 's language makes it inappropriate for tweens and pre-teens . Overall , excellent for adults and recommended .
 A pure joy to watch with its many special effects . It is a true master piece that will keep you on the edge of your seat .
 Sit back and relax ... do n't worry to much about the storyline or other flawed . . Just chill out , get entertain and be marveled at the huge amount of state of the art special effects thrown into this movie.A must have for an ultimate family get together entertainment ...
 This Blue-ray has great picture and sound , plays awesome on my 46 '' LED LCD . I could n't ask for anything more .
 It 's what can be expected ! Great motion and picture . Sound is outstanding . This and Avatar are on the same level .
 I did n't have any problem with this it item . The box had the correct size and I received the item ontime
 This movie looks just as good at home as it did in theater . A must for anyone into any generation of transformers
 My youngest to my oldest love to pop this movie in . Great visual effects and computer graphics ... great theme and very entertaining .
 This was good series ender , still in line with the other two and lot 's of action . New girl , cuter than Megan possibly .
 I already had the DVD version and wanted to see it in 3D . There are a few scenes where things pop out at you , but the overall depth of the video was less than what I was expecting . I 'm still glad I purchased it in 3D and have watched it twice since owning it . I watched it on a LG Plasma with active 3D glasses .
 We love watching this movie at home . It never gets old and I ca n't wait to watch it over and over again .
 Excellent Scifi movie for the whole family ! Absolutely fun to watch with kids . The story on the human side is a little weak but everything else is good .
 Another epic battle of good versus evil . Mc Steamy plays the bad guy and does it well.Our hero is left to fend for himself after saving the world twice but is unable to disclose that classified info . The job hunt is brutal for our unsung hero . His new GF is whole-heartedly behind her her man as hat in hand he braves the tough job market . He stumbles into a deceptacon plot to enslave mankind and is once again tasked with selflessly defending humanity as well as saving the girl . Bravo for making part three every bit as compelling as it 's precursors !
 Beyond the in-depth film analysis that you can find elsewhere , it should be noted to any and all considering adding this 3D bluray to their stereoscopic collection that the 3D is just outstanding . Michael Bay and the Paramount execs decided to film this flick in native 3D and what a great decision that was . The first scene depicting the autobots fleeing Cybertron is an absolute 3D spectacle in its own right -LRB- granted entirely CGI -RRB- . The depth contrast between the highly detailed Cybertron and the ships that surround it was a feast for the eyes . Another scene that comes to mind is the wing-suit team dropping in on Deceptacon occupied Chicago.It also does n't hurt that UPS did me a solid and delivered my copy a day ahead of the scheduled release so I was able to watch it a day before the rest of the country . What kind of Amazon prime member would I be if I did n't pay it forward with a 5 star review of the product?Avatar , watch out because you finally have competition in the live-action 3D realm !
 3rd Transformer movie brilliant in 3D . The images and colours on blu ray show the movie to its full effeect . Sound on dolby digital perfect . Worth buying for a fun packed couple of hours .
 Was mildly entertained by the first two films . The third installment I really enjoyed . It seemed more organized then the first two -LRB- or maybe by the third movie I was adjusted to the visuals -RRB- . Really entertaining .
 Transformers
 This is an amazing package !! For that kind of money , 4 discs ??!! You will not get anything better . It is a must if you are a fan !!
 My family and I really enjoyed the Transformers
 Hi ... I 've got this blu-ray last week , everything is okay , except for the digital copy which is not good . I did apply on the web but I assume it 's not working here in south america -LRB- OFF AMERICA -RRB- . So far I 'm not able to watch a few 3D bluray movies in my home theater . Let 's see , I got a 3D bluray player -LRB- Samsung BDD6500 -RRB- , the 3D bluray movie and a BenQ projector MW512 -LRB- which is 3D READY -RRB- . In fact , the issue is the projector , I do n't think is 3D ready ... any thoughts about this `` little '' problem I 'll appreciate it !!!
 great movie stunning on blueray and surround sound !! i would recommend this to anyone looking for a great action movie with great visual effects !
 If you are looking for something to show off your home theater , this is the one . Best audio I 've heard by far . I like the sound that comes out of my back speakers as much as I like the fronts , and this has sound whipping all around the room . It looks great too .
 The movie was all we expected , and the 3d was just that much better . definitly worth the money . I was very pleased with my purchase .
 Michael Bay does not make Shakespeare . Still the drama and action of this title made for a good popcorn flick .
 We went to the Imax 3-D opening of this movie with GRAND expectations . We were NOT disappointed ! This movie IS AMAZING and a MUST SEE for ANY Transformer fans ! You will be at the edge of your seat at times , and laughing out loud at others . The fact that Megan Fox was not in this movie left us a little guarded but she was n't even needed ... lol . The story line is amazing , the characters that we know and love * or hate * are at their best and the introduction of new robots is amazing ! Go see it ! Go buy it ! You wo n't regret it !!! * Autobots RULE *
 As a fairly new fan of the `` Transformers '' fandom , I eagerly watched one and two before going to see the third . I found the first one extremely enjoyable , but absolutely hated the second . I see how the story was necessary to set up the third , but the rather painful quality of two made me somewhat apprehensive going into the third.The first thing that struck me about the third was the opening sequences . The space race between the US and the Soviet Union has always fascinated me , and seeing the story opened with footage about it to introduce the `` dark of the moon '' made my expectations take a very large leap . I was extremely excited to see where the movie went next.I knew that Megan Fox 's character had been replaced , which I admit made me happy . I never liked Mikeala , but I did very much like Carly . She was engaging , strong without being overbearing , and -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- far prettier and more suited to Sam 's character . The actress did seem a little wooden in spots , but once she found her footing in the story and with her co-star , she did an excellent job integrating herself into an established universe . The movie also gave a believable reason for Mikaela 's absence without slowing down the story.Another thing that I enjoyed about the third movie more than one or two was the fact that there seemed to be an actual storyline , and they stuck through it . You could tell that the movie was driving itself toward an ultimate point , and though the special effects were just as spectacular as the others -LRB- perhaps even better ! -RRB- , it was not the focal point of the movie . It complimented the plot , instead of overpowering it . Also introduced in this movie was the autobot who was at one time Optimus Prime 's mentor , voiced by Leonard Nimoy . It was quite fascinating to see the character who shaped Optimus and turned him into the autobot that he was throughout the first two movies , and into this one . The movie also kept up the humor throughout , which at some points was direly needed since `` Dark of the Moon '' has a darker and more serious tone than the preceding two . The plot of the third movie was also able to stand somewhat on its own , though familiarity with the first two movies made it clear to see how events in them were making those in the third bring everything together in a climax that was truly breathtaking.The final thing that made this movie truly enjoyable was the score . The first two had wonderful pieces of music , but on the whole `` Dark of the Moon '' far outshone the other two . The score could stand on its own , but at the same time it complimented the movie and enhanced the action and romantic scenes . The music told a story of its own , weaving deeper emotions into those already evoked by what was happening on screen.In conclusion , I give this movie five out five stars for being the best of the trilogy by a landslide .
 i thought the action in this one was unbeleivable and just pure great . this is another movie that critics should just not give a review on . the acting is not the greatest but i am a fan of Labouf and the rest of the cast and i dont care what anyone else thinks but hes my favorite actor of my generation . this movie is mostly about the action the storyline is the same as the first two the dicepticons are trying to destroy the earth but Bay takes his skills to the next step and kicks some a ** in these great CGI scenes . i wont go to far into it but this movie is something fun to watch where you root for the good guys thats it period i would love to see another one but i just dont see it happening Bay has said that himself but if he does do one wait a few years not two like the two before this one . GET THIS I WILL ! TRANSFORMERS 3 RULES !!!
 Let me say this from the start
 Amazing action ! Amazing 3d ! Nothing wrong with the script or humour as the critics say there is . Nothing wrong with the Second film ! Great way to end the series !
 I LOVED IT ! It was about 2 hours long and was LOADED with action and CGI , and seeing this one in 3D added to the dimensionality of the movie . The movie begins with a recap and then about 5-10 minutes historical clips of Kennedy , Nixon , and Cronkite from the NASA Moon Program . Pretty cool , I thought . It seems as though there was other activity on the moon , before we got there . Sentinel Prime and ship crashed there long ago , a mere 250 million miles from earth . Sentinel Prime was the `` guy '' who taught Optimus Prime.Back on earth , our hero -LRB- Shia Labeof -RRB- is living with a gorgeous girl . He got a really nice medal for saving the world but is currently unemployed . The Autobots have formed an alliance with the government and are helping our allies with peacekeeping efforts , the whole time keeping their bot-eyes out for the Decepticons.Finally ! -- I have seen a movie where 3D mattered . -LRB- In their rush to make 3D movies lately , most of them seem as though the 3D just did n't add much . -RRB- I also thought the vulture robot was awesome . The little bad-mouthed jive robots are also awesome and get to play some contribute-to-save-the-world parts . The battles are awesome with tons of action . The combination of the stunts plus the CGI is just incredible -LRB- e.g. people sliding down outside a tall glass building while it is toppling over . -RRB- There is intermittent humor and some appropriately placed music . The parents return for a few brief comments here and there and to provide advice to our hero on love . Patrick Dempsey plays a rich dude and John Malkovich plays a weird boss . I will definitely watch this again.And the highway chase ... well , it 's optimum-prime , Dude !
 `` Transformers
 This product was exactly what I expected . Great quality and is one of my favorite movies . I could n't pass up the great price either !
 THe young man I bought this for as a Christmas gift has watched this twice already since receiving it . Thank you Amazon
 The movie came and worked just as described , to the internet I could download the movie trailer . I have no complaints .
 The autobots are now a part of the human military complex , and are threatened by the decepticons , who want to bring their world to earth . The autobots will be eliminated and humans will be their slaves . The autobots team with Sam Witwicky to save human civilization from destruction . The visuals in this film are absolutely stunning , and I was actually grabbed by the storyline in the film . It was interesting to see if the autobots would be able to fend off their bitter rivals . Sam Witwicky is still likeable , as is his new girlfriend . The 3D effect benefits this one , as the non-stop action really comes alive . This is good escapist entertainment .
 One of the things that people make a mistake on is that these transformers movies do not and i repeat do not follow a story the way a normal triogy does . these movies while i love them and hope to see another transformers movie in the future the movies play out like full length live action animated features films and to me that is what they are . this new movie in my opinion has no connection to the other transformerss movies and that is how people should look at this new movie and the second transformers movie revenge of the fallen they are just another transformers movie . believe me this movie is worth checking out .
 Slick and badass is a good way to describe the movie . If you have seen the other two movies , you know what to expect
 Was purchased as a gift for nephew . He was very happy with the gift and enjoyed the movie . He has all the Transformer movies .
 The product arrived to my hands in optimal conditions , and the waiting time was less than expected , even less than what they told me it was going to be
 I purchased 2 of this item as Christmas gifts for 2 of my grandsons . They have both watched it more than once and have thoroughly enjoyed it . I did not have any problems with my order . It was received in a timely manner , and in the condition promised .
 I do n't really have a favorite out of the three - this one has a few slow parts but the action scenes are pretty amazing .
 What can I say great movie , puchased for 16 year old wanted for ipod touch do n't know if he has loaded the digital copy yet but we have watched the blu-ray .
 Could not find this movie at the stores where I live , but sure found it on Amazon . This movie was a gift to my daughter for Christmas and I got it way ahead of time and she loved it .
 My son got this DVD as well as Part 2 , and he was in heaven . He loves Transformers and watched this movie the first night he got it . It came brand new in sealed plastic wrap and was shipped quickly .
 Great movie in the series , Transformers 3 is just as good as the two before . Item was sent from Amazon with no problems at all . Thanks !
 Another great Transformer movie . If you liked the first two Transformer movies , you 'll like this one as well . Several events from actual world history are worked into the story line early on , which makes the movie a little more interesting . Also , there is a twist about halfway through that you wo n't see coming , but it too makes the movie more interesting .
 Outstanding movie ! Completely enthralling , excellent comedic sequences ... I was completely engulfed in all of the characters , their stories are interesting and touching & funny . I could n't wait to see what happened next . Everything that I love in a good movie together in this one .
 I 've been into director 's commentaries and making of featurettes since they first started coming out on DVD 's in the late 90 's -LRB- The Matrix and Wargames come to mind for excellent commentaries -RRB- . I 've found that there is diminishing returns on these.Pretty much all the featurettes are worthless for new movies . Actors running around in front of blue/green screens and graphic artists sitting in front of computers are pretty much all the same . It 's mostly boring stuff that might be watched once . They were cool when DVD was new and this stuff was fresh . But now , except for the true classics -LRB- original Star Wars trilogy -RRB- , are n't even worth the time to watch . Transformers is n't going to have anything worth the time to even surf through . I 've seen the features on the first two movies deluxe sets and they were n't anything worth watching.As for commentaries , these are sometimes very good . But this is only true for certain directors/producers for certain types of material -LRB- Donnie Darko for instance , Zack Snider also does a good job -RRB- . Michael Bay 's commentaries are generally worthless , where he just comments on how he likes some scene or how something looks totally awesome . Really , who cares , so he liked his own movie.Basically , this blu-ray has great picture and sound . That 's all that people on the whole really want for this release . There is n't going to be some extended release later , so this is n't Avatar or Lord of the Rings `` bare bones . '' This is the movie.So go buy it if you like big popcorn action/sci-fi , it 's a decent film , with spectacular special effects . I strongly doubt any of the rumored future versions with special features will add much of value . What they will have is a higher price tag .
 Transformers-Dark Side of the Moon is very good.The action is exciting and nearly continueous , Shia Labeouf is as intense and girl screaming funny as last time.The special effects-the Transformers same as before , FANTASTIC !!! Unfortunetly , my favorite honey was replaced , Megan Fox !!! But , not to worry , the new girl is at least as hot , a bit leggier , blond hair , but over inflated lips!The first T-movie , I gave it 5 stars , the next one-4 .5 stars , this last one gets 4 stars.If you liked the other Transformers movies , that you should like Dark Side of the Moon!Enjoy .
 Hey listen . What 's not to like about any Transformers movie ? I have bought , viewed , and loved all three movies . I look forward to the next one !
 thank you for the movie . i think it is better than the first . i would recoment it to everyone to get it . it is one of the best movies there is on the market today .
 Regarding the product
 We are really into the Transformers series . The two disc combo set is great as we can watch it either way .
 Thank you for getting the Tranformer
 This is my favorite of the trilogy . It has great action and is not slow starting . Hopefully they decide to produce a fourth movie .
 I love this movie it has me waiting for the next TF4.I know that it had been number one for a long time .
 The delivery was prompt . The movie is an excellent source of entertainment . Action packed . I hope they make another one in a few years .
 We saw this movie in the theater and we liked it so when it came out on dvd we had to have it . My 10 year old granddaughter liked it , too . This movie was delivered in less than 7 days , which was great .
 I love this movie . There was some excellent action and a blood pumping score ! The actors were n't to bad either . Shia does a great job as Sam . Rosie Huntington Whitely is hot and charming . The Voice actors deserve Oscars ! Peter Cullen is amazing as Prime ! Lenard Nimoy is excellent as Sentinel -LRB- The bastard -RRB- . And all others voice actors did excellent ! Dark of the moon is a fun action movie but serious at the time and it works ! It one problem was the ending and the story . THe ending was rushed and the story was weak and has holes here and there . Other than those 2 things a great addition to the action movie genre and the transformers universe .
 How can this have reviews when it does n't even release until 1/31/12 ??? Seems kinda funny to me that this 3D version has reviews when it is n't even on the market yet .
 Great movie my son liked it better then the previous one . More action . I think he has viewed at least 10 times if not more .
 I LOVED this movie !! I had n't seen it until I purchased the video and it was awesome !! Transformers delivers once again . I would definitely recommend it : -RRB-
 The purchase was very easy , and it shipped quickly ; I had it in 2 days . Product was brand new so was in great condition . The product ... excellent !
 have all of them now . . was a good movie . . only part that sucked was them replacing sam 's girlfriend w/someone else . . other than that it 's filled w/lots of action and all those Autobots . .
 I am so glad I got this Transformers Video for my younger brother he is going to love it and it is in brand new condition . Thank you for this great Christmas present at a great rate !
 Loved it ! I 'm a big fan of the first two , so I was really surprised to find this one to be better than either of the previous ones .
 Outstanding ! PQ and AQ are 5x5 , and earn my highest accolades . Michael Bay really pulled out the stops on this one , so do n't blink ! Only downside on this release is the lack of special features .
 Product as described the quality was great no complaint about it . I would recommend this product . Price was good too .
 i must say , i loved this one the most . better girl actor than megan fox in this one . this movie has alot of eye candy and alot of action scenes . loved it !
 Have n't watched in 3d yet , but we all loved it at the movies , do n't know what was up with Megan Fox picking Cowboys and Aliens over this movie . Even though it was a good movie it just did n't have that iconic childhood following to be a blockbuster . This is a must have in your collection .
 So for all of you people saying this movie was bad take a step back and look at what you are watching . This is a Hollywood Movie made for an audience who loves Explosions , Cars , Guns , Sexy Women , and a simple story line . This movie was not made to be realistic it is a SCI FI movie . Just pop some corn watch it and enjoy . Way better than the Notebook or any other chick flick out there .
 This is best movie ever in my opinion !! However I am a true Transformer fan so I am biased . This came extremely fast and well packed .
 The action is non stop in this movie -- little long and the new female lead is okay her acting was poor , good that she did n't have a lot of speaking . But great action movie to get into !
 All received in great condition . Entertaining ... looking forward to MW taking over . Like the series . Effects were great . I would recommend to anyone who likes sci fi
 I Love all Transformers movies so far . I am a huge Fan of Transformers . I have owned the previous two on Blu-ray and I bought this last one on Black Friday 's deal . If you are a Fan of Transformers BUY this especially on Blu-ray . It is worth it ; -RRB-
 Action packed . great humor and it is just an overall action packed roller coaster of fun that is guaranteed to keep everyone in the family entertained .
 This reminds me of my childhood . &#34; Transformers , more than meets the eye ... &#34; This keeps me young . Loving this . Some people may say do n't make another , but I hope they do .
 Grandson loved this ... Also got him a transformer to go with the movie . A big hit for any ` transformer ' fan . Thanks
 as always the special effects were mind-bogglingly cool , but the plot had so many twists and turns that it was impossible to follow . so we ignored the &#34; why &#34; and just had a good old romp with Bumblebee and friends . The Blue Ray DVD is spectacular to look at and more then makes up for lack of plot .
 i love it cuz it was fast delivery and my son wanted this as a movie night to add with the other two he has and plus the movie was in good condition and i was ok with it not having a case cuz the case to me is collecting dust and when you have a disc you can add inthe dvd book sleeve
 This is a great combo . It 's pretty much 3 movies for the price of one . You get your Blu ray for home and 2 more dvds for the go . My son is going to love this for X-mas . A great deal for sure !
 Super happy with this 3d version . Looks great and sound is too ! I would buy again for sure ! Thanks !! No issues here .
 Buy this movie !! Meant to be seen in Blu-ray !! Intact packaging . . was n't too in a hurry to get it in the mail
 I very much enjoyed the movie ! The graphics was amazing and effects was awesome . The story will draw you in to the adventure of how , why , and when everything really started .
 I really enjoyed this movie . It had alot of action and kept me entertained through out . I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys action movies !
 Im a huge fan of Transformers since I can recall , I even have to tattoos . And the movie in 3D is awesome , I just bought a LG 47LW6500 and a 3D BD player ... what else can I say
 Loved it the 3d effects were great on my tv ... I think this is the best one of the series so far . . I have a LG LX6500 and a sony 3d blueray player and a yamaha RX-V571 receiver .
 I ordered this movie from Amazon in good condition . If I need any movies I will order from Amazon again .
 Excellent video , true to the Autobot story . I missed Megan Fox but her replacement was a great Actress and easy on the eyes ! I hope the series does n't loose steam and die !
 The vendor mailed the movie quickly and it was new and the movie was great . Will order other movies from vendor .
 Forget what the naysayers reviewed . It brought me back to my childhood . I thought it had a good enough plot . Action was outstanding , and Optimus Prime 's voice is the same as when I was a kid some 25 years ago . Those bits of nostalgia coupled with modern day CGI fulfilled this geek . And what were you expecting Shindler 's List ? L.A. Confidential ? The first time you saw Sixth Sense ? It 's mindless fun and this fanboy was all for it .
 This is one badass movie . The cgi is spectacular . The 3d is not that great , but the action is crazy , it never stops . Cant wait for Transformers 4 . Keep up the great work !
 Item was delivered quickly I got a great price , and item is in mint condition . It works flawlessly and everything is accounted for . Nothing appears missing and 0 damage . Great movie !
 You know going in what you are going to get with a Michael Bay flick ... lots of explosions and copious hot chick butt shots . You certainly get that here . However , it does seem like he has taken the criticisms from the last two movies -LRB- and part 2 in particular -RRB- to heart . In this movie , you dont get lost in the combat scenes , for example . Also , where he went more Wild West for the battles , in this movie , the Transformers use more martial arts and medieval knight styles in the combat sequences . It worked quite well.Emotionally , there was also more a draw in this movie . The comedic scenes were plentiful , and i laughed often throughout the movie . Also , when Ironhide dies , and when Bumblebee gets captured , you cant help but get a little choked up.Megan Fox 's replacement was equally hot , so no drop off there ... and , much like the cartoons , while Megatron is a bad ass as a rule , he has moments where he seems quite frail . If you remember the old cartoons , there were moments of cowardice for him . Here , there arent , but there are moments of weakness.I dont understand all the negative reviews here really . If you are expecting an oscar worthy movie , you shouldnt be watching this to begin with . If , however , you go in just expecting a fun and fast romp , i dont see how you could be disappointed . Also , for now at least , the reviews for the DVD . Blue Ray , and Rentals are all being thrown together . So ... read a few before you make a decision . They arent reviewing the same things .
 Not just because of the 3D , but because this is the version where they made an effort to optimize the picture ! They released this on blu ray like like avatar was released . First they release the movie without any optimization and special features . Which means the picture looks better than DVD but not the best that blu ray can be . -LRB- which means a grainy looking picture that looks like the characters are in a sandstorm and there is a lack of detail that you expect in a blu ray -RRB- . The they make the limited edition which is made the way a blu ray is supposed to be down . So if you are wondering which one to choose , this is the one you want ! All the features with the visuals to boot !
 I really liked the first Transformers movie , but the second one was only so-so . So , I was n't quite sure what to expect from this third one . I suppose I thought it would be better than the second , but worse than the first . Man , I am so glad I was wrong . This is an awesome movie , definitely on-par with the first one . I honestly do n't know which one I like more , this one or the first one ? Anyway , this is an awesome movie . The action is beyond great , and while some people say the story was n't great I disagree I thought it was quite good . If you liked the first Transformers movie , then you 'll like this one . A huge step-up from the second and rivaling the first . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 See I have n't watched the other transformers films yet i fully understood this one which was a proof its a simple story line just done well . I thought the plot was good , the blu ray was well worth the money and i like the average DVD in case my TV is taken i can watch it on my lap top . I would give this five stars except it was a predictable film -LRB- similar to super hero movies excluding Thor which was very unpredictable -RRB- . Overall i enjoyed the movie and I have no regrets about buying it .
 Out of all 3 films , this is the best . Its a bit on the long side but it is an extremely good movie . Some of the scenes gave me chills because of the perfect placement , visuals , and the music to add the gravity to the scene . No special features which was disappointing , but the film itself is worth it . On blu ray the movie looks great and sounds beautiful.Easily 5 Stars .
 I 'm sooo sorry if you other people do n't like the movie but I would give this badass movie a Five star ratting ~ ! :D just because it 's AWESOME ~ ! :D I cried when Ironhide was killed by Sentinel -LRB- that afthole -_- # -RRB- and when he was doubled teamed by Optimus and Megatron was just ... just . . AWESOME ~ ! ;D < - tear of joy
 I love this movie and I love this franchise . Each movie keeps getting better and better . I 'm glad the got rid of Meaghan 's Fox .
 I recently picked up a copy of Transformers 3
 I thought the movie was great , but I do n't think it 's something that my 6 year old son should see . The first one was okay , and the second one was borderline , but this one is a little too violent .
 The advances in movie making are just astounding - They make it seem so real - like you are there and anything is possible . - Second best in my book the best was the first one .
 This movie was epic ! I really loved all of the fight scenes and I enjoyed all of the new Autobots ! Autobots all the way ! The new girl really added a new dimension to the movie and I was glad that it was someone other than Megan Fox this time !
 Acting was forced and overboard at times . Special effects was just too overboard , overpowering the senses at times . Story was wishy washy .
 Not quite the same as 3D in theaters , but still a great movie . Would recommend to anyone who likes action movies .
 As the third installation of the transformers franchise , director Michael Bay really stepped it up when he filmed this movie . The action sequences are so complicated , it 's hard to believe a person could envision this . Acting was n't as great as past movies so that 's why I give it 4 stars
 Awesome movie , incredible picture quality , a must-see for any fan of the movies or the original animated series there is no comparison between blu-ray and standard dvd picture quality with a movie of transformers dark of the moon 's calibur .
 I thought it was a good movie . I grew up watchig transformers . Its nice to see it brought to the big screen .
 This movie is one of my son favorite and he is always watching this movie . He likes all the action and the characters and the story .
 If you love Transformers you should buy this movie and if you already own it on DVD then buy it again anyways .
 Adventure Sci-Fi with great FX features , a fast moving story that 's only flaw was that the beautiful young lady from the first two movies was absent .
 watched this one and the previous one several times . Like this movie lots and so did the kids ! thanks so much
 My son loves this movie , listening once a day and I am delighted to have paid saveless ... . tank you and have a nice year
 Love the action in the movie . Hope they come out with another one . They should make two more ! Seeing parts of the real footage of the landing on the moon was great .
 We went out and bought the trilogy . My son loves this movie . It was a great gift for my son .
 HD playback throughout the movie -LRB- we do have a cable modem though -RRB- . The price was perfect FREE with my Prime membership -LRB- which I bought for free 2 day shipping , Now if I can just get the shipping to work as well as the video service . -RRB-
 Great movie and special effects . I 'm not much into sci fi but I enjoyed this and plan on watching the other ones !
 Very nice and the picture is in excellent sound.can not beat it . Fun to watch on the kindle fire hd
 Dark side of the moon is a great third installment in the the transformers series . It has everything you 'd want to see in a movie . And Rosie is way hotter than Megan fox
 In past Transformers movies , I could n't make out the autobots vs decepticons in the battle scenes , but this one seemed to do the job a lot better .
 Great movie . Shia LeBouf is kinda played out though . Too serious as Mr. Witwicke now , chill the heck out . Would have been better if he had n't overacted
 My husband is a great fan of comic books so we always end up watching this type of movie . I love the humor , special effects and the story .
 Transformers
 This was some of the best service I have ever received . The price and quality I received was outstanding . I will defiantly do service with them again . Thanks
 You want a cartoon , you got a cartoon . The plot seemed silly and the stunts were amazing and of course completely improbable . If you 're looking for good story line , drama and a complicated plot , you do n't want this one . If you want to see amazing effects and stuff getting blown up , this is a good pick . It 's good at what it is , I look at it this way , many movies pretend to have good plots which actually suck and supposedly realistic action which is n't .
 I would n't have purchased this movie if I did n't like it , so obviously its a great movie . Hardly even miss Megan Fox . Great special effects , great action , funny .
 Great entertainment . The 3rd Tranformers is not as good as the first , but MUCH better than the 2nd . My family enjoyed very much . Equally action-packed .
 This movie was just as good as the other 2 ! Some plot twists ... some surprises . I only had 2 complaints . One is that Optimus Prime was a little weird in this one . Needed a little more time with his character . During the action I did not find myself saying where is Optimus ... why is n't he helping in the fight ... then all of a sudden he shows up and `` saves '' the day . If we had spent just a few minutes with him to know his internal struggle we would have cheered when he showed up after disappearing from the fight so long . At the very least we should have flashed over to his struggle in the wires a few times to see how hard he was fighting to help his autobots . The second complaint is the prevalence of language in this one . Really ... was all the cursing really necessary ? It was n't necessary in the first 2 movies . What 's the deal ?
 I 'll start with price ; it 's amazing to be given so much for such little price , I almost feel guilty . The movie ; love it , the action sequences are pretty amazing and it looks great on Blu-ray . This final version of the series is much better than the second which was sort of silly and probably intended for teens . I 'm also surprised the studio added not just the crappy version for ultraviolet but I think they realized users were pretty upset about the ultraviolet experiment and also added an iTunes versions . Yay , I think someone out there actually heard how upsetting ultraviolet was . The one true issue I have with this movie is the 3D . The 3D does n't seem to have as much depth as other movies and I know they we 're holding off on releasing the 3D version but I 'm not sure it was worth waiting for.Positives : + Price -LRB- Incredible pricing -RRB- Disney should pay attention + Picture -LRB- Looks sharp and bright in 3D and standard blu-ray -RRB- + Sound -LRB- 7.1 channels of heaven -RRB- + Digital Copy -LRB- Ultraviolet & iTunes Copy -RRB- Negatives : -3 D -LRB- Not as much depth , was expecting more since they took a while to release the movie -RRB- - Ultraviolet -LRB- this just needs to end -RRB- If you were smart you waited until now to buy the movie and this time waiting really paid off.Has anyone noticed there is a CGI soldier closer to the end of the movie ? It seems strange they would add the single character there but when they get to Chicago and first get out of the car , he 's there . Can anyone else verify this or am I losing it ? You randomly see him next to Tyrese for the rest of the movie .
 Transformers Dark of the Moon is a thrill ride from start to finish!Dark of the Moon has the most compelling storyline of all three.I have been a transformers fan since the beginning in the 1980 's and have loved every minute of comedy , romance , and thrilling action in all three films.Sam gets a new girlfriend in Carly and is ready for some more action instead of the daily grind.The shadow side of the moon holds a secret that will change both decepticon and autobot forever.I would have loved to see Megan fox in the third installment as well , but Rosie Huntington-Whiteley does just as good of an acting job to make the movie awesome all around.If you are a true transformer fan you will love Dark of the Moon along with the other two as well.Transformers Dark of the Moon has all of the amazing transformer characters with new weapons that are the coolest.The special effects are some of the best you will ever see , with some of the most kick-ass battle scenes to blow your mind.Bottom line Transformers Dark of the Moon is a 10 out of 10 DVD experience that will please any true transformer fan around.I highly recommend Dark of the Moon along with Transformers , and Revenge of the Fallen.Transformers Rule !!!
 If you have liked the first two of Director Michael Bay 's Transformer movies , you will like this one as well . If you thought Transformers was good , and Transformers
 I enjoy the series , this looked great on my fire . The graphic and details that went into this movie was excellent
 Transformers 3 proved to be an awesome conclusion to the the series . It was full of action from start to finish , with scenes that made you grip the armrests of your chair , much better than the second movie 's action scenes . It makes some good connections to the other movies -LRB- what was Megatron doing in space anyway when he crashed and froze ? -RRB- , and in a summer where a lot of sci-fi movies integrate themselves with historical moments , I congratulate Bay for his clever integration of the moon landing with the Transformers . Some new faces too ; Shockwave = awesome , Laserbeak was one of the few memorable Decepticons , and they replaced the Twins from the 2nd movie with a far better pair of Autobots -LRB- the Wreckers -RRB- ! A good conclusion and an enjoyable movie.Oh , and one more thing
 Transformers is something I grew up on and to see this in its entirety was the best . now I have the complete collection , from the movies till all 3 parts . Well worth the money
 I am a fan so not going to repeat all the good things already said or you already know but I will comment on the girlfriend . She is annoying . I believe she is British . The accent and those lips ABSOLUTELY DO NOT FIT this All American movie . She is useless and I did learn to ignore her . No chemistry between her and anything in the movie . It just does not fit . They should have found some American girl that is tough , rough , and All American .
 Had meant to see this one in the theatre , because these types of titles are the ones that I actually go to the theatre to see , but I never made it . However , I did put it on my Netflix right away when it was available and got it right at the time I got my surround sound and whatnot hooked up in my wife and I 's new residence . It was n't theatre quality , but it was pretty close to the next best thing , and I thought that it was a pretty awesome ending for the movie franchise . Leave it to Michael Bay to make kick@$$ films like this one . I think he was a good choice to helm these movies !
 This film drags in a few spots but its worth the waiting . This sequel has the most amazing effects of all of the Transformers . Plus it has a great storyline .
 Used an unknown carrier `` Ensenda '' - package was lost and then found . I could have purchased at Best Buy and got it quicker
 Just watched the movie yesterday , it was fantastic !!!!! I was severely disappointed with Part Two of TF but part 3 made me a fan again.MUST SEE for all TF fans
 I am a Transformers fan . I have been mostly happy with these movies . The first one was amazing ! The second one , was ... well ... not so amazing , but I still enjoyed aspects of it . This third one , for me at least , comes very close to being as good or better than the first one . I was very pleased and recommend it to anyone . Hope you enjoy it !!
 Just received it and watching it as I type this out . I got it quick after getting notified of it being mailed to me . Thank you so much .
 I pre-ordered the movie before it came out for $ 25 originally with the shipping option that it would get to me on the day of its release date -LRB- Sep. 30 -RRB- . The movie went down in price so I got $ 5 bucks back and I also got the movie delivered personally to me by an agent on the day before it was released -LRB- Sep. 29th -RRB- so BIG points for that . The disc case comes in a nice looking shielded cover and the product itself includes a Blu-Ray copy , DVD version and a code for a digital version copy which you can get on the website somehow which I have n't tried yet . The movie is beautiful Hi-Def which you would expect from any Blu-Ray movie , which is a real treat in this one when the sparks start flying -LRB- and there are many sparks -RRB- . The Movie itself should be viewed only as a blockbuster summer flick for entertainment purposes only . If you havent watched this movie yet and are expecting it to be good then you will be utterly dissapointed . This movie has terrible story -LRB- tho not as bad as the second one -RRB- , mediocre acting and the dialogue/humor sometimes is a little awkward and embarrassing -LRB- like almost any Michael Bay film these days -RRB- . The action is great and intense just dont expect good deaths for the bad guys given almost all of them have a very stupid/pathetic death scene given to them regardless of how badass they are in the movie . Megatron , despite how badass he 's supposed to be , is punked and pushed around the entire film and not given a proper death . Basically the movie feels a little rushed towards the end and the ending doesnt really feel like an ending more like they just wanted to finish the damm thing already.Oh and for the idiot people complaining this movie isnt the extended edition and rating it down because of it , learn to read . This is the version that was in theaters not a special edition but I will have to agree with the people complaining about the lack of extras in this disc . There are NONE , which is stupid but then again I got this product for the movie itself not to see how they made the damm thing so I got what I expected . They are going to release an extended version of this movie later on this year -LRB- around November/December -RRB- as well as the 3D version of the movie , which is NOT included in this version so if you want to watch the movie in 3D then you better off waiting for the later version instead .
 The first Transformers movie was as good as it gets , or so we thought as the audience , the second was pretty good but still was missing something . Then came Dark Of The Moon . This movies special effects and story line says it all and is leaving the audience saying well whats next . SPOILER ALERT , well since Megatron , Starscream , and Sentinel are all dead wats next . I do n't know what the studio is planning on coming up with but a BILLION dollars richer may change the way they think about making another one even though they said they were n't . I predict there will be another three movies so they make it a saga , but who will star in it and who will direct it ? But as long as u have Optimus , my man B , and the rest of the gang you cant go wrong . And one last thing how bad ass did Optimus look when he turned and looked at Megatron and said `` Time to find out '' .
 Absolutely awesome as usual . One of the best actions series of all time !! You can not ask for anymore than what Michael Bay and company provide here .
 I received my copy before Christmas and was disappointed to discover that the included Digital Copy sheet expired in 2011 ! After complaining to Amazon , they added Dark of the Moon to my Amazon Instant Video library , which was a nice peace offering , but did not remedy the situation in my eyes , as I prefer iTunes digital copies that can be accessed via iCloud for streaming or downloading to an iOS device.So , using their support form on the redemption website , I was able to submit a request and receive a new , functional download code . So kudos to Paramount for standing behind their digital copy offer !
 Michael Bay 's third Transformers movie closes what begun with the first one -LRB- he said that himself -RRB- . I can say that this movie is much better than the second one which was nothing more than a sex comedy with robots and explosions.DOM is set in a much serious tone than ROTF . There are some points filled with a sense of doom , there are a lot of transformer deaths and for the first time in the cinematic saga of the Transformers , we see Cybertron!The toilet humour is still here but fortunately it is pretty much contained . Hoewever , what i didn ; t like is that there still emphasis torward the human -LRB- especially Sam -RRB- relationships.Overhaul , it is a very good wrap up to the trilogy . If there are planning on new installments ? Well only time will tell but if we take the box office performance into account , then Transformers 4 is not far away .
 Just adore this movie and bought it with the included digital copy so I could transfer it to my X oom . Unfortunately digital transfer is not possible for android devices so be aware of this .
 Who does n't love the transformers . Picked this thing up primarily to save a few bucks , luckily blu ray is going down in price although i did n't need the two disc version and would rather have a cheaper straight blu ray i can appreciate it as i just gave the other away to a friend . works great , came as described . thank you !
 Five of my favorite movies the third cinema!As my eyes getting Parts one LV.up sikyeojuTwo side stands ... . wooohohohohohohohohoh !! Finally , the last side ! Part 3 Sentinel Prime !!! The genius director Michael Bay . Forward this massive great spectacleGuess I 'm not going to see the movie , but a good look at other movies to showI 'll expect a lot a lot ~ ~
 Great movie , however DVD does not have any features . I am not sure if it worth to pay for the price , maybe wait till you can get it on sale .
 jampacked action ; better leading lady ; -RRB- plus pre-ordering with Amazon is so convenient . you get alerted when movies come out on DVD ahead of time .
 Seen the movie at the theatre and knew then it was going to be a must buy on blu ray when released . Amazon always delivers promptly and on the release date .
 These movies never fail to amaze me.the first was the best for sure but i still love them all.hope theres another 1 !
 It is great to have in the theater room and also in the car for those long drive . Thank you amazon
 I 'm a huge fan of Transformers - could n't wait for this to come out on blu-ray so I could see all the captivating colors of the autobots - as only blu-ray can ! Special effects are amazing , however the story line is weak compared to the first two movies . I was a little disappointed by the story and this is my least favorite installment . Still , if you are a fan as I am , it 's a must have to make the collection complete .
 This movie came on time as promised . I preordered it . It is just as action packed as the ones before it . I was delighted when I watched it . I did however wish the same girl that was in the first 2 was in this one . I did n't really care for Sam 's love interest in this one . She seemed shallow . I was glad to see they kept the rest of the original cast members .
 New Girl Is n't As Hot As Megan Fox But The New Girl Was Nice . As Far As The Actual Movie It Was Really Good , With Plenty Of Action . Waiting For Transformers 4 .
 I bought this as a preorder from Amazon and you could n't be the price for a 3 disc set ! Movie is very good and if you like the other Transformers movies it 's a must have .
 I could watch this movie over and over and over again . The graphics were totally awesome . A must see for all .
 Definitely is a trilogy . BUT guys its superb in its delivery graphically and Shia is just simply a good actor . More diverse roles he needs , yet ifthe movie was to be watched without biasses or even the knowledge-base of the past two movies the movie would rate 4 stars.Needs more distinguished and ` heavier ' plot ... so not 5 stars ie as an individual film -RRB- . I 'm being honest on the specific film here . In reference to its repetition of sequences andthe plot generality , the ` trilogy ' per say is well ... a more critical discussion.Sticking with the one movie in crit ! d
 The movie is awesome it 's by far better than the rest . I highly recommend it . However this version of the DVD sux , no special features , AT ALL . Not bloopers , not deleted scenes or even the trailer . NOTHING . Wait for the bigger version coming later this year . The price is not bad , but you get what you pay for , I guess .
 this third installment to transformers is excellent , i was upset that i missed in in theaters but was really impressed with the movie when i finally saw it on dvd . this was a great adition to the series . i really do n't think that this is the last movie . its to popular . they can go alot of ways with it . i do hope they make at least two more . movie was awesome great job guys . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend that you do
 I enjoyed every minute of this captivating , lively , and fun extreme sport documentary . I promise that you will be so engaged whether you plan to watch it alone or with a bunch of friends . To be honest , I am not a real sport-fan , but `` Keep Your Eyes Open '' entertained me immensely . Awesome film !
 I enjoyed every minute of this captivating , lively , and fun extreme sport documentary . I promise that you will be so engaged whether you plan to watch it alone or with a bunch of friends . To be honest , I am not a real sport-fan , but `` Keep Your Eyes Open '' entertained me immensely . Awesome film !
 This is a good movie . Made with low budget and yet great locations , the story just flows easily . We 've seen movies like this before , and still it 's a pleasure to watch the talented and handsome and strong actor Kevin Sorbo as a military leader searching for a scary soldier ... Indeed , a fun movie !
 For what it is , Flesh Wounds is a good movie , although I can see the comparisons to Predator . Kevin Sorbo does a good job of playing Lt.Tyler , comannder of a special ops force . As is usually the case in Sorbo 's movies , there is a pretty woman , who , through no fault of her own , causes more trouble than the team really needs , but eventually earns their trust . They soon discover that their real enemy is something created by their own government-the perfect soldier , part man and part machine , who has lost control . With time running out , it 's either kill or be killed , and Lt.Tyler much prefers the former . If you like action-adverneture films , this may be one movie you will want to check out !
 Has the feel of a TV movie , but fun and engaging for all that . Good performances all round ; good effects and pyrothechnics too . Excellent print ; helps to keep my Sorbo collection intact
 I enjoyed every minute of this captivating , lively , and fun extreme sport documentary . I promise that you will be so engaged whether you plan to watch it alone or with a bunch of friends . To be honest , I am not a real sport-fan , but `` Keep Your Eyes Open '' entertained me immensely . Awesome film !
 I enjoyed every minute of this captivating , lively , and fun extreme sport documentary . I promise that you will be so engaged whether you plan to watch it alone or with a bunch of friends . To be honest , I am not a real sport-fan , but `` Keep Your Eyes Open '' entertained me immensely . Awesome film !
 Angel Baby was originally intended to be released in 1960 , but Columbia bought the rights to the film and shelved it for a year to insure the success of their similar film , Elmer Gantry . On its own merits it is an excellent film benefiting from top performances by George Hamilton and Salome Jens and the supporting cast of Henry Jones and Joan Blondell . Mercedes McCambridge overacts slightly as the jealous wife of evangelist Hamilton and Burt Reynolds tends to drift from the story when he almost rapes Angel Baby -LRB- Jens -RRB- in a scene difficult to watch that was added toincrease the size of his role in the film at his request . The riveting finale where the preacher 's wife picks a fight with Angel Baby by revealing that her healings were staged and tears the tent apart is reallygripping and to surprise us , Angel Baby drifts away to a small town where she proves she can really heal a small boy . I love the way the film givesprofound meaning to the lives of `` just ordinary folks . '' The photography byHaskell Wexler , who shot the film using roller skates and a mini camera , contributes to a dynamic effect of being there and seeing spiritual powers . He , of course , filmed `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Wolf '' later but nothing of his couldequal this early modest effort , by far his best .
 Just watched this film . It is definitely a low-budget movie but I really enjoyed it . If you are a fan of indie cinema , check it out . Not a very fast paced film , but it was a fun ride and had a good payoff in the end .
 This is a really inspiring video about the potential for lucid dreaming . It provides many ideas and stories about ways that lucid dreaming can be used to improve your wellbeing and happiness . I highly recommend it .
 3 or 3.5 stars out of 5 for this one . Lame title , kind of a cool flick . POWER KIDS , an action film from Thailand , supposes that pre-teen , early teen Muay Thai-fighting children can take on grown-up terrorists and wipe the floor with them . Unlike the Douglas brothers in 3 NINJAS , the kids here actually demonstrate the requisite skills and believability to pull it off . Woon and his older brother Woot attend a Muay Thai school with their friends , so that would explain all the martial arts . But life has saddled young Woon with heart disease , leaving the boy in dire need of a transplant . As Woon 's condition worsens drastically , a matching organ surfaces . But then rebel terrorists seize control of the hospital holding the heart . Time for Woon 's older brother and his friends to pull a John McClane . The kids spring into action under a deadline of four hours , that being the time limit for the donated heart 's liability for a successful transplant.POWER KIDS is n't polished . It 's got plenty of rough around the edges and , really , the film does n't get going until Johnny Nguyen -LRB- from THE REBEL -RRB- and his terrorists take over the hospital . Before that , there are scenes which inform the viewer of how much young Woon is cherished by his older brother and his friends . It 's frankly a bit too schmaltzy . There 's a comedy action bit featuring an Ugly American getting his what handed to him by the children and also a race sequence involving motorized toy cars which serves to expand on one of the kid 's background and to then launch the central plot thread . For the action buff , things pick up after that.Their names are really long , but the kids who play `` Woot '' and `` Cat '' are the two primary kid fighters and they had to train for two to three years before the director thought them prepared enough that they could finally start shooting . And these kids are phenomenal and look convincing with their nifty Muay Thai and the dazzling gymnastics they perform . It 's again demonstrated - although these kids are n't at the level of Tony Jaa or Jeeja Yanin - that there is perhaps no more gratifying or more visceral move in martial arts than a fully committed Muay Thai knee applied to the noggin . These kids throw plenty of knees and elbows , and their climactic showdown with Johnny Nguyen is pretty epic.As unbelievably skilled as Woot and Cat are , I like the fact that it took multiple kicks and elbows and flips from the kids to put down a bad guy and also that a S.W.A.T. unit was key in corralling the bad guys . It 's a crazy enough story , but somehow the fact that the kids do n't end up single-handedly saving the day lends added realism to the screen . The film tries to add even more melodrama by sympathetically portraying a young girl who is part of the terrorist group , but she does n't get enough screen time for it to matter . In one way , she does end up as the deus ex machina to one heck of a dilemma which surfaces late in the film.And now , the media-bashing paragraph
 The great film with the silly title , Power Kids -LRB- original Thai title
 The double feature DVD has both Deathbed and Castle Freak , so it 's worth searching for . The only possible disadvantage I can see is both movies are shown in fullscreen . However , the Castle Freak single movie disc is a fullscreen version also , so unless you really need a widescreen version of Deathbed or must have extras like commentary , etc. why not get two movies on one inexpensive disc.In my opinion Castle Freak is a tad overrated , but it 's still well worth checking out . I think the frenzy over this movie has to do with the fact that it 's Stuart -LRB- Re-Animator -RRB- Gordon directing Jeffrey Combs and Barbara Crampton , both of whom were the main actors from Re-Animator . They play a couple with a blind daughter who move into a spooky castle with 150 rooms -LRB- sorry , but it does n't look big enough from the outside -RRB- . The freak in question is a deformed , scarred , ancient human with a taste for blood . He is accidentally released from his place of captivity and proceeds to run amok in the castle.Excellent FX here , namely the freak makeup and the gore scenes . I thought the story ran out of steam by the end , which was somewhat disappointing . It was n't bad , it 's just that there were some really twisted scenes early on that made me expect a little bit more of a payoff at the end . After watching Re-Animator so many times it 's hard for me to watch Jeffrey Combs in another role , especially without glasses . It makes me want to yell `` West ! You forgot your specs ! '' He 's still pretty nerdy and amusing in this movie , though , especially the scene where he and the daughter search for the castle for `` booty . '' I know it means treasure , but when Combs says it it 's downright hilarious.Deathbed was a pleasant surprise . It 's low budget , the acting is hit & miss , but it actually gave me the creeps a few times . Karen , a children 's book illustrator and Jerry , her photographer boyfriend move into a huge Hollywood loft . At night she starts hearing noises from behind a boarded-up door and decides to investigate . The apartment manager helps her tear the door down , which reveals a hidden room upstairs with an old-fashioned iron bed . They clean up the bed and move it downstairs , then the fun begins . Basically it 's a `` haunted bed '' story . While in the bed Karen finds herself possessed by the spirit of a woman who was killed in the bed years ago . This improves Karen and Jerry 's sex life , but , of course , eventually leads to trouble.I liked this movie because of the little details and plot twists . The sketches Karen does while under the influence of the woman 's ghost are downright scary ; they reminded me of the old EC horror comics like `` Tales from the Crypt , '' `` Vault of Horror , '' etc. . Plus you get Dukey Flyswatter in a supporting role -- I remember him as the singer from the L.A. horror/rock band Haunted Garage . There 's not very much blood in the movie until the last few minutes . Then you get an extremely gory , over-the-top scene as a payoff.Don ' t expect miracles from these two films -- they 're not masterpieces but both are good , solid horror movies . I would think for the relatively cheap price any horror fan would be pleased .
 This is a classic stuart gordon . All his familiar themes and the bed is pretty too . It is very 90 's looking but I like that . I also liked the little photo element . Very cool .
 For all you Full Moon Movies Fans , I have a treat for you . This DVD comes with the full versions of Deathbed starring Tanya Dempsey and Stuart Gordon 's Castle Freak . Deathbed has a good suspensfull story that will draw you in wondering what will happen next ? Castle Freak is another great movie BUT IT IS GRAPHIC !! If you have a weak stomach then this might bother you . For all you hardcore gore fans this is an AWESOME film . Fangora Magazine gave this movie lots of praise ! Full Moon Studios produced both of these films and make it a worthy addition to anyone 's horror collection .
 You may not know the name of French director Francis Veber , and his funny French comedy `` The Dinner Game '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , but if you are fond of comedy , you might have seen the films like `` Father 's Day '' and `` Birdcage . '' Yes , the last two Hollywood outings are actually remakes of his works , and though not all of his films are masterpieces , `` The Closet '' alone would make you remember his name . This film is that funny.Daniel Auteuil is M. Pignon , who has been working for a condom factory as an accountant for 20 years , now he happens to learn that he is going to be fired . Shocked by the news , he thinks of jumping from the window to kill himself when an old man living in the next room gives a tip ; `` pretend you 're gay . '' For political reasons -LRB- and commercial ones too -RRB- the company can not fire him as they are afraid of being accused of having discriminating attitudes . It succeeds , and M. Pignon is happy ... for a while.Because unexpected things happen like chain reaction ; `` sexual harrassment '' from his beautiful female boss -LRB- she has her own reason -RRB- , sexual advance from his co-worker and rugby coach -LRB- he has his own reason , too -RRB- , and so on . The story goes on with twists and turns , finally leading to the confidence newly established in M. Pignon.Though the ending is not as good as it should be , and some parts are a bit incredible , the cast is so great that those flaws are all ignored in the end . Daniel Auteuil 's dead-pan humor is always effective , and funniest is his face when he is in a parade wearing a huge tip of condom on his head . Also humorous is Gerard Depardieu , whose character experiences a total transformation . `` The Closet '' has some satire on our attitude about sexuality , but it does n't preach them . Rather , the film handles them with a lighter tough , which avoids the pitfall of being too gloomy or philosophical . The fact is , the film is too light for some ; and clearly the director hesitates to push some interesting points the film presents . But `` The Closet '' should be about M. Pignon , who , just like the protagonist of the same name in `` The Dinner Game , '' is about Mr. Everyman . His journey to a new life is what we see , and we enjoy watching . As such the film succeeds , and it is because of fantastic Daniel Auteuil .
 This French film is one of the funniest movies ever , with great writing and a cast of huge talents.It all begins in a condom manufacturing plant with a boring accountant -LRB- Daniel Auteuil -RRB- who overhears from a bathroom stall that he will be fired from his position . Upon returning home he informs his ex-wife and son of his pending predicament and vows to find another job in order to keep them in alimony . He meets a new neighbor -LRB- Michel Aumont -RRB- who convinces him not to jump from his balcony and the fun soon begins . Together they concoct a story to save his job believing that if he can convince his company that he is really gay he will save his position by suggesting a prejudice exists . The company sends its dogs out to fend off any chance of a lawsuit and uses the services of its most macho employee -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- to `` romance '' away any perceived distaste for the new discovery . From here the story spins and weaves into a web of hilarious lies that will have you rolling on the floor in laughter.This film is so well written and easy to follow that the sub-titles are easily accepted by even the most English of all English speakers . While some of the references in this film might be taken harshly by those of the gay persuasion it is really only a lighthearted stab at all of the stereotypes that lurk within a corporate existence . Boring accountants could also take offense for that matter ! Auteuil is fantastic as the bumbling lead , Depardieu is never better as the macho man who eventually finds his true passion , Aumont wonderful as the helpful neighbor with a few secrets of his own , the incomparable Jean Rochefort adds his own brand of humor to the film cast as the company CEO and the cast just continues into a complete brilliance.If you love to laugh , especially at yourself , this film will keep you in stitches and one viewing will leave you wanting more . For collectors of comedy films this one is a must have . So forget your hang-ups and enjoy a moment out of whatever closet suffocates you .
 Francis Veber , the King of French Farce , keeps cranking 'em out at a rate that would boggle even the mind of Georges Feydeau . His latest , `` The Closet , '' features nebbishy accountant Francois -- mocked by his colleagues , abandoned by his wife , dissed by his son and about to be fired -- who schemes to keep his job by pretending to be gay . Francois ' gay psychologist neighbor advises him not to change anything about himself -- what will change is other people 's perception of him . That 's not the only thing that changes in Veber 's smoothly written , surefire-as-clockwork farce . Francois ' life ends up changing in unforeseen ways , as do the lives of the people around him -- particularly that of Santini , the homophobic personnel manager who must suddenly play up to Francois in order to keep his own job . All sorts of crazy complications ensue , and the denouement is appropriately sunny . `` The Closet '' wo n't change your life , but it will leave you feeling happy , and you will marvel at the sheer star power lavished on this lightweight tale . Daniel Auteuil and Gerard Depardieu , France 's answer to Kevin Spacey and Robert De Niro , play Francois and Santini ; in the supporting cast are Thierry Lhermitte , Michel Aumont and Jean Rochefort , which is roughly equivalent to having Richard Gere , Gene Hackman and Michael Caine in the supporting cast of an English-language movie . These superb professionals know exactly what is required of them , and deliver it gift-wrapped . As crazed as the comedy gets , it is the quiet individual moments that will really leave you rolling in the aisles
 A very funny movie with some interesting twists -- Daniel Auteuil plays an accountant about to be downsized . Divorced and avoided by his teenaged son he is ready to jump off his balcony when a new neighbor stops him , and suggests that to keep his job , he should `` come out of the closet '' -- his company , which manufactures condoms , will not want to appear to have fired him for his sexual preferences . When he protests that he can not act gay , his friend asserts that he will not need to change -- others ' perceptions of him will . Strangely enough , this subterfuge brings Auteuil and almost everyone in his life to confront and become who they really are -- to come out of their own closets , so to speak . In French with English subtitles , which are pretty accurate .
 If you are up for a fun entertaining light movie - The Closet is precisely what you are looking for.Here is the premise of the movie
 How much of your life is what you make of it , or what others make of it for you?Ms Pignon -LRB- Daniel Auteil from Jean de Florette -RRB- is a mousy , grey , drab accountant , working in a condom factory , that ca n't even get in the company picture . He finds , while in the bathroom from the chief of personnel -LRB- Gerarad Depardieu -RRB- that he will be laid off . Depardieu is also the coach of the company rugby team , a homophobic macho maniac.Everybody seems to know that he 's getting canned but him.While trying to kill himself by jumping off a window , his new neighbor stops him . `` It 's my car down there , you 'll wreck the roof '' His neighbor , an industrial psychologist hatches a plan to save Pignon 's job . He alters some gay pictures to make it seem that Pignon is gay . He can not be fired anymore , or the company , with a large gay clientele would suffer a public relations nightmare.He does not change anything in his life . His words , his actions , are exactly the same , but the reactions of everybody in his life to him change dramatically . His ex-wife , -LRB- Alexandra Vandernoot from The Dinner Game -RRB- who wo n't even take his calls , now answers the phone . Even his son , who refuses to dine with him because he is so drab , finds him interesting and cool after seeing him in the gay pride parade.The whole movie is a study in reality vs perception , with a comic French touch that will have you laughing out loud.Next the cast.I 've already mentioned Auteil and Depardieu , but the rest of the cast is a who 's who of modern French cinema.Thierry Lhermitte , and Alexandra Vandernoot from The Dinner Game ; Jean Rochefort from The hairdresser 's husband and The Professional.If you like mainstream movies , or slapstick , then you probably are not reading this . If you 've come this far , then your comedies must be intelligent and also perhaps sarcastic , and if so , this is the movie for you .
 Who is Francois Pignon?He is a character that Francis Veber has used in many of his films , from La Chevre to the excellent Diner Des Cons , and he appears again in his latest Le Placard/The Closet.Pignon is always a lonely man , separated or divorced , with no friends or social life , accident prone , in short down on his luck , an average man living a dull existence , and invariably an oddity in a society that applauds people with good looks , and success professionally and socially . . The very type of people that look down at Pignon and make fun of him . . Hero vs anti Hero.This is Francois Pignon and Veber 's character in the films should be looked at in this context , regardless if one film is funnier than the other.Certainly Diner Des Cons is funnier than Closet , and if you expect the same laughs then you will look at Veber 's latest with less enthusiasm , and appreciate it less . Veber did not intend to repeat the same formula he used in Diner Des Cons , but give us a story about another Pignon , in a different context and situation.There is more poignancy in the Closet , and it is a bittersweet comedy , like the French can only make.The pretext of pretentious gayness to keep his job , is only a backdrop to Pignon 's predicament at the hand of society , but it is a very clever insight nevertheless , into the corporate atmosphere and political correctness vs homophobia.Yet what I found very interesting about the gay angle , is how Pignon discovers a strenght and confidence he never thought he had by pretending to be gay.The way his colleagues and family react to him , from ridicule , to excessive friendliness , to pride , -LRB- from his own son , thinking it is very cool -RRB- , is very interesting.The acting I though was very good . Assembling some of the best French working actors today , including Depardieu , Rochefort , Lhermitte and of course Auteuil.He plays Pignon in a straight faced manner . . but not boring as some reviewer saw it , because his performance reflects so well the character he is playing . All Pignons are boring ! Whereas in Diner Des Cons , Pignon had the gift of talking ! even in the wrong moments , saying the wrong things , and entertaining the viewer in the process , Pignon of Closet had deep anxieties , and he shows them.The beauty about Francois Pignon is that he triumphs at the end . He saves the day . . manages to make people happy , or clear the mess he put himself or others in , becoming the most unlikely hero . and this is Veber 's triumph and with it The Closet.It is a wonderful film , that I hope Hollywood will not remake , because all Veber 's american remakes , -LRB- Three Fugitives , The Toy , Birdcage -RRB- even the ones he directed himself , lose their magic , the magic of Francois Pignon .
 Besides the terrific acting -- especially from Daniel Auteuil and Gerard Depardieu , writing and directing , what I liked about `` The Closet '' was how the Auteuil character did not ham it up after he decided to pretend he was gay -- he just played himself . A lot of Hollywood movies would not have the guts to show a gay man behave `` normally . '' They would have him behave like a screaming idiot like the Kevin Kline character in `` In and Out . '' I thought it was interesting to note that when the Auteuil character was straight , meek and boring -- the people around him perceived him that way so he wound up behaving that way
 This 2001 French farce made me laugh out loud at times . That 's because the theme is so funny . A mild-mannered nerd who 's been working as an accountant in a condom company for 20 years is about to be fired . In order to keep his job , he takes the advice of a neighbor and lets everyone think he is gay . Here 's were the theme of political correctness and its absurdities really take off . Daniel Auteuil plays the lead and he 's great . The expressions on his face are worth a thousand words.The plot thickens , of course , as Gerard Depardieu , a co-worker , macho rugby player , and very stupid fellow , lets himself be set up by some pals of his to befriend Daniel Auteuil . What follows are some really funny scenes . And then , Auteuil 's female boss tries to seduce him . The acting and the timing of the jokes were perfect and the concept was wonderful.It 's a good thing it was only 85 minutes long , however , because with a film like this there is only one central joke and there are limits as to how far it can go . It might have been even better if it was cut to be even shorter . I do recommend this film , however . I loved the theme and the acting . And found it a pleasant evening of viewing pleasure .
 The Closet is a fantastic fast moving French farce about a man who is fired from his job as an accountant.Aided by his neighbor , he participates in a scheme to come out as a gay man and claim discrimination in order to keep his job.It 's a crazy crazy film that will leave you laughing out loud . I actually saw this film in a theatre when it was released and the audience was practically rolling in the isles laughing.You will love this funny funny film that actually leaves you with a great messageabout homophobia without being preachy . . I have bought a copy and it is featured in my collection of foreignfilms ...
 I love this film . Funny and seriously true . It is a view of the work world and the life of a quiet man who is just putting one foot in front of the other for so many years that he forgets how to live . Very good film .
 Let me preface this by saying that I do not speak French but yet find most French comedies to be hilarious and completely engaging , or at least that become available in the U.S. Vaber continues his skillful laughter inducement with `` The Closet . `` SOME SPOILERS : Pignon is an accountant at a condom factory . He learns that he is going to be fired soon and is consumed by sadness . He has lived a quiet life where seldom anyone notices him , not even his own teenage son.In his grief he decides to end it all but is interrupted mid jump -LRB- off his balcony -RRB- by his neighbor who claims that if he jumps he will ruin his car ! Let me say this alone got me hooked ! I was laughing so hard that I could n't see!Eventually the neighbor and Pignon come up with a plan to save his job . They pretend that Pignon is gay . Being a condom factory that gets much of its business from the gay and lesbian community , his boss is unable to fire him.The story continues with some of France 's biggest stars -LRB- Depardieu , for instance -RRB- and the mixture is pure genius ! If you are a fan of any French comedies -LRB- ComDads , La Cage of Aux Folles and most recently The Valet -RRB- , you will love The Closet !
 I 've never seen the lead actor , Daniel Auteil , in a comedy before . I enjoyed the various characters and the story quite amusing .
 Showed this film to my French class , and it was a hit . The same actors as in Jean de Florette , but about 20 years later . Thoroughly enjoyable .
 All arrived on time , though still have n't opened the movie yet . Will be watching it this week : - -RRB- It was highly recommended !
 The French comedy genre is something of a classic in Europe and has been for decades . The French comedies have their own style of humor which is subtle but effective . This movie made me laugh outloud and remember why I loved French comedies growing up . I think they are way underrated here in the U.S. in lieu of stupid romantic comedies and `` comedic '' trash which is vulgar toilet humor and lower-common-denominator pie-in-the face humor.The Closet was funny and witty and most of all engaging . The audience gets pulled into the characters ' lives and are taken on a journey through their ups and downs . I love how French comedies marry the serious and the funny so perfectly and this movie is no different . It 's witty , through-provoking , and entertaining all together which makes for a great movie !
 This is a very light and silly film -- and honestly , rather fun to watch . The viewer really does feel for Francois -- unappreciated at work , with an callous ex-wife and a son who is continually growing more distant . So , we 're happy to see good things happen for him.However , I did feel a bit uneasy about a few gay slurs that were casually tossed around by several of the characters -LRB- including those characters that were supposed to be sympathetic -RRB- . I ca n't help but think that the script would be adjusted a bit today -- this was made over ten years ago , after all . And even for a light comedy , this is n't perfect -- I would have liked to see a few of the sub-plots developed to a greater degree . Also , I would have liked to see the one openly gay character have more of a social life , for goodness sake.Still ... . Despite a few reservations , I 'll go ahead and recommend this one .
 What a rib tickler this film is ... I 've seen it twice and know that twice more at least is on the cards . Of course , I love Daniel Auteuil and G&eacute;rard Depardieu , so to have them together is pure heaven ! For a quite amazing contrast , check out 36 Quai des Orf&egrave;vres , a violent police/crime drama also starring both actors . Whether you speak French or not , you can tell these guys are n't just playing themselves ... they are both excellent actors . See these films if you 're a real , dyed-in-the-wool film buff !
 This movie is best described as `` cute , '' and consists of light comedy revolving mainly around the themes of sexuality and corporate politics . The movie is n't by any means profound , but I found it reasonably funny and entertaining , and its portrayal of the light side of French culture is certainly a plus . The acting is solid enough though , again , none of the characters are particularly deep or interesting , with the partial exception of the neighbor of the lead character -LRB- ca n't go into detail without risk of spoilers -RRB- .
 This is a story about a mouse who learns what it is to be a real man by pretending to be what society generally sees as manliness 's exact opposite.This is on my top-10 list , and it is probably the funniest , best-written comedy I have ever seen . It starts with a man in a completely miserable situation who turn his life around by pretending to be something he is not . It 's an object lesson on the pitfalls of people pleasing and the virtues of standing up for yourself . Also , it 's a great send up of the western world 's business culture , political correctness and confused attitudes toward sexuality.For the clever , worldly viewer this film is an absolute gem . After seeing it , you 'll never look at a &#34; pr&eacute;servatif &#34; -- or Gerard Depardieu -- the same way again .
 Great movie . I had to watch it for class and I actually enjoyed it !! It 's in French but you wo n't even realize you 're reading the subtitles
 I like this movie . It helps me learn some french :-RRB- It 's a funny movie which also includes some romance . As always , there 's a father who 's distant from his son because of work . I do n't want to be a movie spoiler , but it 's a must watch movie . Just remember to keep an open mind , and movie not for children .
 Good movie if you dont mind subtitles . I like that it is around 11/2 hours , good for my attention span .
 Just a fair warning , the movie would not stream on my friend 's Linux . I rented the movie from a video store the next day .
 One of the best exemples of french commercial movies . Great script , direction and acting.Do try to watch it in french ... with english titles , sure .
 THE CLOSET -LRB- orig . title LE PLACARD , 2001 , 85 minutes -RRB- is one of those subtle French comedies I often wish America could get the hang of making . We 're not known for subtlety - especially when it comes to the issue of society 's view of gay people.Francois Pignon -LRB- Daniel Auteuil , who looks like a cross between Tony Randall and Don Knotts -RRB- is an accountant for a condom factory . Bland , quiet , disrespected by his peers and frankly offensive simply because he 's boring , his job is in jeopardy . When they warn him he is to be fired shortly , he attempts suicide - and is rescued by his elderly neighbor . This wonderful , compassionate man turns out to be gay and has a backstory of his own . It is his brilliant idea to Photoshop some racy pictures showing Francois in a certain style of leather pants , with his boyfriend at a gay bar.This move to save his job will have hilarious , unforeseen consequences , not least of which will be the mental casualties suffered by the factory bully , Felix Santini -LRB- Gerard Depardieu who is halfway to becoming the enormous whale he 'd end up being -RRB- . The humor in this film is just fantastic . I enjoyed the cast of characters , who had terrible trouble refraining from using offensive terms for gay people
 This French comedy -LRB- subtitles -RRB- is one of the funniest I have seen . It deals with attitudes about homosexuality quite seriously without being heavy .
 One of the funniest movies I 've seen in long time . Daniel Auteuil was great . One of Gerard Departdieu 's best roles , in my opinion . I did n't think I 'd like the movie because it has English subtitles . But it was easy to read and the dialogue was hilarious .
 There is something painful in the movie in the circumstance that the company retains an employee just out of reverse discrimination -LRB- that is , because they believe that he is gay and so is firing-proof -RRB- . This is a REAL matter that is happening often -- whether the reverse discrimination is against whites , straights , or men.Apart from this , the movie is entertaining and it has serious and worthwhile scenes amidst the farce . Worth seeing .
 The premise of this movie is that a competent but quiet and unexciting accountant -LRB- Pignon -RRB- is getting fired for no particular reason except someone has to go and he 's considered expendable , being something of a zero in the eyes of his employer and coworkers . The opening scene says it all when he willingly is omitted from the annual company photo of the staff
 The Closet was hilarious . Daniel Auteuil plays a boring , dull , and mostly overlooked man who is ignored by his family -LRB- ex wife and son -RRB- , ignored or seen as useless at work , and basically has no personality or terribly redeeming qualities that can be seen . It is no wonder , then , when he discovers that he is going to be among those fired at his workplace , that he accepts this unquestioningly . Happily , his neighbor has a great talent for invention and sends a photo to Auteuil 's character Pignon 's office revealing him to be gay and something of a `` wild man '' outside of work . Naturally Pignon wo n't be fired now that his employer thinks he is gay ; this will be seen as ostracizing and divisive and prejudiced , singling him out for his sexual orientation . The events that take place after Pignon 's `` outing '' are farcical , comical and hilarious . Auteuil is a versatile actor , easily at home in comedy or drama , as is his co-star , Gerard Depardieu . Both handle their roles well . In the course of Pignon 's `` coming out '' Pignon actually discovers a great deal about himself and his life changes unalterably .
 `` Le Placard '' -LRB- The Closet -RRB- , from the creators of the highly acclaimed `` Dinner Game '' , is a perfect balance of high farce and social voyeurism delivered with true Gallic pathos . Daniel Auteuil and Gerard Depardieu are perfectly cast in this terrifically funny look into the change in the life of a boring man who becomes the office celebrity after `` coming out '' . The film starts with Francois Pignon -LRB- Auteuil -RRB- facing dismissal from his job . His workmates , his estranged wife and son all ignore him and he is on the verge of ending it all when a new neighbor -LRB- Michel Aumont -RRB- fortuitously arrives on the scene and tries to save Pignon . He hatches a plan to `` expose '' the straight Pignon to his workmates in order to engender sympathy and put fear into the minds of those who would fire him . Depardieu is brilliant as the homophobic personnel manager , Santini , who finds himself having to bow and scrape to the now - highly-esteemed Pignon . Unbeknownst to Santini , he has been set up . The office rumour mill is in overdrive and one can not help but observe the obvious social references of this beautifully constructed little gem . I got more belly laughs from this film than any I 've seen in years and whilst it 's not exactly Ibsen , it belongs on any `` must see '' list .
 `` The Closet '' is a delightful French satire on the politics of political correctness . With the assistance of a gay neighbour , divorced , dejected and downtrodden accountant Francois Pignon dishonestly `` outs '' himself in a desperate attempt to save his job at the condom factory . As his newly-adopted sexuality transforms his professional and personal life , Pignon finds that being different in today 's pro-diversity culture is no longer a disadvantage - it can actually make you cool . The wonderfully versatile Daniel Auteuil is terrific as Pignon , as is Gerard D&eacute;pardieu as the confused oaf Santini . Writer/director Francis Veber 's neat little screenplay pushes the concept about as far as it will go -LRB- but thankfully no further -RRB- , escalating the implications of Pignon 's ruse without ever resorting to slapstick histrionics . He also finds a nicely emotional through-line in a subplot about Pignon 's relationship with his son . Overall , this is a warm , intelligent original comedy which will have you thinking and laughing at the same time .
 Still again some of the bests actors frenchies who are G&eacute;rard DEPARDIEU and Daniel AUTEUIL in this comedy witch is very FUNNY AMUSING and also Jean Rochefort who 's the BOSS and many many others ! A poor man is obligatory , constrained to appear himself as a gay to keep on of his job ! REJOICY i 've JUBILATED AT ANY MOMENT OF THIS MOVIE when at the opening of this film when the hero take a council of an ancient worker gay who has lost his job for the same reason whitch the man actual who 's not gay and who will can retain his personal job because he work in a factory of condoms WONDERFUL IDEA OF VEBER WONDERFULS ACTORS !!! He will obtain every thing who he wanted with this SPLENDID PLOY ! VEBER IS A GENIUS ... OF THE LAUGH !
 I have laughed so much with this movie ! It is really hilarious and I bought it from Amazon and every time I am depressed I watch it . Daniel Auteuil is a magnificent actor . Do not miss it .
 Although Daniel Auteuil does his usual excellent character portrayal in this film , as an accountant who pretends to be gay to save his job with a condom manufacturer , it is Gerard Depardieu who steals the film . Depardieu plays a homophobic colleage who first schemes to get him fired and then seeks to engratiate himself with Auteuil in order to save his own job . I like this film better than this director 's `` The Dinner Party . '' For one , the other film has no counterpart to the hilarious Depardieu , found only in `` The Closet . '' Director Francis Veber can deliver with French comedies and that genre needs a resurrection from its glory days of the 1970s .
 `` It 's the eyes of the beholder '' . Yes , sure , but does it matter?Franois Pignon seems to be able to do nothing well in life . Until , byan accident of fate , and a bright neighbour , formerly an enterprisepsychologist , they find out how to avoid the bad news , get to knowwho 's who in his family and work colleagues , and get the reins of hisown life , which seemed to be a robot 's . Michel Aumont is a fantastic actor , so natural it makes you tremble.Without him , the film just would n't exist . Yes , Auteuil is also fine asa likable looser . When he `` squints like a gay '' , he really doessomething ... unusual . Like on a Rorschach test , it just takes anambiguous image for us viewers to project who we really are . Theenvious co worker , the racist macho , the brainy one who plays withother people 's feelings like if they were chess pieces , the brightbeautiful competitive blonde which rightly suspects from the start , theboss who wields power but just does n't want trouble , the bright Africanwho also has mixed feelings about the white majority , his stunning butsour & selfish ex wife , their aloof frivolous teenager , in short , thehuman comedy . Balzac would be proud.Pignon , like his neighbour 's kitten , is probably too grey to bedistinguishable from most people we know . If there 's somethingreassuring in this comedy that takes place at a fake condom factory isthat we could all change . If only ... Veber , director of `` The dinner game '' and of lesser works , is at hisbest here.While stereotypes abound , they are probably forced upon us to make the `` clockwork orange '' of gags work relentlessly . At that it succeedsadmirably.Pure enjoyment!PS
 First , the full disclosure
 Well constructed , funny , and a sublime social commentary . It took so little ... coming out of a closet never entered that changed people 's perceptions and behaviors in such strange and powerful ways . Using this to its benefit , the movie makes some strong statements in a hilarious fashion . Well worth watching !
 hilarious comedy , worth every minute you are struggling to understand the french language , subtitles are great
 An about-to-be-fired worker poses as a homosexual in a desparate effort to make his employers fear the loss of customers because of the firm 's sexual discrimination . This very funny movie contains no sordid scenes or offensive language . Gerard Depardieu plays the office red-neck . Do not be deterred by the French dialog and English subtitles . If you liked `` Diner de Fous '' you will like `` The Closet '' .
 I thought this movie was hilarious . Depardieu , who usually plays more serious roles - had me laughing hysterically . Behind all the silliness is an intelligent satirical commentary on business , lifestyle choices , over-the-top political correctness , hang-ups . Everything gets made fun of , still poignant and totally nutty . A gem .
 This was a really funny movie . I usually do n't like reading sub-titles , but I hardly even noticed them because the movie was so good . The humor is understated and well-done . I highly recommend this movie .
 I bought this movie for a our languages department - we show movies and have pizza as an evening activity . I saw the film a few years ago and watched it again - it 's hilarious !! Daniel Auteuil is a brilliant actor -LRB- see The Eighth Day 1996 -RRB- . There is one racy bit though which is why it 's an R and some suggestive language .
 This film was an interesting look at how people tiptoe around sexuality . The acting was well done , and the cliche characteristics of the homophobic are exagerated to show just how silly they really are . It is a light-hearted look at something serious -LRB- possibly the best way to do it -RRB- . It was above all entertaining , which is really all that I require from a movie .
 I 've been a fan of Daniel Auteuil for some time and look forward to each new movie . This one is very funny and entertaining .
 This is such an easy going movie . With such a theme , it could have turned to be terrible , but Francis Werber just knows how to bring each character to life . Throughout the movie , you get to know every person , love some , ca n't stand other , then like them more , it 's vivid , it 's lively , it 's touching.You go through many emotions
 You can still come out from the closet if you have never entered it . Closet is a pleasant , light and comic movie about constructing homosexuality , without being a homosexual at all .
 This comedy glides through its 80 plus minutes effortlessly . It 's about a dull accountant who is a push-over & he 's about the be fired . His divorced wife refuses to take his phone call , his son tries to avoid him because he 's so boring . Nothing in his life seems to be going right . Ironically , when he knows about his fate of facing the chop , his newly move in neighbour , who is a gay decides to help him to retain the job . That 's when the movie elevates to another level . His colleagues start to see him in another light , rumour spreads about his sexual mis -LRB- adventure -RRB- s , & his life starts to turn around for the better . Along the way , he gains his confidence & he starts to enjoy being himself . It 's difficult to convey this movie other than watching it yourself . The slapsticks , the jokes are blunt , very French . A movie that touches upon a serious issue about discrimination at work in a light-hearted manner . An all rounder movie . Highly recommended .
 `` The Closet , '' -LRB- `` Le Placard , '' 2001 -RRB- a French comedy/drama , was written and directed by Francis Veber , and stars Daniel Auteuil -LRB- The Valet -LRB- La Doublure -RRB- -RRB- , so skilled at playing a beleaguered everyman , as Francois Pignon , a man who discovers he is to be fired at his job . His ex-wife and son want nothing to do with him , just keep the checks coming please , and he 's so colorless , he 's already the invisible man at work . But , with the aid of his neighbor Belone , played by the veteran French actor Michel Aumont -LRB- The Woman in Blue -RRB- , Pignon cooks up the tale that he is homosexual , thereby preventing his employers from discharging him , due to anti-discrimination legislation . Felix Santini , a macho coworker who harasses Pignon until he begins to worry about his own job safety , is played by the wonderful Gerard Depardieu -LRB- Green Card -RRB- . The bemused boss of the company , Kopel , is played by another French veteran , Jean Rochefort -LRB- Mr. Bean 's Holiday Gift Set -RRB- . And there 's a featured performance from a darling little gray kitten.The movie is set in modern-day Paris , but largely in its suburbs and office parks , which we do n't really get to see very often over here . People live in apartment blocks , and drive cars ; office parks have parking lots . It 's nicely filmed , and gives us an interesting world . Plus , it 's warm , charming , and funny , though extremely light , and funniest the first time around . But it 's utterly conventional at heart . There 's no doubt that , somewhat disappointingly , it actually puts credence in the sexual stereotypes it 's been kidding
 Daniel Auteuil shines in this story of a man who risks losing his job but fakes his sexuality to keep his job . G&eacute;rard D&eacute;pardieu hilariously plays a man who goes mad as he falls for another man who he thinks is gay.The setting is a condom making factory . You can only imagine.A very funny film that reminds us why the French are progressive filmmakers ! Now we know that they can make comedy , too !
 I enjoyed Francis Veber 's ` The Closet ' - released in France in 2001 - for two reasons . First , it features an all-star ensemble of French acting , certainly a tribute to Veber 's skill as a director . Just take a gander at the first six names to appear on the IMDB credits : Daniel Auteuil ... . Franois PignonG&eacute;rard Depardieu ... . F&eacute;lix SantiniThierry Lhermitte ... . GuillaumeMich&egrave;le Laroque ... . Mlle BertrandMichel Aumont ... . Belone , the neighbourJean Rochefort ... . Kopel , the directorImagine a movie where the great Jean Rochefort gets slotted sixth . Each of these six stars can carry a movie in France on their own back . The fact that the group has teamed here is a testament to Veber 's reputation . His previous release , 1998 's ` The Dinner Game , ' was lauded far and wide as a comedic masterpiece . Actors get attracted to that type of skill.The second reason I got a kick out of watching ` The Closet '
 Le Placard is an interesting hybrid
 i saw it all in french , and let me tell you it 's a lot better than the translated version . i do n't want to give away all the plot , but a heterosexual man working in the condom industryacting like he 's gay to keep his job , how can that not be funny ?
 What an enjoyable film ! Funny from start to finish and full of little visual laughs . Leave it to the French -LRB- or British , or Italians -RRB- to be heartwarminly politically incorrect . Just go see it .
 This is an original film , plenty of laughs and smart situations . Possibly the finest comedy in years .
 This is a great movie to see on a wet rainy day when you need a chuckle . It has the right mix of wierd situations that are an ideal setting for the humour .
 One of the best films I 've seen this year ! With the market being so over saturated with typical ` good guy , bad guy ' Hollywood movies , it 's a refreshing change to run into a movie that so beautifully captures humanity . Thank you to the director for taking on such a tough subject and not forcing you to feel a certain way about the subject matter but allowing you to experience all sides of the conflict . The acting is wonderful on so many levels . The Jesus Nebot as the father and Susan Haskell as the victim 's mother specifically give knockout performances . The story will keep you on the edge of your seat . The added benefit being that it 'll touch your heart on a deep level . It 's no wonder this film has won so many awards . If you 're not convinced , go check out the film 's website at www.noturningback.com for the trailer .
 even as it races towards its inevitable and forgone conclusion . This movie reached me in a place I did n't even know I had . Jesus Nebot 's acting and directing ability should make him an international star . To me the two main characters in this drama are Pablo and Mrs. Knight , the bereaved mother -LRB- played by JAG 's Susan Haskell in a gut-wrenching performance -RRB- , forever connected to each other by an accidental tragedy with a cosmic resolution . This movie will stay with you .
 One of the best films I 've seen this year ! With the market being so over saturated with typical ` good guy , bad guy ' Hollywood movies , it 's a refreshing change to run into a movie that so beautifully captures humanity . Thank you to the director for taking on such a tough subject and not forcing you to feel a certain way about the subject matter but allowing you to experience all sides of the conflict . The acting is wonderful on so many levels . The Jesus Nebot as the father and Susan Haskell as the victim 's mother specifically give knockout performances . The story will keep you on the edge of your seat . The added benefit being that it 'll touch your heart on a deep level . It 's no wonder this film has won so many awards . If you 're not convinced , go check out the film 's website at www.noturningback.com for the trailer .
 even as it races towards its inevitable and forgone conclusion . This movie reached me in a place I did n't even know I had . Jesus Nebot 's acting and directing ability should make him an international star . To me the two main characters in this drama are Pedro and Mrs. Knight , the bereaved mother -LRB- played by JAG 's Susan Haskell in a gut-wrenching performance -RRB- , forever connected to each other by an accidental tragedy with a cosmic resolution . This movie will stay with you .
 How gratifying was to see a film that is not just highly entertaining but also socially relevant with a powerful message about the need of letting go of our judgements if in fact we all want to live harmoniously in a world as diverse as ours.This is independent cinema at its best !
 Finally it 's here !!! Been waiting to see this movie for a while . I viewed the YouTube Clips and they were awesome . This movie has plenty of drama and suspense , I have recommended it to all of my friends . Big ups to the Writer and Director . I especially loved the scene that the detective was involved in . All I can see is WOW !!!! You have to buy it and see it for yourself .
 I 've been waiting to see this movie since seeing the trailers . This movie is a must see !!! It has everything , suspense , drama and plots that will leave you reeling . Great from beginning to end . One of the best drama films this year . I ca n't wait for part two . Great JOB !!! And kudos on the Theatrical scenery . FIVE STARS PLUS
 There is not a great deal of plot , if you liked Hostel chances are you 'll enjoy this film , which is better in several ways . Personally , I watched for the beauty of Brazil as a country . If you 're seriously interested in Brazilian culture or the Portuguese language , this is unlikely to even wet the appetite . There are much better films out there for that . This is low-brow , gory , and moderately amusing fluff . My rating is based on comparisons to other films in the genre , not film as art .
 I 'm only writing a review of Turistas because the lower ratings I saw it getting . I watched the unrated version last night and it kept my attention all the way through . I think it has a great combination of everything that makes a good movie . Not that it is the greatest movie ever made , but it is 100 times better than a ton of movies out the last year . The setting is beautiful , there is comedy and terror.Nothing is OVER done , the little nudity and gore that this movie has is very tastefully done and not just there to try to shock the viewer.It is NOT a gore movie . I think the trailer very well represents exactly what the movie is , which is rare these days . I would not even compare this to Hostil ... that was a 10 on the gore meter , and Turistas is more like a 5 at most . Highly recommended FUN MOVIE !
 I do n't know where all the comparisons to Hostel came from . Hostel is a much darker more gruesome horror story . This was an excellent , fast-paced thriller with one gory scene . The only things they have in common are young Americans traveling to foreign countries.Alex -LRB- Fergie 's boyfriend , Josh Duhumel -RRB- is the uptight older brother of typical teenage sister Bea . Not much serious acting is required of anyone here . The best character/actress would have to be Pru , who is able to convey a lot of things in both English and Portuguese . There is a great under water chase scene that left me a little breathless . I do n't know that I need to buy this for my permanent collection , but was a good rental . Do n't be afraid to watch it because of the comparisons to Hostel , they are really nothing alike . My husband HATED Hostel and could n't sit through the whole thing , but he was able to really get into this movie and watched all of it . He did say he 's not visiting South America any time soon though ...
 I love how this movie shows the two extremes of Brazil ; the beauty and the beast so to speak of touring a country that has extremely lovely beach and jungle areas , but also bleak areas of poverty where corruption and crime ruin lives . Great concept for a movie , and very well written and filmed in my humble opinion . I really appreciated the cave/water scenes , since they are often so difficult to do . The action gets intense , and some scenes are pretty gruesome -LRB- do n't eat your dinner in front of this film if you have a weak stomach -RRB- , but I really loved the story and acting . This is a tale that makes you ` think ' about some of the horrid things going on in the world and the chain reaction of greed.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 I thought it was a pretty decent movie . I thought it was going to be one of those cheesy stupid gory movies but I liked it . Of course it helps that Josh Duhamel was in it . I recommend it .
 This movie was so intense it literally kept me off the edge of my seat . A friend told me about it saying I HAD to watch it . I could not believe the suspense . It was awesome .
 I do n't get why this movie is n't more popular . It 's got a good cast , many hot women in little to nothing , and a slasher plot that 's entertaining . I mean it 's not a 5 star worthy movie , but what horror movie is ? Stephen King 's IT , maybe ?
 Well . . a well made horror-flick , better as I expected it to be . . and it is better than `` Hostel '' for example - in my eyes . And the actors are far better then those usually presented in horror-movies ...
 SHORT REVIEW , for those with limited BS-tolerance or ADD
 To me , this was a very scarey movie with alot of twists and turns . Yes , it is like Hostel but also different . What does make it scarey is going to another country being `` mislead '' and believing that someone is there to help really is n't . The intention being that you are a `` product '' of what they are selling to others . It is a B horror flick that I thought was very well done . It does have alot of guys without their shirts and women in bikinis so this can be enjoyable to anyone . It does have it 's mistakes and flaws , but it is a cheap horror flick that is a `` no brainer '' so enjoy it as such . I do recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a movie that you do n't have to think too much about and you just want to have fun with .
 A lot of people have compared this to Hostel , but this is a much better movie than Hostel . First of all , this movie has more of a plausible plot . Young people on vacation in Brazil are lured away from their hotel to become unwilling organ donors . Josh Dumal , Fergie 's hubby and former Vegas star , is one of the actors . I think organ stealing is possible and maybe even probable when certain groups of people -LRB- can you say drug cartels ? -RRB- have unlimited money . I have definitely seen some weird situations in Brazil and in other places in South America . Thank God that none of the things I have seen compare to this movie . Very scary . The acting is good , the tension and thriller elements are good and even the scenery is good . It is very gory though , so if you can not stand the blood , get out of the jungle operating room .
 Turistas is in my opinion a movie with a lot of spice and drama . The scenery is not bad either . Nearly all the actors are incredibly good looking hard bodies and the music is totally cool and different . There is one scene where Pru -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- delicately wiggles out of her dress to reveal her bikini top she just put on . Totally origional and sexy . I have to try that sometime . Turistas is a bit cheesy but also an origional flick .
 This is one from the ` Backpacker Beware ' genre , that really would put anyone off from going absolutely anywhere without a body guard . It stars Josh Duhamel as Alex , who is backpacking through Brazil with his sister Bea -LRB- Olivia Wilde -RRB- and their friend Amy -LRB- Beau Garret -RRB- . They are on the worst driven bus in all of South America , when unsurprisingly the driver wrecks the thing . Everyone gets out and are told that the next bus has been booked - yaay ! But that it will take ten hours to possibly arrive - boo!So they decide to check out the local beach which has some exceedingly friendly locals and more narcotics than an Amsterdam Coffee Shop . So they decide that this is Paradise and together with three co travellers and another touring couple they decide to party on down . Two of these are brothers from London and Finn -LRB- Desmond Askew -RRB- has the strangest accent ever , but very recognisable , that might be why he gets to do so many voice overs for video games ; any way I digress.Once our plucky party animals wake up they realise they have been drugged and robbed , so in good old Western Tourist style they had off to inform the local Constabulary . Only there aint a Cop Shop , so they decide to reclaim their filched property from the locals ; and it goes very bad very quickly . Luckily they have made friends with one local who comes to their aid . We also have a sub plot of tourists going missing on a regular basis and a trade in human body parts , but are these events linked - mwaahh etc.Any way to say any more would be a plot spoiler and the whole point of this film is to be a horror , and it does work , whilst being moody , scary and quite gory all at the same time . There are also some stunning underwater shots and an awful lot of running about the place scantily clad ; so a big well done to director John Stockwell for that . There is great tension throughout and yes a couple of plot holes but they are forgivable as this is one of those films that I did not have high hopes for but was really pleasantly surprised , but not that pleasantly surprised at some of the more gruesome scenes , and definitely not one to watch with a TV dinner or even a bag of crisps and you might be risking even with a cup of tea , so do take care.Well acted , well paced and with the right amount of nice stuff to nasty stuff ratio that gets you to care about the characters and with enough oomph to keep you hooked until the end , and I am pretty sure the Brazilian Tourist Board would want to have a word with Mr Stockwell , but never mind as he has made rather a good little film - recommended .
 `` Turistas '' is a shocking , gory little gem . Do n't watch it before you go on vacation to a South American country . You may change your plans.The film begins with a heart pounding bus accident on the cliffs of Brazil , which leaves a group of American and European tourists stranded . After their brush with death , they all become friends and decide to party at a nearby bar on the beach . Their drinks are drugged and they awaken the next morning to discover all their possessions have been stolen . There are no police and the locals have conspired not to help them . One young man deceives them into following him to a remote house where a ghoulish nightmare ensues.Rife with suspense and gore , this film has a high body count . Chase scenes abound , taking place in rain forests and flooded caverns . The later scenes were very claustrophobic ; I felt myself suffocating . The acting from the young leads was very good and the photography was excellent . It was hard to imagine that such gruesome horror could take place in the tropical beauty of this primitive paradise . But the environment , as well as its people , are extremely deceptive . `` Turistas '' is highly recommended for those who prefer their horror taking place in the beautiful outdoors . It should be watched as a double feature with `` The Ruins , '' which I have also reviewed . Both movies involve innocent tourists fighting for their lives .
 If you are looking for a good movie that also has some elements of horror and thriller in it then this is the movie for you . If you are a horror movie aficionada and pine for a great movie then you ca n't go wrong with this one . High budget , good acting , well written . Some real tension in this movie and some unique suspense .
 THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT , UNEXPECTED AND A WONDERFUL MOVIE IF YOU 'RE PLANNING A TRIP OUT OF THE COUNTRY ... HA HA HA
 This film keep u in suspense all the time !! ... is a good film , very creppy !!! I recomended ...
 Very good , scary predicament - would not want to get caught in a situation like these tourists . Be ware of travel and your surroundings .
 `` Turistas '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- is about a mixed group of Americans/Europeans/Australians vacationing in Brazil who redirect after a bus mishap to a small village on the coast . There they run afoul of a group that routinely takes advantage of tourists , in a very diabolical manner.The reason `` Turistas '' has a mediocre general rating on Amazon -LRB- 3/5 Stars -RRB- is because it 's a cross-genre film , mixing adventure , thriller and horror . As a result , the gorehounds did n't find enough gore and the non-gorehounds found too much , turning both groups off.In fact , one gorehound complained that the first 2/3 of the film - the first hour - is boring because it hardly had any gore . Of course , his favorite part was a bloody operation scene . How one-dimensional and moronic is that ? Actually , I found the first hour to be the best part of the film.The film was shot on location in Brazil and successfully shows that country 's natural beauty , as well as its human squalor . It also reveals a somewhat more lawless society than America and Canada . Of course , this risks turning off Latin Americans , but - c'mon - everyone knows these are just the general facts ; it certainly does n't mean that Latin American countries are wholly cesspools of iniquity or that the USA and Canada are bastions of moral superiority.Olivia Wilde stars as one of the protagonists ; I guess she 's known for being a babe but , although sorta pretty , I do n't find her sexy at all in this movie . As a matter of fact , she 's blown out of the water by her two co-stars , Melissa George and Beau Garrett , who are clad in bikinis most of the time . It goes without saying , the film scores high marks on this front.The villain is a sociopath who justifies his actions in order to live with himself ; his accomplices are made up of destitute Brazilians of varying loyalties . As another reviewer noted , I like the way the film addresses the reluctance and moral struggle of some of these accessories.As pointed out above , amongst the occasional squalor there are numerous scenes of paradisical beaches , jungles , waterfalls and rivers . The waterfall/river sequences with the underwater caverns were an unexpected and creative touch.Some reviewers complain about how dumb the protagonists are , particularly when they follow a friendly Brazilian they met the day before far into the jungle to find sanctuary at his uncle 's remote abode . I guess these grumblers forgot to mention that the group HAD to get out of the village pronto because they almost started a riot after injuring one of the youths ; it was clearly stated that the kid 's father would be out for blood when he found out.Someone else complained about the group 's swim-respite at the waterfall as unbelievable , but this was after hiking ALL DAY and they were hot , dirty and tired ; it would only be natural to want to dive in for a refreshing break.Other than a slightly obnoxious loudmouthed Londoner , this was a pretty likable and believable group of people , headed well by Josh Duhamel . Their only real dumb move was getting totally sloshed on the beach and therefore setting themselves up for victimization . But is n't that a severe weakness of most 20-somethings on vacation -LRB- as well as teen-somethings , 30-somethings and 40-somethings -RRB- ? Some complain that `` Turistas '' is a `` Hostel '' knock-off , but both films were in production around the same time -LRB- `` Turistas '' started filming a mere two months after `` Hostel '' went into production and both films were released in 2006 -RRB- and , besides , if `` Turistas '' really wanted to rip-off `` Hostel '' would n't it have played up the torture angle a lot more ? As it is , `` Turistas '' is pretty tame compared to `` Hostel , '' as far as horrific torture scenes go . Not to mention `` Turistas '' has many aspects that `` Hostel '' lacks
 this movie does n't suffer -LRB- as much -RRB- as most other horror films from the ` stupid character syndrome ' , it 's there at times , but only enough to serve the story . It 's tense as heck , from the very beginning and where the movie succeeds i think is that it keeps a sense of realism and believability that most in the genre lose or never have . it 's a steady buildup from the start that peaks in one of the most creative chase scenes i 've seen .
 Deep in the most remote Brazillian jungle , a mad doctor waits for his latest delivery of model-type gringos . His scalpal is ready to help him in his organ removal enterprise . Oh , here comes the next bunch of TURISTAS now ! Time to sharpen the instruments and prepare the holding cages . I like this movie ! It 's actually got some tension and adventure to it . No , it 's not `` torture porn '' -LRB- I hate that catch-all phrase -RRB- , it 's a suspensefulthriller w / a few gory horror moments sprinkled -LRB- ok , splattered -RRB- around . If insane torture is what you crave , then perhaps PHILOSOPHY OF A KNIFE would be a better choice , because TURISTAS only has one or two truly `` shocking '' scenes . The rest is quite enjoyable ...
 I loved this movie . It 's nice to watch their vacation , what is going to happen with them . I was thrilled the whole movie , hoping nothing would happen to them . The scenes of diving in the cave are wonderful . Besides running from the kidnappers , they have to find a way out by swimming in deep and dangerous cave . Nice to see them having fun in the beginning , nice landscape , nice cast , some horror and suspense . Everything well balanced . I do n't understand what more people expect . They complain there is not a lot of horror , but that does n't make the movide bad . People do n't know how to appreciate a movie . People are so demanding . Never pleased . I loved this movie . It 's a first time I have to watch a movie again just to hear the comentary .
 The seller 's service was excellent and quick . I was expecting a little more sex and a bit less troubling horror , but I am a very happy customer .
 A lot of negative reviews here might make you overlook this movie . It is in the Hostel/Saw genre of gross out , torture movies , but is actually fairly entertaining . The movie plays on the abduction fears many tourists have about latin America and steps it up a notch by adding in black market organ thieves . Sexy actors and actresses and a beautiful natural landscape provide nice eye-candy which coupled with an interesting story line makes for a good night of entertainment . Sure there is the obligatory gory scenes , but that is all part of this popular genre . The bottom line is if you like Saw you will probably like this movie . If you do n't like the gross-out genre then this movie probably is n't for you .
 This turned out to be a really good movie ! I actually saw this movie for sale in Blockbuster for $ 5 months ago , but after reading the description of it , chalked it up to being another edition of Hostel . Only recently when it came on cable did I realize that it is much , much better than Hostel .
 Surely , Hostel pushes gore into new level . But to be honest I think Turistas is slightly more realistic than Hostel . A group of 20s something were picked up one by one and slaughtered for their internal organs while vacationing in Brazil -LRB- wonder whether this movie is banned in Brazil for bad publicity of its tourism -RRB- . Lead charactered is a brother and a sister -LRB- a rarity as flicks like this usually they are lovers - also check out Jeepers Creepers 1 as the main heroes are also brother and sister -RRB- Overall , the movie is well-paced , well-balanced between action , gore , humour and yes , SEX . The dvd itself is slighty disappointing . The 5.1 sound is OK but the picture transfer is too dark so it is hard to see what 's going on the screen in the night scenes . There is also a good commentary by director John Stockwell.If you like Hostel , this one is no brainer but even if you do n't like Hostel , you may still like this one as this is better than HOSTEL .
 I liked this movie better than Hostel . This movie has great scenery in the amazonian jungle plus a A plus underwater chase scenes . There 's only one gory kinda disturbing death scene . Even though the main characters are one dimensional , you could relate and identify with each character so you cared for the person who dies . In hostel , I did n't care and i feel asleep in the theatres when i saw Hostel . I really did n't believe any of the characters in Hostel . What are the chances of seeing a Hispanic guy whose best friends are two white americans that go on a trip to Europe . Give me a break . Because most hispanic people do n't have white americans as best friends . Come on ! There 's still a lot of racism and this is polite society . People are racist behind closed doors . I find Turistas much more believable than Hostel .
 For whats its worth i found this movie to be a pretty good horror flick , funny entertaining and a little gorry.Sure no a - list actors but it ' still had suspense intensity and a genuinely terrfying twist.The fact that other smaller contries are still unknown and a little murky to americans and their attitudes towards us help to make this movie all the more realistic i thought it was A LOT BETTER THAN HOSTEL .
 If you need a reason to keep your vacations within your home country , this trip makes the escapades in `` Deliverance '' seem like a nice rafting trip down the river!He 's my poetic tribute to this scary and very gross movie with apologies to `` Do n't Stand so Close to Me '' from the Police.Young a-dults ... Decide to ... Go down to BraziliaBig party ... Great rum drinks ... Hard bodies want the wild free loveA bus ride ... gets crazy , ... It falls down canyon wallA bar is , close by now , . . Let 's head down to the shoreDo n't take - ... Do n't take my ... Do n't take my organs outDo n't take - ... Do n't take my ... Do n't take my organs out!Some Roofies , they mugged them , they ripped off all their stuffThe town folk , do n't like them , ca n't leave there soon enoughA rock thrown , there 's bleeding , a mob soon starts to formWhat ensues in their life next , they 'll rue that they were bornDo n't take - ... Do n't take my ... Do n't take my organs outDo n't take - ... Do n't take my ... Do n't take my organs outPleeaaasseeDo n't take - ... Do n't take my ... Do n't take my organs out !
 Only two stars total from first 9 reviewers ? I liked watching Turistas . It deserves four stars , but I 'm giving it five to level out the , in my view , unfairly low initial ratings.Contrary to what other reviewers have said here , in my opinion the acting was impeccable , the plot - although simple - was believable and engaging , and the movie was n't a direct knock off of anything known , unless one considers as such every `` tourists-in-danger '' type of film . I 'd recommend Turistas over some recent horror flicks , including Saw III , which I thought was pretty dull , and Sublime , which was 100 % c * apola.Whoever traveled to a foreign country in the casual style of our young turistas , will be familiar with situations presented in the film
 ** SPOILERS ** I liked this film in that it really could happen to anyone . Think about it . You are at a bar on the beach . The next thing you know you wake up and have been robbed ! At least this part was scary . I loved the scenery and the acting was good . I liked the rational the Head bad guy had as it was n't just killing for no reason . Worth seeing and at the price it 's going for here on Amazon worth picking up .
 There seems to be a lot of strange people who do the reviews on Amazon that just look for the gore and little plot - as per the likes of `` Hostel '' etc . This film is not a gore fest - it is in the tradition of a good thriller with a good storyline . The tension starts from the very beginning of the film - you get to know the main characters very quickly and all that happens to them makes a lot of sense a lot of backpackers the world over who travel to 3rd world destinations will testify to . The acting is excellent , the script fine , the location unusual , the thrills non stop , and the horror in adequate doses to make the film believable . Do n't judge this film by a few reviews on here including Amazon 's own which is fairly inaccurate -LRB- which makes me believe that the Amazon reviewer has ` nt actually watched the movie but is quoting from other references -RRB- . As per the reviews i read on `` Vacancy '' recently which were also very unfair and inacccurate by reviewers who were wantinga cheap B movie gore fest - this film is of a high quality in all aspects - RECOMMENDED to keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish - good traditional bloody thriller !!
 If you 're going to buy `` Turistas '' expecting to see a Hostel '' Eli Roth '' type film ... Your not going to , What you will see is a good , well acted , action packed movie with pretty people , beautiful scenery and some blood `` not much '' but the premise is not Horror it 's more like the vacation from hell.Over all I liked this movie and recommend it for someone not looking for a hard core horror or gore film but just a good suspenseful action movie .
 This is one of those horror movie that falls in line with movies like Hostel . If you like gore and easy to guess story lines and just enjoy horror movies , it is one that can be enjoyed . By far do n't expect any Oscar winning performances , but the acting is still enjoyable .
 I am very much aware that there are several personal factors at work when it comes to reviewing `` Turistas . '' First , this is my ninth horror film in nine days having just gone through the 8 files 2 die 4 that made up the 2007 edition ofAfter Dark Horrorfest , and having not been overly impressed by any of those films I am not surprised that this one looks great in comparision . Second , when I took Health in high school they showed us an educational film to convince us that smoking was a bad think which consisted of not just the traditional film of doctors cutting out a cancer ravaged lung but the beginning of the operation where they make the initial incision and then crack the chest open . Believe me when I tell you that it was all the stuff before they got to ripping out that guy 's rotten lung that had us ready to lose our breakfast -LRB- gym class was before lunch -RRB- . Third , my daughter headed off to Costa Rica last month to serve in the Peace Corps for the next couple of years , so the fact that I keep reading books -LRB- Kathy Reichs ' `` Grave Secrets '' -RRB- or seeing movies -LRB- `` Borderland '' -RRB- in which horrible things happen to young women in one of our Latin American neighbors is really starting to creep me out.A bunch of turistas are on a bus going too fast on a roadway somewhere in Brazil . When they find themselves suddenly off of the bus , a group of them decide to see if they can find a party instead of another bus . We have Alex -LRB- Josh Duhamel -RRB- , who is vacationing with his sister , Bea -LRB- Olivia Wilde -RRB- , and her free-spirited friend , Amy -LRB- Beau Garrett -RRB- . Then there is Pru -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- , visiting from Australia , and a couple of English blokes , Finn -LRB- Desmond Askew -RRB- and Liam -LRB- Max Brown -RRB- , who help make Alex look like the good guy that he is . Along with some others the group indeed finds themselves a party , but this turns out to be bad news rather than good news by the time the sun comes up the next morning . Then things good from pretty bad to infinitely worse.The scene that first caught my attention in this 2006 film was the one with the first deaths , mainly because they were so quick and simple . Horror movies tend to wallow on the death scenes these days , and certainly `` Turistas '' has one of the more protracted killings as its centerpiece , Besides , there is an implicit lessons in those initial deaths , because killing is not the goal here , just a natural -LRB- so to speak -RRB- byproduct of the goal . As for the scene that is supposed to get you , well , it really got me because to my way of thinking it was something that could really happen -LRB- plus I think regardless of the context what we are seeing taps into a basic human fear or two -RRB- . My main complaint with the film is a constant one as a fan of horror films , which is that I did not find the end game to be as strong as the set up . Granted , very few horror films have endings as good as their set ups , but we would still like to hold out hope that things will work out that way.As for the `` Turistas '' vs. `` Hostel '' debate , it seems to be to be apples and oranges . Although they are both are young people traveling in foreign lands and having horrible things happen to them , `` Hostel '' is quintessential torture porn and I do not see `` Turistas '' as being in that contemporary sub-genre of horror films . Besides , I thought the element that worked best in `` Hostel '' was not the graphic violence and dismemberment but the whole `` what the hell is going on here ? '' bit . In the traditional splatter flick -LRB- e.g. , `` Halloween '' -RRB- the audience is usually aware of the backstory that explains the killer 's motivation , while the victims are usually left in the dark . In `` Hostel '' we do not have a clue -LRB- which is why thesequelhad to go in a different direction given that the audience can not be surprised twice -RRB- . Both stories are sort of predicated on urban legends -LRB- if something happening in a Brazillian jungle can be said to fall into that category -RRB- , so each may be equally ludicrous judged in the light of day , but what happens in `` Turistas '' strikes me as something that human beings have really done to each other much more so than anything that happens in the factory in `` Hostel . `` Final Note -LRB- contains what is technically a minor spoiler -RRB-
 After watching ` Hostel ' and HATING that movie and giving it away ... I found this movie MUCH better . It was worth the few dollars.Turistas left a few things to your own imagination and left you thinking morelike you actually had somewhat of a brain . There was more actual ` writing ' in it than Hostel .
 Among the better movies from the recent batch of extreme/torture horror , it 's a shame that Turistas is probably destined forever to live in the shadows of the `` Hostel '' series , because it 's significantly better than either installment that Hostel has yet produced . Following an unmistakably similar plot as the first `` Hostel '' - although I think both movies started production at about the same time and this one just took longer to finish - `` Turistas '' finds -LRB- as does its better-known peer -RRB- a group of vacationers travelling to an exotic hot spot -LRB- in this case Brazil -RRB- for a fun-filled getaway , only to run afoul of a local group of brutal , torture-minded psychopaths . The main differences are , I guess , rather subjective . Personally , I thought Turistas was scarier and sexier than Hostel , and had more likable protagonists and more interesting villains . In the first half , there 's little overtly horror movie-ish about the film
 This movie is reminiscent of the movie HOSTEL only without as much gore . As a serious horror fan , I thoroughly enjoyed Hostel but every once in a while you need an intense thriller that focuses more on the tension of the situation than just blood and guts . This movie is that more tense / less gore `` Hostel '' . The themes are similar -- American/European tourists going on vacation to a foreign exotic country where they get way more than they bargained for when they fall into the sinister hands of a group of locals with other inhumane plans ... . I thoroughly enjoyed the movie ; the acting was pretty decent , nothing overtly cheesy and their responses and interactions were believable . I could realistically believe that this storyline could have actually taken place . The plot was nothing overly imagined nor too far fetched in my opinion . The characters were intriguing to watch -- likable personalities and sensual hard bodies * smiles * ... I think this movie was good enough to have caught it on the bigs screen but popping it into your DVD player on a lazy Saturday is a good bet also . Overall a good `` vacationers in danger '' thriller .
 There are a few things every person traveling abroad must know . One , do n't drink the water . Two , have your passport on you at all times . Three , airport baggage handlers will either lose your baggage or destroy it . Four , do n't accept a drink from a stranger . Five , update all vaccinations . And , six , the most important rule , that 's NOT a woman . In Turistas , one unfortunate group of aimless pleasure-seekers definitely learns all but the most important lesson -LRB- maybe even them all -RRB- . When a group of likeable , sexy American tourists make their way to Brazil , they quickly see how enticing the country can be . The beaches , the drinks , the women
 Turistas -LRB- John Stockwell , 2007 -RRB- I think Turistas may hold the record for speed of a theatrical release making it to DVD ; I was watching it at home less than three months after it came out in the theaters . And while I have to say I understand why it redefined the term `` box-office disaster , '' it 's not nearly as bad a film as I was expecting it to be . Much of the problem , both with my expectations and -LRB- I suspect -RRB- the turnout at the cinema , had to do with the press ' endless comparisons between this film and Hostel , comparisons which are about as warranted as those between , say , My Fair Lady and The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari . Yes , there 's the same mix of sex and violence , but in nowhere near the same ratio -LRB- nor amount -RRB- to be found in the wonderful world of Eli Roth . I 'd have a hard time believing that Stockwell had to do anywhere near as much cutting to get his R as Roth did.Stockwell -LRB- Nixon -RRB- opens his film with three characters on a Brazilian vacation -- Alex -LRB- Las Vegas ' Josh Duhamel -RRB- , his sister Bea -LRB- Alpha Dog 's Olivia Wilde -RRB- , and her friend Amy -LRB- Guess model Beau Garrett -RRB- . A combination of inattention and aggression in the bus driver causes an accident , and the three of them , along with some newfound friends -- Pru -LRB- Melissa George , recently of The Amityville Horror -RRB- , an Australian , and London brothers Finn -LRB- The Hills Have Eyes ' Desmond Askew -RRB- and Liam -LRB- TV actor Max Brown -RRB- -- find what seems to be paradise just down the hill , a white sandy beach with a bar run by beautiful , mysterious Camila -LRB- Brazilian actress Andrea Leal , in her first major American appearance -RRB- . The six of them hook up with Svend -LRB- Gustav Roth -RRB- and his girlfriend Annika -LRB- Olga Diegues -RRB- , who have been staying there for the past three days , and the group is set . Oh , except for the token native , Kiko -LRB- Agles Steib -RRB- , a Brazilian who 's been studying English , but has n't had any native speakers on which to test his skills . As with all paradises , you know things are about to go bad quickly . They do.Where Hostel seemed to me to be far less about plot and more about how much Roth could get away with within the Hollywood machine -LRB- rather like Wes Craven 's Last House on the Left thirty-plus years previous -RRB- , Turistas imposes a plot , interesting characters , etc. on the formula -LRB- continuing the parallel , think , say , Men Behind the Sun -RRB- . For the most part , I think , Stockwell quite succeeds , but the trade-off is that the gorehound crowd get not nearly as much of what they 're looking for , while the plot-and-character crowd will find their stomachs turned by what little gore there is -LRB- there 's really not enough nudity to cause anyone to squirm , and what there is is , with the exception of one comedic scene , presented in the least sexy way possible ; Stockwell was not out to titillate here -RRB- . Thus , like so many neglected movies , the main problem with Turistas is not really a problem at all
 good movie besides what the other ding dong reviewers say . its not the typical hack and slash and thank goodness its refreshing for a change.Is does Build tension and thank goodness for that Also . its nice for a change to have a movie build up the situation instead of just throwing it in your face . . This movie isnt a block buster , but it is a good movie to watch just to kill a few hrs and then be happy that the Movie didnt turn out like most Crap happy horror flick .
 When I meant to download Rush Hour 3 starring Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan on Limewire OS X , the movie was replaced with this movie , `` Turistas '' . I willingly watched the movie and realized how the world can be so gruesome and deceptive . In fact , Brazil is devoid of safety and peace . To those who travel overseas or wish to migrate or travel internationally , please go to US Travel website
 Silent movie fans will be delighted with this swashbuckling tale starring the one and only Douglas Fairbanks ! Set in France of long ago , this film uses elaborate costumes , wonderful sets and a hoard of extras . Fairbanks IS Dartanion as he sword fights his way into the Musketeers with bavery , arrogance and that wonderful touch of humor that seems to sparkle through his films . Spectacular stunts -LRB- done by the man himself -RRB- , a wild chase scene and a supporting cast including Eugene Paulette -LRB- before he became rotund -RRB- and Adolph Menjou make this a silent screen classic everyone will enjoy ! Watch out for the `` odious Cardinal ! ''
 This is where it all started
 The French reviews may have been scathing enough for him to swear never to set foot in France again but Douglas Fairbanks ' 1921 version of The Three Musketeers is easily one of the original King of Hollywood 's most enjoyable films , with less of his scenery-chewing ham that dates so many of his films and more of the great stunts that fuelled his fame , many of which are still very impressive indeed today . The sword fights are pretty decent , but more for Fairbanks ' athleticism than the fencing as he leaps over duelling swordsmen or stabs one of Richelieu 's dastardly men while doing a somersault . Small wonder it was one of Fairbanks ' favorite roles and one he would return to in his lavish farewell to the silent era , 1929 's superb The Iron Mask.Even though it 's pre-Production Code , the story has been more than a little watered down to suit the morality of the day - the Queen here is no adulteress and the Duke of Buckingham 's advances are emphatically unwanted , while Milady is a minor character who never gets to seduce D'Artagnan , let alone have her revenge - and it 's more D'Artagnan than the Musketeers , a star vehicle that relegates his three companions to sidekicks for most of the film . Yet it 's all great fun , the comedy playing well and Fred Niblo directing with vitality , filling the Paris street scenes with a convincing array of movement and everyday activity to disguise his comparatively limited resources -LRB- it 's nowhere near as spectacular as it 's infinitely superior sequel -RRB- . It 's decently cast too , with Adolph Menjou 's King Louis and Nigel de Brulier 's villainous Cardinal Richelieu making a good double-act as they try to outwit each other and Eugene Palette 's Aramis making the most of his limited opportunities.Kino 's DVD is definitely the one to go for
 While this is ultimately an enjoyable and fulfilling film , I do n't think it 's perhaps the most ideal first Douglas Fairbanks film for a new fan , nor an ideal first silent either . Because it was based on a novel , naturally a lot of things were condensed or left out entirely . This works two ways ; those who have read the book and loved it will be upset that a lot of key elements were left out , and those who have n't read the book yet wo n't always be able to fully understand what 's going on . And since it was based on a novel , it is a bit chatty for a silent , with numerous lengthy intertitles . Because there are so many characters , it 's kind of hard to keep track of who 's whom ; the numerous plotlines can also be a bit hard to keep track of . A condensed version of the rather complex plot is that the picture starts with King Louis XIII -LRB- Adolphe Menjou before he became a big star -RRB- and his wife Anne of Austria -LRB- the rather doughy-faced Mary MacLaren -RRB- . These two did n't exactly have the happiest of marriages , and I 'll never forget my AP European History teacher , my sophomore year of highschool , telling us the story about how if it had n't been for a certain thunderstorm one evening that forced the unhappily wed couple to take refuge in a cabin , there would have been no Louis XIV . Louis XIII 's scheming right-hand man Cardinal Richelieu thinks he 's going to expose the affair Anne has been having with Duke Buckingham of England -LRB- George Villiers , who was notoriously sleazy , corrupt , and hated in real life , so much so he was later assassinated -RRB- , but Anne is tipped off to his plan and manages to stay one step ahead of him , though it becomes hard to conceal her secret from her husband , particularly after she gives Buckingham a farewell token of a diamond buckle her husband gave her , a buckle Louis XIII later demands she wear to a ball . Intersecting with this rather convoluted costume drama is the story of brash young D'Artagnan -LRB- Douglas Fairbanks -RRB- , who leaves home hoping to become a member of the legendary Musketeers , Porthos , Athos , and Aramis . D'Artagnan is very hot-headed , willing to fight and duel at the drop of a hat , and makes himself several enemies before he even gets to Paris . D'Artagnan wins the respect and friendship of the Musketeers and is allowed to fight alongside them . While he is living in Paris , he falls in love with Constance , his innkeeper 's pretty daughter -LRB- Marguerite de la Motte , his leading lady in a number of his early films -RRB- . The two main plots intersect when the Queen has D'Artagnan and the Musketeers dispatched to go to England to get back her diamond buckle in time for the ball , so that her honor will not be besmirched . This final part of the movie is the most action-packed , suspenseful , and compelling.Douglas Fairbanks was best at swashbuckling , action , and adventure , and there 's enough of it to go around here , even when he 's in period costume and held back from completely taking center stage due to all of the other characters . -LRB- And when he is onscreen , he 's constantly in motion and stealing the scene . -RRB- Although a lot of character development and themes from the book had to be left out , one does n't usually watch Doug 's movies for things like those . One watches his movies for exciting action and adventure ; things like character development and deep meaningful themes are secondary concerns . He might not have been a * great * actor necessarily , but he did have an incredible amount of charm , charisma , personality , and screen presence to make up for it . However , as good as the film is , it 's not really the most ideal introduction to Fairbanks , what with all of the twists and turns in the story , all of the different plots and characters to keep track of , and the fact that it 's quite chatty , which usually does n't work for a silent . And coupled with those reasons , I 've just never been very interested in 17th century history -LRB- actually I find that era kind of boring -RRB- , which is when this takes place .
 Sometimes the simplest things are the best ! I can recommand also the french silent movie version from henri diamant-berger -LRB- in 1921 too -RRB- that was a huge budget for this time and was lost forever before being found by chance in a private home.No matter how thrilling and entertaining all the movie adaptations of dumas stories are , the book is still the bestThat old movie is very close to the book which is a great thingto get it , go to the french amazon -LRB- www.amazon.fr -RRB- and type les trois mousquetaires choose the one from diamant-berger
 It is a little hokey but that is how we were back then . It is one of the first adaptations of the novel and it is wonderful to watch . Chas E. Moser
 I first saw this film when it was the feature film of The Hamptons Film Festival , on Long Island , last year . It is really quite extraordinary , with a five-star cast that includes Ethen Hawke and Kristin Scott Thomas . The story is set in Paris , but in the less visited and seedy outskirts of the city , away from all those fat boulevards and skinny streets , where the sidewalks are about as wide as a postage stamp . And I love the moody , dark quality of this film , with its very Twilight Zone-like story . There is absolutely nothing `` generic '' about this film , which sets it apart the all those Hollywood assemblyline movies
 Ethan Hawke and Kristin Scott Thomas are superb in this film , with a story that will have you guessing until the very end - and maybe thereafter !
 Innocently looking thru the amazon video collection I chose to watch this movie only because Kristen Scott-Thomas , one of my favorites , was in it . For the first 24 minutes I watched Ethan Hawkes character go from one bad decision to another . I did n't like this bumbling intellectual writer . After he has made an inept attempt to see his child at his ex-wife 's home in Paris , nearly gets arrested , loses his luggage and money , winds up giving his passport to a seedy hotel owner who later gives him a mysterious job , I was ready to depart . But I waited for Kristen to appear in the 25th minute . Disgust began to move to curiosity and an appreciation for Hawke 's acting and the growing mystery of the story . I wished I had not rushed to so many judgments at the beginning . -LRB- How many times and ways have I done that -RRB- . But I was confused by the end and it haunted me . I did n't have the benefit of reading the book but that may not have helped as the director 's script is apparently not an exact match.So I decided to watch it again a few days later . I certainly did n't come up with definite answers but I tried to pay more attention to details . The `` magical forest '' of his first novel . Kristen 's line `` You do n't know what you are capable of . '' The statements to his daughter in the long letter he wrote to her , `` Do n't be upset if you do n't see me again . '' and `` I must shield you from the darkness in me . '' Kristen 's advice , `` Forget your wife and daughter . '' Is he a killer ? Will he construct another novel from his `` experiences '' with Kristen 's character and the content of the long , long letter that he originally intended for his daughter ? Or will he soon just crash and burn . The Hawkes character is not particularly sympathetic even though he is obviously broken and suffering . He does n't generate much of an emotional response . So the positive aspects of the movie are the acting , directing and mysterious script . Do n't watch it if you are looking for the feel good or the familiar or the tidy ending .
 What a great and tragic film . I thought this movie was just going to be about some down and out dude in Paris trying to get back with his ex wife and daughter . Boy was I wrong -LRB- again -RRB- . Reality can be a very `` iffy '' thing sometimes . GREAT acting . Well done Ethan my man !
 This movie is based on the novel as the story begins with a man who arrives in Paris , determined to visit his wife and daughter , and hopefully renew a relationship with them . His visit does n't go well , and he wants to stay , but has no money for room and board . He agrees to take a job as a night guard in exchange for room and board , while spending countless hours writing letters to his daughter . On one particular evening , he gets invited to a literary gathering , meets Margit who seduces him , and they wind up in a passionate love affair . He becomes more-and-more confused after a turn of events as to the thin line between dreamworld and reality , finds no solutions to his feelings , and continues to be tormented with his own thoughts . The story is interesting and grabs your attention , and acting performance is Excellent . Highly Recommended !
 Douglas Kennedy 's perplexing novel THE WOMAN IN THE FIFTH has been further contorted by writer/director Pawel Pawlikowski for the film of the same name -LRB- aka La femme du V&egrave;me -RRB- . If the viewer has read the novel then the confusion of the story will not be as surprising as it is to the novice viewer . In many ways this is a brilliant cinematic exploration of the fragility of the human mind , how events of the past can influence the manner in which we attempt to reconstruct a viable present . But in other ways this is a film that refuses to tell a story that is logical and will leave many viewers with some serious head scratching by movie 's end.Academic professor of literature and writer Tom Hicks -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- seems to be fleeing America in the wake of a scandal simply because he wants to see his six-year-old daughter Chlo&eacute; -LRB- Julie Papillon -RRB-
 If you are looking for Ethan in Training Day , Lord of War or some other action flick , sorry , you got off on the wrong floor . This is a a surreal and unusual love story about a little man lost . How he is lost , where he is lost ; those are the questions . This movie is not a feel-good love story . There are no sunsets to ride off into here . Only darkness.If you are up for a mentally and emotionally challenging movie , one that transcends culture and language , then this will be one you want to see . It is a Polish Film Institute award-winner . !!!!! There are subtitles , as some of the characters speak French , Polish and Arab . For those who are turned off by subtitles , do n't be . They are not prevalent in this film , but they do exist . I brought that up because a lot of friends and colleagues tell me they wo n't watch a film with subtitles . I can personally attest to the fact that , if I shared their disdain , I would have missed many excellent films . Be brave . Be bold . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thanks for reading my review . My goal is to help you get the most value for your hard-earned money and avoid an unpleasant customer experience . ROB
 The DVD cover claims this is a psycho thriller . Well , well . Let 's put it in clearer terms
 Just watched this on FearNet and will definitely buy this on dvd ! I love crappy , gorey , over the top films and while it breaks no ground it harkens back to the beloved films of the 1980 's that throw away plot and logic for gore gags and fun . Crispin Glover is great as Simon and this movie delivers on all levels . Fans of the original Mother 's Day , Texas Chainsaw 2 and others of this ilk will enjoy this . I am not saying it is as good them , but good for a chuckle and midnight rewatching . Recommended !
 Simon Says is a slasher movie along the lines of Wrong Turn and Texas Chainsaw Massacre , only it has a slap happy Crispin Glover standing in for the cannibals . There 's also a lot of dark comedy bits in this one . And one scene reminded me of a scene from Friday the 13th Part 6
 Simon Says was n't a terrible movie . I loved it because Crispin Glover was in it-he did a good job with his part . I did n't really take the movie seriously at some parts and actually laughed a few times . It had some blood/gore and some suspense . I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good gory slasher film or anyone who likes Crispin Glover .
 If only there was more low budget horror flicks that could deliver like this one ... Cheesy , Campy , and Crispin Glover ... All in all this film was a riot , for anyone who enjoys a little humor in their horror this one 's a MUST .
 You must buy this film , It is one of the best horror films that Ive seen in the last couple of years ... Stanley & Simon are brothers & well they like to hunt & kill ...
 Simon Says is a REALLY gross horror film about five teenagers who go on a camping trip . Upon arriving to the forest ... typical teenage relationship drama takes up the first 30 minutes of storytelling BUT !!! Keep watching !! It actually improves !! When the actual killing extravaganza gets underway -LRB- involving a killer named - you guessed it - a guy actually named Simon ! -RRB- * this * is when the movie really wins me over.Simon obviously has mental problems . He 's also insanely jealous of his twin brother . None of that really matters though , because the main focus is definitely on the * extremely * bloody and creative ways Simon goes crazy on these five innocent teenagers.I really want that axe-shooting machine ! How awesome would it be to walk around through the woods with a machine capable of flinging several axes in the air at lightning speed ? Would make hunting a breeze , I tell ya!Much of the focus is definitely on how the teenagers get slaughtered up with blood and guts dripping from tree branches and stuff . Yes it 's enough to make any normal person sick , but hey , the same thing happens to animals and we eat delicious chicken all the time ! `` Please do n't kill me ! I do n't want MY blood pouring swiftly all over the forest ! `` Anyway , yes - this is definitely one exceptionally violent horror film . Expect one brutal death after another for the entire second half . It takes a little while for the actual storyline to kick in , but rest assured - it * will * eventually kick in , and kicks in with a vengeance .
 Okay , Now that I 've finally seen slasher film `` Simon says '' , I can write down what I really felt about Crispin Glover being in it . Well , to be honest , when I knew about him taking this role of Stanley/Simon , I thought to myself , he did this before . `` Drop Dead Sexy '' is the other movie where he had a hillbilly accent . But , he really laid this character flat on the table . You could say that he was into his character in a weird , cocky , wacky and scary way . Of course it was bloody and creatively gory with the victims being slashed to pieces . And Blake Lively and her sister appeared and they look a lot alike . What I do n't know is that Crispin might have a younger brother or son in this film . Boy , did he make me laugh . That 's why I ca n't stop thinking about this movie , because he made being a killer fun and wild . Besides , he made Stanley look so ... good . Anyway , he had some very creative ways to kill the teens . Never seen an pickaxe-thrower machine in any other horror movie , it was neat . So was the other weapon that he used . The only thing I did n't like about Stanley -LRB- or -RRB- Simon is that he kills dogs . I 'll never get used to a dog-killing maniac , that was the only flaw the film had . To have Crispin laugh and crack jokes while scaring the teens to death is indeed a treat . He looked like he was having fun . To put this to a close , I 'll never forget about this movie . I 'll take this over `` Wizard of Gore '' any day.Horror , Comedy , Sexual Situations and Suspense , what can go wrong with that ?
 Crispin Glover -LRB- FRIDAY THE 13TH
 A group of kids in a van head out to the woods to pan for gold -LRB- and get laid of course -RRB- and run into a backwoods lunatic , and tra-la ... tra-la ... tra-la . Zero , repeat , zero here will surprise the viewer . Everything is strictly by the numbers here . One minute after meeting our cast of victims you want them all to die horrible deaths , even the `` nice '' girl.So why in God 's name did I give this crud four stars ??? The magic two words
 This production of `` The Good Soldier '' shows what television can do to translate a terrific novel to the screen . The story is about two couples , one American and one British , and is narrated by the American husband . As the story develops , he realizes that most of what he has believed about his relationship with his wife and with his British friends is based upon lies . For this reason , several crucial scenes are shown twice -- the first time they appear innocent or inexplicable ; the second time , when the narrator has learned of the events leading up to the scenes , they take on a very different appearance . The uncertainty of the truth of what you are seeing is indicated in an opening montage of various scenes from the entire story , which -LRB- if you have n't read the novel -RRB- will seem very confusing at first . By the end of story , you can see why the narrator begins by describing this as the saddest story he knows . I saw the production decades ago on PBS , and then for many years had a recorded VHS tape -LRB- now gone -RRB- . It 's great to have this on DVD . It would be nice to know if there are any special features , but even there are n't , it 's still great.By the way , it 's true that John Ratzenberger -LRB- Cliffie on Cheers -RRB- does a great job as a seductive love interest for one of the women . Hard to believe if you watched Cheers , but Ratzenberger has a wider range as an actor than you would think .
 Of course , much is lost in the translation of `` The Good Soldier '' from page to screen , chiefly the narrative and temporal complexities of the novel . However , the television adapatation is successful in its use of time shifts , and , like Ford 's work , the film is impressionistic , often showing us a scene twice to give the viewer two different impressions.However , we lose Dowell 's process of writing itself and his relation with the reader . In the film , Dowell is mainly absent from the last third of the story because it is told from Leonora 's perspective , whereas in the novel Dowell 's voice is dominant throughout , even when he is recounting what has only been told him.Of course , any book - especially a modernist novel - loses a good deal of its complexity in the transition to film , and `` The Good Soldier '' is on the whole a successful adaptation of the novel , much better than the adpatations of other modernist novels I 've seen , like `` Ulysses '' and `` Mrs. Dalloway . '' The film was shot on location in Nauheim and elsewhere in Germany , which shows the care this production takes with Ford 's work.The four principals are all excellent in their roles , particularly Jeremy Brett and Susan Fleetwood as the Ashburnhams . The score was excellent as well . The production also keeps Dowell 's voiceovers to a minimum , which may be something of a loss but it is welcome in a televison adpatation , which thankfully shows us a great deal of the action instead of telling.Overall , then , I found this adaptation of `` The Good Soldier '' to be one of the more successful installments of `` Masterpiece Theater '' and probably one of the best film made from a modernist novel that I have seen . While we lose the complexities of Dowell 's narration and his potential unreliabilty , the film utilizes the time-shifts and impressionistic technique of Ford 's novel , and there are subtle hints that Dowell may know more than he lets on . Thus , the film 's success stems from its faithfulness to the aesthetic spirit of Ford 's novel.Caveat
 With a stellar cast that includes Jeremy Brett , Robin Ellis , Susan Fleetwood , Vickery Turner , Elizabeth Garvie , Pauline Moran , and John Ratzenberger , `` The Good Soldier '' is the story of two Edwardian couples who become friends when meeting for nine consecutive years at an annual retreat in a German spa . Superbly adapted from the novel by Ford Madox Ford , `` The Good Soldier '' features beautiful costuming , meticulous set designs , and superb photography in a 104 minute production that is technically flawless in its execution . Viewers are treated to an unfolding story of unexpected plot twists , memorable characters , and shifting perspectives , as this remarkably engaging story of love , loss , betrayal is revealed . Strongly recommended for community library video collections , the DVD format of `` The Good Soldier '' allows for the inclusion of a Ford Madox Ford biography , cast filmographies , and a scene index feature .
 The Good Soldier is a rather haunting period story and film , with many delicate layers of meaning and subtle character revelations , made more complex because they are seen from different perspectives , but also -LRB- paradoxically -RRB- because often they are seen , rather than spoken of . The contrast between the measured elegance of the couples , and the anguish -LRB- it is revealed -RRB- that seethes below the surface of their leisurely , even lazy , lifestyle , is absolutely rivetting.Although it is essentially a sad story - the ` soldier ' of the title seems at first to be the villain , then turns out to be the victim - Jeremy Brett 's performance is such that this scarcely matters , one is more struck by the quality of his portrayal , which far surpasses the undeniable excellence of the other actors . Brett is able , with a minimum of words , and the slightest gesture or fleeting expression , to reveal an entire sea of his character 's suffering.The tale is set in the Edwardian era , yet its theme of social relationships is surprisingly modern -LRB- with its overtones of wife-swapping , extra-marital affairs etc -RRB- . The viewer ca n't help but be drawn into the lives of the characters , trapped , as they seem to be , with their pain and age-old human problems . It is a brilliant film , and a special one .
 I am a very visual person so I can sit through lots of meaningless despair as long as it photographed in beautiful settings with lots of lush costumes and fantastic architecture . This film has all of that . It helps that the cast is strong and rather attractive , too . It makes for a `` good show . `` As for the content , well ... I found the story interesting , told as it is , from the view point of the man who was deceived . First we see the splendid surface -- the two wealthy couples , one American , one English , in a German spa , pre-World War I . They spend several years together , performing , as the narrator says , a `` minuet . '' A lovely picture . Then the narrator lets us in to the story behind the story , almost as he has discovered it . From reading some of the reviews of the book , it seems that the narrator is much more befuddled than he is portrayed in the film . That may be a flaw in the translation of book to film ... I do n't know . As the layers of the characters peel away and we learn of the rotten-ness at the core of the apple -LRB- his words -RRB- , the story intensifies , or as they used to say , `` the plot thickens . `` My attention was held throughout , mostly by the strength of the actors and the visual splendors . The plot , itself , does n't have much to offer modern audiences . We know about adultery , betrayal , revenge , hypocrasy . There is nothing here that illumines any of the characters , raises them up to a higher plane . No one changes , learns anything , grows , transcends his dire situation . Most of the players chose cowardly outs -- three out of five chose suicide , and one descends into madness . So I was n't left with a particularly satisfied feeling at the end.The main character , who is supposed to be the befuddled weakling , was played by the charming Robin Ellis , who I fell in love with in the tv series , `` Poldark . '' That 's probably what kept my interest -- not a great reason . But he remains as befuddled at the end as he was in the beginning . So one could ask `` What 's the point of all this ? '' Perhaps Ford Maddox Ford was using this as a means to discover answers to his the riddles of his own life . Here he offers us questions but no answers.I suppose there is more value to the story if one were to read the novel , but having seen this , I do n't think I 'll bother . I give it four stars just for the splendid production . -LRB- It was really funny to see John Ratzenberger , Cliff Claven , the mail man in `` Cheers , '' in a totally different setting . -RRB-
 This Ford Maddox Ford 's novel is a slice of Edwardian life ... and a picture of life 's psychological problems , errors and lack of resolution . Sad story - very common story . Unresolved issues and unhappy people . Unfortunately the quality of the video on the DVD is not good . But I am still happy to have a copy of this movie . Superb acting .
 The Good Soldier is an old favorite and one I thought I would always be condemned to view from an old VHS tape . The DVD is a great update of an old friend .
 This movie is a gem . I bought Ford Madox Ford novel before watching it , to make sure I would understand . And when I watched the DVD , I saw that the movie was perfectly faithful to the novel . The story is beautiful and tragic , it shows how society prevents the characters to live freely their lives.It 's not a shallow and light movie , it requests much attention to be quite understood , but the viewer is fully rewarded , because it is most interesting . It 's also extremely beautiful to watch
 I saw this on its original run on American PBS in 1983 , taped it to VHS at the time , convinced it was one of the best things I 'd ever seen on television . As per most of the other reviews , this is a very well done , respectful adaptation of the Ford novel , with enough back-and-forth timing shifts to delight many a Tarantino fan -LRB- we see many scenes repeated , filling in the previous narration from several angles until a picture emerges at odds against the original impressions . It is a clever and tricky way to tell a story that has to avoid confusing the audience -RRB- . The only deficiency I want to mention is the production value on the DVD release . Colors are washed out and focus is soft . Transfer is still superior to a straight-from-VHS copying , but still , the print used is somewhat beaten up , with dirt and spotting throughout -LRB- especially at the beginning -RRB- . Sound is about in the same shape.With all of the work that obviously went into presenting this Victorian `` impressionist '' drama in an historically accurate manner , with enormous women 's hats and elegant rooms with overstuffed furniture and heavy drapes , it is a shame it is all mitigated by using a damaged source print .
 This film made for ITV in 1981 and released in instalments presents outwardly two perfect married couples , Englishman Edward Ashburnham -LRB- Brett -RRB- , his Irish Catholic wife Leonora -LRB- Fleetwood -RRB- , and Americans John and Florence Dowell , who meet at Bad Neuheim Spa town in Germany and remain friends for 9 years meeting every summer there.The unreliable narrator is Dowell -LRB- Ellis -RRB- , where viewers have to guess the story behind his story.As the friendships deepen , flaws , destructive passions and infidelities are laid bare.Edward is the ` good soldier ' praised by Dowell for his generosity in public service as a landlord and magistrate and for his DSO.He 's an inordinate philanderer whose private life is another thing , where he has affairs with married women , a servant girl on a train , Florence , known by Leonora but not by Dowell until after Edward 's death.Dowell worships him.Women adore him.The scenes are filmed on locations mentioned in Germany and England , they have a beautiful ease , randomness and movement to unlock the tribulation of the four people who appear to live in harmony and friendship , whose intimacy was ` like a minuet ' . We see an exploration of the English gentleman Tory.Using the pretence of a bad heart , Florence has kept her marriage unconsummated , while conducting illicit affairs.John has been reduced to the role of solicitous nurse . -LRB- He 's also the faux-naif narrator -RRB- . Ashburnham has been her principal lover , while he has conducted his liaisons under the cold watchful eye of Leonora.The warm-hearted Edward , beloved of the tenants on his land , is drawn into a tragic infatuation with Nancy Rutherford , to whom he and Leonora are guardians.A sense of fatalism overtakes the characters , indicated by a strange coincidence of dates.Florence , learning of Edward 's culminating passion , commits suicide on the date of her birth , and of her marriage -LRB- 4th August 1914 , the date of the German invasion of Belgium -RRB- . The love of Edward for Nancy , of which each is only too aware , is ironically shared by Dowell , who values the friendship of Ashburnham.The denouement is both melodramatic and formally ordered.The use of Dowell at the novel 's helm brings great subtlety to the unfolding drama , lulling the reader into a false sense of security.Beneath the starched decorum a seething mass of metaphors ensues.The acting of Brett is brilliant as is that of Fleetwood as the put upon wife who hates him with a passion.There are no extras on this DVD.The episodes merge seamlessly into each other.Ford is currently on BBC 2 in his great Tietjens sequence Parade 's End.A very good translation of the greatest English novel of the 20th century by Billington and Mitchell .
 One of the best series of all times . I 'm speechless and overwhelmed , what can you say about the best .
 Fantastic story , fantastic writing -LRB- hard to believe the same writers are responsible for how bad SGU is -RRB- and breath taking special effects . An awsome original musical score and good acting by familiar fun characters . Worth every penny and more . Just hoping this is n't the last SG-1 film . Fans of Stargate are longing for the days of SG-1 and Atlantis because SGU is something that should just be flushed down a toilet .
 Is like a time warp thing : -RRB- I am sad to see the show end , but this is a great way to do it .
 As always stargate does n't disappoint . I was very sad to see it end and these movies for dvd are just the thing to lessen the blow . Excellent acting from all my favorite characters .
 The quality is good but we live in Australia and our problem is that we can only watch the DVD 's on our computer as they wo n't play on our DVD and TV . There must be something wrong with the formatting oe something , but we can watch them on the computer which is ok but disappointing .
 As an SG1 fan , I enjoyed the episode very much . People new to the series might have some trouble keeping up ; however , is n't that what the DVD sets are for < Grin > . I ca n't wait for the next one ... -LRB- That 's a HINT ! -RRB-
 Watched the movie . I enjoyed it very much . It 's like the old time Stargate . Grandfather paradox and Goa'uld . I wished the movie was longer . I pre-ordered one for my collection .
 A real action-packed adventure . There 's never a dull moment in Stargate Continuum . I 'd love to give you more details but seeing how it has n't been released yet , today is July 3rd , I do n't want to spoil it for my fellow Stargate brothers and sisters.This is definitely a must have for your collection . You wo n't be disappointed , at least not much . However , I did n't like how one character had to make a sacrifice in the end . Aside from that , I 'm very happy with this movie .
 Unlike a previous after series movie , this one was great . Excellent plot , well played . It rounded things out nicely . If they never did another SG1 movie , we 'd live . It was great .
 As a SG-1 fan I enjoyed this movie very much . It was great to see `` Jack '' again but it does leave you wanting more of his `` sense of humor '' that was his trademark . Ben Browder does add his own `` spin '' to the show but it just was n't the same . The movie gives you the best of both characters but still leaves you wanting to see more of Jack . I hope they will continue to make movies for the fans to see and hopefully will continue to incorporate both characters into the story line . This movie was good but a little hard to follow sometimes , but then it would n't be SG-1 if it was n't now would it ? That is why you want to watch it 2 or 3 times to catch what you missed the first time .
 Stargate
 Excellent story of time travel , Einstein theory apply to this film , remarcable a nice challenge audio and video super also the drama like allways stargate works .
 I hope they keep making these direct-to-DVD Stargate films . The TV show was outstanding and I loved all ten seasons . The previous `` Ark of Truth '' direct-to-DVD movie was terrific and this one maintains the high production quality , storyline and acting.Somehow , they managed to get practically all of the actors portraying the various heros and villians over the years back together for the story . For example , there are lots of cameos by all the best `` System Lords '' we loved to hate in the TV show.If you 're a Stargate fan , you wo n't want to miss this.My only regret is that I just bought the DVD last week for $ 15 at Best Buy when I could 've rented it here for $ 3.99 , but at least the DVD includes a few hours of bonus material about the production.Two Kentucky thumbs up to the Stargate cast and crew !
 I 'm a big fan of the TV show and was elated to be able to purchase another show !
 Outstanding and entertaining movie , Ca n't wait for the next DVD ! nice to see Richard Dean Anderson back in the picture again if only for a few scenes .
 As a long time Stargate fan , this was just more enjoyment of the Stargate world . Although it did n't contain any revolutionary new plot line , I enjoyed the story with its twists and turns . Just great fun .
 This end well and a bit fast stories left by the end of season 10 . This is meat for the fans or who watch season 10 . Lot 's of great special effects !
 Continuum has several different messages and lessons incorporated into the regular plot and may just save the Atlantis spinoff . Loved the fact that they knew it was going to be on Blu-Ray so they inserted some splendid non Vancouver shots . I am totally biased as I have all Stargates from the Original movie to all episodes of both series and the direct to DVDs . I was a huge Farscape fan -LRB- have all of their DVDs -RRB- , so when we went to Stargate SG1 to Stargate SG1 .3 I accepted the `` Bump '' and was sorry to see it wind down.My only problem with both the regular and Blu-Ray DVDs was that Amazon gave me tracking numbers for both products , -LRB- which were pre-ordered -RRB- , and the Postman had nothing to deliver for a month or so-both were in transit . I hope this means that MGM made a tidy profit and more will follow.And while some may say that we are watching repackaged Soaps , my middle child has decided to get his PHD in Physics , so good Science Fiction may have beneficial side effects.Buy it with confidence as $ 20 is a fair price .
 Too bad good shows do not last forever , but this DVD continues the Stargate tradition . It is good fun !
 I thought `` Continuum '' was a nice continuation of the Stargate SG 1 franchise . There was action , there were character moments , and there was drama . Richard Dean Anderson 's return appearances are always welcome , and while he did n't dominate the episode , he had more than just a token appearance . This movie was a worthy addition to a dedicated fan 's collection .
 Good fun . There 's action amd tension and lightness to make gripping and entertaining a storyline that might otherwise be somewhat predictable . Ben Browder in particular manages to inject pathos and humour as well as being delightful eye candy.Highly recommended .
 Hi thereI am a Stargate fan but this film has several errors.First I think the film gets off to a good start Baal captured and SG-1 ready to watch the last System lord be executed , then Vala disappears surely Baal would have to disappear first to change the timeline unless another Baal is still out there.Second how did Baal defeat all the other System lords especiallyAnubis as he had ascended over a thousand years ago as mentioned in the episode Summit.The actor who played Ra looked nothing like the previous actor .
 Since this was purchased as a gift , I am not able to review personally . However , my daughter , for whom I made the purchase , is extremely pleased .
 An excellent continuation of the series , the story line and plot feel very much like an episode of the series , with slightly expanded scope . A few CGI scenes seemed to stand out more , but that might just be the clarity of the DVD and did not impact my enjoyment in the least.In short if you enjoyed to series , you should enjoy this DVD .
 It is pretty good , but I feel like the SG1 TV show was better then the movies and would have rather had another season then two films .
 Following on the release of The Ark of Truth , Continuum is the second Stargate SG-1 movie to come to DVD . Unlike Ark of Truth , Continuum is not potentially weighed down by having to overtly tie up loose ends left by the series . While , in fact , it does tie up a few loose ends rather nicely it also does something else
 Loved this second full-length feature about SG-1 , with the huge bonus that Richard Dean Anderson is in it ! It 's outstanding , and I thoroughly enjoyed it . As far as I 'm concerned , they can keep these two-hour beauties coming . Hope there is a third , a fourth , a fifth , and ? in the works . Did n't realize how much I missed the series ! The whole cast is fabulous in this one , and I 'm particularly partial to time-travel SF anyway . Surely Ben Browder must be considered for more SG-1 related shows -- either in movies or in a new series . He 's great , and so is Claudia Black , in this one . See it . You wo n't be disappointed in the least . And , I refuse to pick any nits about it . Great flick !
 The kids like the show on sci-fi so we got the movie . They like it too .
 Continuum was the better Stargate SG-1 movie because of a more original story . Nonetheless , time travel was done multiple times throughout the SG-1 series but it has always intrigued me . The Layman 's Guide to Time Travel segment was rather enjoyable as an actual Astrophysicist describes some of the fundamental concepts behind time travel and the use of Einstein-Rosen bridges -LRB- aka wormholes -RRB- . The Grandfather paradox also played a short role in the film , but many questions were still left unanswered although the viewer can assume the path of events -LRB- namely Mitchell 's return to 1939 and how the other Mitchell figures out the events at the end of the movie -RRB- . It was an excellent Stargate movie but the overall feel still seemed like a long series finale rather than a motion picture caliber film . I suppose it is necessary to keep the budget down and I would still recommend SG-1 fans watch Continuum because it wraps up everything quite nicely and a LOT of the old characters make a reappearance .
 This movie is pretty good . It did n't require an indepth knowledge of the TV show to follow the movie .
 If you were as disappointed with `` Ark of Truth '' as I was , you 'll be very happy with `` Continuum . '' This is classic SG-1 , impossible odds , the team working together , and a satisfying conclusion . This is a balanced story between the characters -LRB- although Vala gets short-changed again -RRB- , and not the Cameron Mitchell love-fest AOT was . The special effects were stellar , the score is phenomenal , although at times too loud to hear the characters lines . If this is what future Stargate movies will be like , sign me up to pre-order right now.Edited Dec. 29 , 2009
 First off , this movie is an introduction to the Stargate franchise for me ; I know the series appears to be coming to the end , I intend to purchase the series . There fore there are many questions to be answered for me.The movie itself had me captivated from beginning to end and I feel regardless of whether anyone has seen the series , this particular movie is captivating and inviting to viewers ignorant of the original series . In my view the main characters Jackson , Mitchell , Carter and Anderson possess average acting skills . Ba'al & Tealc are excellent . The plot was well planned and being a time travel fan my interest was obviously heightened by the story line . For the most part the effects are very good . -LRB- With a few glitches here and there . -RRB- If you have never watched this Stargate series before I suggest you check this movie out .
 For starters , I could hardly wait for this movie to come out . Overall , I really enjoyed it . The interaction between characters was great as always and the plot was entertaining . It was great seeing `` the gang '' all back together . I had n't realized how much I 'd missed new episodes of SG-1 until I saw the first scene . In the end I was only slightly disappointed . My biggest -LRB- and really only -RRB- complaint was that I wish it had been longer . It felt like a long episode , not a `` movie '' I would have preferred it was more like 198 min long instead of only 98 min . I also wish Jack had featured a bit more prominently in the story instead of Cam . Do n't get me wrong , I like Cam alot -LRB- Ben Browder is awesome -RRB- but Jack has always been my favorite.Highly recommended for all fans of SG-1 !
 Just finished watching it . It really was terrific . Some reviews are right , it has similar time travel themes from some of the shows , but it is done in new places and in new ways . Seeing the cast from the past was great as well . Definitely worth it , you 'll want to watch it again soon after the first !
 If you are a fan of the Stargate series and want to see an end to the series as a movie this is a great movie and a must see and I got this fast after ordering it .
 Great movie born of a great show . The script was interesting ; the cast was great , the special effects were awesome . How could you not love sci-fi ?
 it is nice to see the old crew back together again . This is a great movie for the whole family .
 I normally do not watch Stargate shows . We had guests over that wanted to watch it and we obliged . The show was a good science fiction and I would watch others . I do think this series should be watched in order so that there is continuity to the plots and characters are developed in a chronological order .
 My wife loves the series!I got her this movie to add to her Stargate collection.Excellent television show ! : - -RRB-
 It was a good movie for sci fi people who have already seen the stargate series . came to our house quickly
 I think you guys have great things , and i tell all my friends to look at what you have , and what I got .
 After what I consider to be the mess made with &#34; The Ark of Truth &#34; , the series producers got it right with this one . Big budget , parts of it actually filmed north of the Arctic Circle -LRB- for a TV movie ! -RRB- , I thought enough of it to go out and get the Blu-ray edition.The Goa'uld were the &#34; best '' bad guys in the series and the big one -LRB- after Ra -RRB- was Ba'al , good way to end things with a major character brought back and plenty of plot twists & turns.Do watch the featurettes , that is a real nuclear submarine breaking through the ice - talk about military cooperation.This movie can be said to be some of the &#34; best &#34; of Stargate .
 Wonderful movie to close the stargate sg1 saga . A must see for your whole family . Guaranteed wonder and amusement once again
 So glad I purchased the movie . I love the Stargate series and this was very good . The story line and characters kept the action moving
 After 10 seasons stargate was still going strong . The Arc of Truth which finnished up the Ori story line was just ok in my opinion but this one was amazing ... The effects , story and acting was perfect . It was exciting to see my favorite team back in action allong with Baal the last of the system lords . If you ever liked the original feel to stargate you will love this . I am amazed at how well they did and it even had Jack back too . Two words ... `` Buy This ! '' Bluray is even better ! I only wish this came to theaters ...
 This movie was amazing ! The graphics were really well done and the plot while somewhat hair-raising in the beginning tied everything up neatly . I was very impressed with this and hope there will be more to come .
 This was a wonderfully shot , produced , written , and edited `` episode '' of the great series SG1 . It was a little longer than a TV episode but didnt seem as long as a movie . I bought it on Bluray for $ 29 and was pretty impressed with the quality . There were many production/set items that really jump out at you as being , well , cheap . Like the lack of snow on their coats when they slide and exit the ship in the beginning ; although the whole Arctic photography was outstanding . Then there was the 1929 ship , which was sitting way too high in the water to be carrying the chapa eye , but then that would have made the storyline more difficult . Then there was the ... well you get the point . But , hey , that 's what a small , Canadian budget gets you . The acting was outstanding from everyone . Most notably from Valla , Te'alc , and Mr. Bridges . Samantha seemed not too interested and Col. O'Neil was eye candy for old timer fans , but they did n't make the film any weaker . Overall , this was a great addition and I hope they keep coming , straight to DVD/BRD .
 I was a bit disappointed with Ark of Truth . The actors did a great job , but there were too many gaps in the story . This , however , was a really , really good film . It was fantastic to see so many people brought back for this one . The special effects were great , and the actors did a great job , too.It was n't perfect , however.People vanishing from an altered timeline ... That just does n't happen . There are infinite possible universes out there , and when travelling through time , you create a new branch . You do n't destroy things in the parallel universes . It 's a fundamental part of the Stargate universe.Ignoring that , however , the film is terrific . If you need your SG-1 fix , with plenty of action , special effects , and cast members , this delivers . Great job by everyone.Sci-fi Channel , Please make more!Everyone else , Please buy this so they will !
 I have seen the movie . This one is WAY better than the Ark of Truth . Maybe I was just sick of the Ori , but Continuum flows better , there are fewer holes , and it does n't build up for 1.5 hours just to end in 5 minutes . Absolutely worth buying!The worst thing about the movie is that Jack is getting fat . I know , does n't really have much to do with the movie per se , but it was depressing nonetheless . You 'll get to see a few old familiar faces , some of whom were killed off long ago , and the alternate timeline thing works really well . The special effects are top-notch . I was highly critical -LRB- to myself -RRB- of The Ark of Truth , but this is a far more believable story and is interesting from beginning to end . I miss the original Stargate series , and if you do too you will be pleased with Continuum . 7 stars out of 5 !
 June 27 , 2011I have just completed my viewing of all ten Stargate SG-1 seasons and the two movies
 I have always love the Stargate Series , both of them , and was disappointed when they were cancelled , but at least we had the movies . I would like to see another Stargate movie made . I have both series on DVD and watch them all the time and both movies .
 This was a great continuation story . I love that they are going on like nothing is wrong , and that life continued . So many series kill off or rap things up so it makes it tough to see what would happen next . I have to admit IM jones for more SG1 , and this was a great way to calm my jitters for a week or so . the story is a time traveling story line , which in true SG-1 fasion finally puts Ben Broder in to play . Jack also makes an apperance so it was good to see him .
 If you prefer SG-1 of old , you 'll love Continuum . I like both SG-1 movies , but this one is better than Ark of Truth . Continuum has a great story that reminds me of the way SG-1 used to be - fighting aliens on THIS plane of existence . There is great Sci-Fi action with an alternate time line twist ! The whole gang is in this one , including Jack O'Neil . I found this plot to be more fluid and more interesting than Ark of Truth .
 A nice conclusion to SG1 . It was great to see RDA back . It cleared up the last open issue left from TAOT .
 It 's amazing what can end up coming from a simple movie . Back in 1994 a science fiction epic called Stargate hit the big screen . Written by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich , and directed by Roland Emmerich , this movie ended up becoming a huge franchise.Novels based on the original movie , Stargate SG1 , Stargate Atlantis , an animated series called Stargate Infinity , books based on both television series , a D20 modern Role Playing Game , an impending Massive Multiplayer online game , comics , a rumoured third TV series and of course two direct to DVD movies.This review is about the second direct to DVD movie , called Continuum.As per usual , this review contains no spoilers other than what you might have seen in trailers or what you gleaned from the back cover . I do n't like spoiling things for people.The movie takes places shortly after the end of the series , and deals with the capture and the end of the last System Lord.What appears to be a simple ceremony , one that would end with the extraction of the Symbiote , ends with what appears to be the re-writing of history.Yes , it 's a time travel movie , and it has all the elements any fan of science fiction would expect . Once again , I will not give away any spoilers about these elements or the rest of the plot itself.Anyhow , in a way , the movie was a bit of a disappointment . I was expecting something a little more - well , epic in scale.Hey , do n't get me wrong , I enjoyed the movie , and even though I prefer Stargate Atlantis , it was good seeing the return of Richard Dean Anderson and all the rest of the regular cast.Even Teal ` c 's former master.Sorry , I digress.Anyhow , the point of the matter is that this movie seemed to be nothing more than a two part episode that had been left over from the series ... a two part episode that they had wanted to film , but for some reason it got pushed to the back burner and was never included in one of the last seasons.Still , it had a good budget that allowed for the return of all your favourite characters -LRB- see above -RRB- , and excellent special effects.The funny thing is , even though it was direct to video , and had probably a slightly larger budget than normal for an episode , this movie was leaps and bounds better than a lot of direct to DVD movies that have come out in the recent past , ones that had budgets that probably far surpassed that of the one for this movie.And Continuum was better , worth far more of your hard earned dollars than these others that I have hinted at , but will not name at this time.This simple fact boggles my mind.For those of you who happen to miss SG1 , it 's a nice visit from characters you 've grown to love over the years and have missed since the end of the final season . It 's almost a homecoming if you will for fans of the original series.Frankly put though , The Ark of Truth was a better movie , but then again , it was produced to wrap up several story arcs.This was more of a stand alone , almost a ` thank you , here 's one more adventure through the gate for all the loyal and loving fans ' . Personally , I really hope that we 'll see more Stargate movies in the future . It 'll be wonderful to see ` old friends ' once again.Now , as to the bonus features included on the DVD - you have the ever present commentary with Brad Wright and Martin Wood , as well as three featurettes . The first is the Layman 's Guide to Time Travel ; the second Stargate goes to the Arctic and finally the Making of Stargate Continuum.For rapid and casual fans alike .3.5 out of 5
 This is a much better movie than the Ark of Truth . It combines many of the elements that made Stargate such fun to watch as a series . Continuum will make a fine addition to your Stargate collection .
 If this is the end of a super science fiction series , then the writers have done their very best . Bringing Richard Dean Anderson back was brilliant . His performance brought the well loved series to a powerful climax . Fantastic !!!!!!!
 For fans of the first eight seasons of SG-1 , this is a must-have . Not only is the filming far beyond what I 'd expect to see on TV , the acting -LRB- especially by Amanda Tapping and Claudia Black -RRB- is outstanding . For those who like action , the CGI was good -LRB- though thankfully limited -RRB- and it 's really hard to beat the big shots provided by the Arctic and all that military hardware ! It was also very nice to see bit parts played by real armed forces personnel , just as in the past . Being a fan of time travel and alternate universe themes myself , the plot was well-done and was quite a bit different than what they 've done in the past . The only complaint I might have would be that there was no forward movement in the development of the main characters , something to be expected in AT/AU stories.However , I did come away with a much better appreciation for Cam Mitchell , which is a big deal for me . I also never cared for Vala up until now - but Vala/Qe ` tesh was superb in this movie , thanks to Claudia Black . Though his part was n't big , it was great seeing O'Neill again , especially Colonel O'Neill , and it looks like there 's still something up with the General and Carter . In general , though , this is an action film and all of the character interactions are necessarily brief . Another ten minutes of run time could have given us that great team banter back again , and there were flashes of that , but they were limited by -LRB- I presume -RRB- aiming for a two-hour TV time slot.All in all , I 'd say the movie was technically very nice , exciting to watch , had a few nice character moments , and carries the story arcs developed in SG-1 very well . Since Ark of Truth and Continuum were great caps to two of the main story arcs , I 'm looking forward to new adventures in future movies and maybe find out what the heck O'Neill has been up to the last few years , because certainly it seems that the SG-1 saga is far from over .
 Like another reviewer said , I needed a Stargate fix . Although Stargate : Continuum was another take on someone messing with the timeline , -LRB- see the Stargate episode ` Moebius ' -RRB- this movie is fun to watch . It was too short for my taste so I 'm hoping there 's another movie planned in the future . We learn some background history about the Stargate when Baal goes back in time to alter the timeline so he can defeat the other Goa'uld system lords and later conquer Earth . The movie does a nice job working in -LRB- although briefly -RRB- many of the characters from over the years . O'Neill makes a brief appearance -LRB- yay -RRB- and Mitchell gets to be a hero . There are some good extras on the disc as well such as the experience the filmmakers and actors had filming the movie in the Arctic .
 Loved it . I 've read a few reviews of this flick where a lot of nitpicking about time travel and so forth is going on . Hey peeps ... it 's `` Science Fiction '' NOT science fact . I read a quote long ago -LRB- ca n't remember where -RRB- that recommended this
 I REALLY enjoyed this movie . And bringing Baal AND Apophis back was truly inspired.ONE reviewer here said that he did not understand how Daniel got his leg back . Uhhh ... DUH !! OBVIOUSLY he got himself a PROSTHETIC leg.The reason I only gave this movie 4 stars was because in other reviews on other sites , it was said that there were going to be hints about a NEW PROPOSED SG series called STARGATE
 This is a great episode . It was good to see Don Davis as General George Hammond for the last time . It was a parade of many loved characters , though Braytac and Dr. Fraiser were missing . I love the alternate universe stories and this was just as good . I definitely recommend this for anyone who likes Star Gate .
 This review contains spoilers . Do not read if you do n't want to know what 's in the film.I liked the move because I love Stargate . I love its characters . However , -- The movie was completely lacking in emotional exploration of the characters . Delving into the character impact of separation and isolation in an alternate reality , and in the case of Daniel , the loss of a limb , might have added 10 minutes of time , but it would have significantly improved the movie . I 'm tired of lazy , sloppy writing . Stargate is a great show for its themes and characters -LRB- and actors , all of them -RRB- but it has been poorly treated by its writers . This show needs to be given to someone else , someone who gives a d@#m about art .
 The SG-1 Team does it again with a clever , entertaining tale that brings Jack O'Neil back into the GATE . Bonus footage kept us completely engaged . We would recommend this to any sci-fi fan.Hopefully , we 'll get more new Stargate action on Blu-Ray .
 This is yet again another awesome stargate movie . I hope that they continue with more movies in the future . Wish that the show would come back as a weekly event as well . Highly recommend this for any stargate fan .
 i love sg1 i just wish there were more of the series on tv but i have been very happy with the movies they have brought out keep up the good work i am looking forward to more great movies from u all
 I am a huge Star Gate Fan and I pre-ordered this movie in Blu-Ray . Although the film was a bit predictable in places , it was nonetheless a great film . Special effects , period accuracy were superb . During the TV series I started to get tired of the Gould presence but in this case we see the eventual end of this bunch of snake heads . Well worth the price and Amazon usually has them at a lower price than WalMart .
 This last Stargate SG-1 drama is a very satisfying dramatic conclusion to the long running Stargate series . As a family , we 've been Stargate fans since its inception . We really enjoyed this last great excellent effort by the SG-1 team to save the world and the galaxy just one more time !
 I thought this was a great movie ... it was great seeing Jack again and Ba'al is always a treat !! Amazon got this to me fast and in perfect condition !! My ONLY complaint is I do n't see how Cameron went through the gate at the end of the movie as the gate was supposed to be buried so no one could go through ... other than that , I loved it !!!
 this dvd was well worth seeing.the plot was exciting and you really could not guess what was going to happen next.A lot of loose ends were taken care of , and some people were taken care of permenatly .
 Another excellent story in the Stargate universe , stands alone well . definately recommended . I hope they make more .
 Very cool , wild twists to the story of SG-1 without messing it up . I enjoyed the movie and am glad to have it in my Stargate collection .
 From all the hype Stargate
 The Stargate Continuum was just what you would expect from the Stargate SG-1 franchise . I would say it rates as well as the other episodes . It is by no means better than any of the other episodes and is not theater bound . Why they did not just show this as a normal episode of Stargate SG-1 I will never know.It seems a little late coming out since it is set before the encounters and battles with the Ori . This seems to fit somewhere at the end of season 8 and before season 9 where the Ori are introduced . Just to be clear , no Ori in this movie just Goa'uld . Good purchase if you are a Stargate SG-1 fan .
 This was the best Stargate movie yet . Great plot and special effects . Good action and acting .
 movie was great . could have been longer , but cant wait for the next one to come out .
 movie was awsome they did bring back general oneill wich i am REALLY HAPPY about that my only problem with the movie was richerd dean andersons character wasent showed enough
 This rocked . O'Neill ? Check . The cool President ? Check . Sexy Vala ? Oh , yeah . This was a refreshing break from the philosophy/religion themes of the Ori storyline .
 This DVD is a must have for any SG-1 fan . It adds a bit more to the end of the show and manages to tie down a loose end or two . It 's fully recommended .
 A fan since the beginning I 've seen every show there was . . loved the final 2 hour wrap up of StarGate , even if you never watched a show , this would be fun for some who like Sci-Fi ! I enjoyed several of the fun things Ben Browder slipped in while taking Command of the starship ... and the fact that many of our past `` bad guys '' come back for one last peek . . Love owning this ... nothing like a rainy day with some snacks and a great Stargate to watch !
 This movie goes back to what made Stargate great in the first place . Well worth buying . Hope they keep making more .
 This is a great movie . Although it is somewhat fast-paced for my preferences it is and interesting continuation of the SG-1 team . Also , do n't place much stock in their temporal dynamics , but suit yourself .
 Stargate is one of those shows thats up there with FireFly , and Farscape , it 's a smart show written for smart people . The movies as well TV series are well acted and well produced . P.S. the movie looks beautiful in a Blu Ray format .
 I have mixed on this one . + Plus side Good story.Used all the major players.Had a couplesuprises that were realy suprises . _ Minus side Not long enough . Realy not long enough.Over all it was good.visual effects were very well done .
 As an avid fan of everything in the Stargate Franchise , I was eagerly awaiting this film . I was n't disappointed . The movie is an action-packed rollercoaster ride . I felt like I was back during SG-1 's height , going on a mission that had little chance of success . But , like always , the odds are n't always a good indicator of our heroes abilities!I thought there was more payoff in the Ark of Truth , but would recommend Continuum to any die hard Stargate fan or even someone that has never seen an episode of SG-1 or Atlantis .
 Was everything I thought it would be and more and it was great seeing all the guys back together .
 I liked this one better than the first movie about Ori . I think that anyone who liked the series should get it . I have n't seen the extras yet but will as soon as I can .
 Spoiler Free ReviewThe title there is a joke since this is the third movies in the series , along with The original feature that spawned the series , and the `` Ark of Truth . '' I enjoyed the movie , but not as much as I expected . The twists in the end caught me off guard , because you wo n't expect what eventually happens to resolve the storyline . It felt a little bit cheap , like a 2 part TV episode more than a epic movie finale . On the other hand if , it did n't end the way it does , then it would have felt like a rehash of a previous episode . You 'll know what I 'm talking about if you see it.My biggest complaint is the time traveling and alternate timeline themes did n't do enough to capture your imagination the way `` Back to the Future '' films do . But if you are a Stargate Fan , this is a ca n't miss DVD/bluray .
 What a fabulous movie . I enjoyed every minute of it . The writing was terrific and the acting , as always was wonderful . If you are a Stargate SG1 fan , you will not be disappointed . I just wished it would have been longer !
 Basically if you 're reading this then you 're probably a Stargate SG-1 fan . One who has watched it ever since I got hooked on the show in the beginning as well as the Stargate movie way back in the day so when I say this movie was awesome , that means a lot . Time travel movies are always eeh at points because let 's face it we have no idea how real or fake some situations might be . However this alternate time plot really gives this movie a great deep story and with the main bad guy being Bal , it 's an instant classic . Definitely better than the first SG-1 DVD , The Ark of Truth , although completely different story but I have to say I like them both for what they are as well . If you liked the 1970s Stargate SG-1 episode when the team traveled back in time , unaware and unintentionally , than you 'll love this movie as well .
 It felt more like an episode than a movie . That certainly is n't bad the fact it was another entertaining movie , but it is bad in the fact we have to wait so long between movies . This was another closer episode . Last time it was the Ori , this time the last system lord , Baal . The story centers on Baal 's symbiote being removed but then they find out it is another clone and the real one has impacted the timeline so that he can invade Earth . Good acting , sets , music as you would expect from a well produced series . Fortunately there were plenty of episodes during the series that left themself open to return visits . They either need to make the movies more like movies or better yet bring back the series . They obviously do n't mind making the movies and they have had a break from the series grind for awhile . Whatever their decision I 'm just happy to get either . Being a fan since the very beginning when it first started on Showtime , I look forward to the further adventures of SG-1 . Good quality DVD but I had to play mine on a multi-region player to get it to work . It would not play on a standard DVD player . Great replayability . If you enjoyed this catch `` Ark of Truth '' and `` Stargate SG-1 '' . - C. Luster
 There are several reasons to watch Continuum : Jack is back and gets ` into it ' with Baal.We finally wrap the 10 year storyline of the System Lords.General Hammond returns , but sadly in his final role.Baal changes time to a degree where the Stargate program never got started , the Gate is lost and this opens the door to the Goauld invasion . Our heroes , with the earlier timeline in their memories -LRB- somehow ?? -RRB- fail to convince their counterparts in this timeline until it 's practically too late . Can Tealc be counted on?Edge of your seat suspense - great Air Force jet shots . This story would almost be a regular episode but the production values are superior to what I 've seen on SciFi Channel.Great special effects , space battles and a somewhat twisty time-travel storyline brings the gang together for one final leap in the Stargate universe.I really hope they bring back more movies . I hear there 's a new spinoff which is written by the same guys who wrote Stargate SG-1 . Ca n't wait.See the video : http://www.amazon.com/gp/mpd/permalink/m3QFPN8OC3YKMHAnd if you liked this , then you 'll love that : Stargate SG-1 - The Complete Series CollectionStargate Atlantis - The Complete Seasons 1 - 3
 Fasten your seatbelts . This trip through the Stargate is a bumpy ride.Okay , I 'll confess that I bought Continuum because I needed a Stargate SG-1 fix . Since my beloved series traveled through that final wormhole after 10 fantastic years , I miss them . I 'd have bought this movie regardless of what reviews might have said because I wanted to hang with the team again . Therefore , I was thrilled when the movie was n't just watchable but was a well-plotted story filled with great characters who make you believe they really are a go-to team capable of saving the earth from destruction.Full of twists and turns , the production values of Continuum make you feel as if you 're watching a big-screen theatrical release rather than a made for video spinoff of a television series.I wo n't spoil the surprises , but they are many and they 're well-thought out and make you easily suspend disbelief . Get it and prepare for a thrill ride that does n't depend on your being a former fan . But if you were a fan of the intrepid space explorers , you 'll really enjoy this edge of your seat story .
 This film is an excellent addition to the Stargate SG-1 franchise and may just qualify as one of its finest chapters.Taking story elements and themes from pretty much every season of the show , Continuum chronicles the final chapter of the Goa'uld System Lords.Sweeping , breath-taking cinematics shot on site in the Artic and compelling storyline aside , one thing that I was very pleased to see was the continued humanization of Claudia Blacks ' character , Valla , as evident in one of the closing scenes of the film - hinting at the growth hinted at in the character during the Ark of Truth film.This is a must have for any Stargate fan and I hope that it wont be the last SG-1 film made .
 I 'm a major fan of the Stargate series and have watched it since the night it originally aired 12ish years ago . Having said that though , I can also tell a bad show from a good one - and , in my opinion , this was a very well done movie . It does play like a longer episode , but that 's what makes it work for me . It plays like the shows I came to love and look forward to while the series was on the air and it has the added bonus of a larger budget which shows in the special effects and in the sets.I highly recommend this for anyone that loves the series and the Stargate universe .
 This DVD was released on 29 July 2008 . So any reviews you read that are posted before this date are obviously bogus . However I purchased the DVD myself with American Dollars , Greenbacks , Bucks . And I thoroughly enjoyed it ! Man , just about everybody returned in this one . Even that HOT System Lord Nirrti , albeit for a brief moment . Apophis was there too , but all too briefly for my taste . Jack O'neill was there also , AND there was talk of cake ! But again , all too briefly for him as well . However it was a most excellent show and I thoroughly enjoyed it ! We can all thank God for this particular production of Stargate `` Continuum '' ! -LRB- Spoken while pointing both index fingers toward the heavens ! -RRB- .
 the product met expectations . The grandfather paradox conflict solution was not clear . How everyone ended up together took too much of a leap of science fiction faith .
 If you are a Stargate fan , you must have this DVD ! It continues where the show left off . I especially liked the fact that it answered a lot of questions I had .
 If You are fan of the series then buy it if not get the DVDs for the series get caught up and then get this movie , Netflix and Blockbuster both have the SG-1 Series on DVD .
 This is an awesome addition to the Stargate series . Hope there 's more to come .
 `` Continuum '' is a to-be-expected episodic continuation of the SG-1 series . It does n't fill in any gaps or danglers left from the series as did the DVD-only release for `` The Ark of Truth . '' The quality and story is top-notch as always although it 's more of a small-screen episode . The extra features certainly make it worth watching -LRB- Amanda Tapping and submarines ... by way of e.g. -RRB- , if not purchasing for a home library.The biggest thing about SG-1 is that it was such a compelling episodic piece that TV without it is bland ... just as when the Star Trek serials were killed off by the bean counters , or BSG by it 's regenerators ... at least there 's `` Stargate Atlantis '' for now ... and the hopefully continuing DVD-only pieces like `` The Ark of Truth '' and `` Continuum . '' If you like SciFi , `` Continuum '' is a collector or SG-1 fan 's must-have .
 If you are a die hard SG-1 fan , this movie is a must . Period . Cast , story and plot are great and like some of the best SG-1 episodes . Take if from a longtime and active gateworld.com member . You will not be disappointed .
 Long time SG1 fans , movie lived up to my expectations . Loved it , ca n't wait for the next one .
 I enjoyed the movie , the only complaint I have is ... please let O'neill and Carter get together ... at last ! They have come so close and still are bound by military regulations .
 The Ark of Truth was an o.k. movie . I liked it because it is Stargate and because I wanted to see the actors again . Continuum , on the other hand , is superb . The story is great , the actors are fabulous - that 's what SG1 was all about a couple of years ago .
 This is the second movie after the conclusion of SG-1 . It is a little more like a movie -LRB- rather than a long episode -RRB- because they are not finishing a story arc from the series . Admitedly , they 're still dealing with pre-established characters and situations.It starts off with the team -LRB- and Jack O'Neill -- hooray ! -RRB- going to watch Baal , the last of the system lords , being forcibly removed from his host . Baal tells the team that he is actually the last clone of Baal and that the real Baal has something special planned now that the final cloned symbiote is about to die . Now the team , used to this sort of nonsense from Baal , do n't believe him -LRB- I would n't either -RRB- . But then Teal ' c disappears into thin air -LRB- casting darker doubts upon Vala 's sudden absence from moments before -RRB- . Now , I do n't want to spoil anything for anyone so I 'm just going to tell you what you ought to know from the cover anyway . It involves time travel and an alternate timeline . We see many familiar faces too , including some of the other system lords and Hammond . And , as always , there is lots of typical stargate comedy.Having said this much , I assume that those who have seen the series -LRB- seasons one through ten -RRB- will be able to imagine what sorts of events go on -LRB- even if the particulars are n't all laid out for them -RRB- . Those who have not will be surprised -LRB- if perhaps a little confused -RRB- . As always , it helps in the watching of this film if you have a solid background with the characters and the events of the TV series.I must say that I enjoyed it very much and would suspect that many sci-fi fans would be able to jump right in and see it . Hope you like it too .
 This product came exactly as described and was delivered even faster ! Great job , Amazon!Thanks !
 This film starts as it alway 's has but still has that little air of predictability.I thaught the story line was good and gave into your imagination of some of the un predictable insight that we all have and it was brought out quite well.So where will await the further adventures of SG1 .
 I very much enjoyed the movie . I wish they had a bigger budget to with which to work to give it that blockbuster feel . But overall , it flowed really well .
 Slow at times , but overall an excellent and fun addition to the Stargate story . Over the years I 've thoroughly enjoyed any episode that deals with using the gate for other purposes than just `` going off-world '' - intentionally or unintentionally . The way this story happened - as a result of Ba'al trying to manipulate an entire galaxy just to save himself from being destroyed -LRB- how self-absorbed the Goau ` ld can be -RRB- - seemed very in-line with the Stargate universe and a natural adventure SG-1 would have.I like the treat at the end with the picture in the locker.From a strictly `` Amazon.com purchaser '' perspective , I pre-ordered the item and it arrived within 24-hours , even with 2-day shipping . Package was whole and unspoiled -LRB- no shipping mishaps -RRB- when it was delivered .
 DVD was in great shape , arrived with in expected time , and a very good movie .
 For all those who love the 10 years of Stargate you will love this new flick . It is a new look with a new twist . ENJOY !
 As sad as it is that the series had to end , at least they have awesome movies to follow it up with .
 This is a fantastic addition to the Stargate family , it definitely helps close the Ba'al chapter , and hopefully keep the SG-1 franchise alive and breathing . If your a fan of the either SG series then this is a required addition to your Blue Ray collection !
 This is a great addition to the Stargate universe . You see all the favorite characters and get an actual end to an on-going storyline . I enjoy it a lot .
 I INJOYED THIS MOVIE OF STAR GATE SG1 THIS SHOW WAS GREAT AND STILL IS INJOY THE SHOW . . DANNY
 I loved the series star gate sg-1 when i saw this dvd i knew i had to add it to my collection
 As a hungry Stargate SG1 fan , it felt good to see the crew again . Nice movie !!
 Wow ! this one was good , really really good . I was n't so crazy about the last one , but I loved this one ! Stargate at it 's best . Just hope the rest of them and the SGA ones are just as good
 The ending of Stargate SG-1 's 8th Season was the end of an era . Aside from the departure of Richard Dean Anderson -LRB- General O'Neill -RRB- , it marked the climax of the story-arc that had begun in the original film and driven the series for 8 years
 Seeing on Blu-Ray was worth it . As others have indicated , this movie was enjoyable for true fans of the show . Seeing the entire cast back together felt right as did the level of the story for a semi-wrapup of the Bal story arc . I liked the extra feature about the onsite shoting in the artic .
 I miss Stargate
 I enjoyed this movie very much . I was a big fan of the series and this movie was an excellent addition . I was left with the feeling of `` Hey , that was a good movie ! ''
 Really miss this show . It is fun to watch the episodes and see the characters interplay . I am ready for the next Stargate show to begin.I did not realize how long the show had been on for .
 Great movie for a great series . I would recommend this to any one who liked the series . Wish it was still on SYFY .
 I am a big Richard Dean Anderson fan , so I was worried when the line-up changed . No need to worry fans , the energy of Stargate SG-1 is in safe hands . My daughters are new to the series , so the younger , good-looking replacement , made them happy . For me , the action and continued theme thread , made me happy .
 Loved seeing Jack again , this is for all of the stargate addicts ! I 'm not a big fan of the new SG1leader but the movie is still a good watch
 Stargate Continuum is one of the best Stargate items I have watched . I own the complete Stargate series of SG1 with the movies as well as Stargate The Ark of Truth . I also own all of the Stargate Atlantis series and in my opinion though all of them are Great and worth watching over and over -LRB- which I do -RRB- , Stargate Continuum is the best overall.Stargate
 It 's mid-2012 and I 've watched this film about 5-6 times by now . As far as reviews go , I give Continuum 5-stars as a fine sci-fi B-movie with the understanding that B-movies should be judged within their own category . Due to budget constraints , this work went direct to DVD and was never intended as a major theatrical release ; many of those who wrote very negative reviews apparently did not understand this . True , there was no award-winning score , parts of the film seemed rushed , we could n't spend enough time with our beloved characters and there were plot holes you could drive a truck through , but who cares ? This is SG-1 on another mission to save the galaxy , there 's no time for all that other stuff!I thought Continuum was the perfect end to the franchise but had my fingers crossed when they rebooted the series with Stargate Universe , a show that went down in flames and deservedly so -LRB- though the final two episodes got it right , just too late -RRB- . There comes a time when all good things must come to an end ; for Stargate , it was with Continuum.Side Note
 This was a very interesting mix of cast and missions . Will probably have to watch again when I 'm not babysitting my demanding puppy . A lot happening in a short time , really requires your attention ... . Recommend ...
 Stargate continuum was a very good one off production that helped wrap up a small part of the series . Being a big fan of the series I am no doubt a bit biased . I thoroughly enjoyed the show . I will not recap the plot but will only say it is one that I have been able to watch several times and have enjoyed it each time .
 I 'm several years too late to influence anyone ... Just wanted to get my 5 stars in . Yes , this was like a 2-hour SG1 episode . But a pretty good one !
 What a great addition to the SG-1 series . This is one of the best stories of the series . I 've watched it twice and am eager for a third time.It 's great to see Jack back , of course . The story line kept me guessing , and the action scenes were very good and not overdone . The CG is absolutely amazing and fits in without looking gimicky.This movie really brought me back to the feel of the first few series , yet we have characters that span all 10 series . I think everyone from the writers , actors , and production crew were spot on with this movie .
 This is probably the most important thing to remember about this movie , do n't think to much about it , just enjoy the ride . This movie is for Stargate SG1 fans who have been with the series a while . It has alot of the old faces , and it does feel rushed at times , but all in all , defiantly worth the buy . A great movie !
 When I saw it first time I was under the impression that I was looking at some Oscar prize movie so I had to seen it once more just after ending ... Sometime after first 25-30 minutes of the second view I realize that is on DVD ... so no Oscar , too bad . It 's better than the `` ARK '' , better than `` Children of the Gods '' sometimes better than first one `` Stargate '' -LRB- Kurt Russel -RRB- . Rick is great again , as usual ... What can I say , it 's not only for Stargate fans , it 's for anyone and anything ... It 's just great . And I guess right now O'Neill asked ... what ?!
 This is my favorite sci-fi adventure of all time.SG-1 took no prisoners.Although I enjoyed the first movie I liked the second so much that I watched the special features and entire movie again right afterwords.That has never happened to me before.As much as I like Ben , bringing Jack and Don back to complete the whole team made the movie.Time travel always great to stimulate the mind.It was over to soon.The next movie should include deleted scenes and bloopers in the special features?And since the movie is only available on dvd why not make it longer giving each character more play?I have seen most of the original series but plan on buying the box set next so I can see them all again.I 'd like to see a two part crossover movie between SG-1 and Atlantis at some point.Being former military and a closet geek Stargate helps fill a much needed adventure fix.I ca n't wait for the next movie.You really need to bring the show back.There is only one space sci-fi action adventure on tv right now -LRB- Atlantis -RRB- and thats not anough .
 A thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable end to the SG-1 saga . It is a fitting tribute to Don S. Davis who made his final appearance in Continuum ... he was there for the first episode and said goodbye to us in this one . It was also great to see Richard Dean Anderson and hear the quirky `` O'Neill '' humor again , I have missed it.The movie has some outstanding scenes in the Arctic not the least of which is a sub coming up through the ice . The `` grandfather paradox '' raises some questions that has led to spirited discussion at Gateworld and other other places . Excellent commentary and extras.Well done SG-1 ! Thanks for finishing the story ... that 's a wrap !
 This movie , `` Stargate - Continuum '' , felt like an extended episode of `` Stargate SG-1 '' . There really was not much of a movie feel to it at all and there seemed to be a lot of filler footage , which is OK by me anyway since I am a huge Stargate fan . This was a pleasant `` extra '' after finishing up watchingStargate SG-1 - The Complete Series CollectionandStargate - The Ark of Truth . Others have given details of the plot so I 'm not going to do that in this review.It was a real treat seeing many of the characters from the regular series and brought a nice sense of closure to an excellent , long running series.Highly recommended for Stargate SG-1 fans !
 In this movie , `` the band '' gets back together again . It is as fun and interesting as any Stargate episode , and I really enjoyed it , but I must confess I expected more . This movie is definitely not up to the level of the dozen or so truly outstanding episodes in the show 's 10-year history -LRB- such as Window of Opportunity -RRB- . I also wonder what Claudia Black did to the wardrobe department . Her outfits could have only been more unflattering if she was dipped in mud .
 Jack is back ! If they had to take away our beloved series , thank the gods we got movies ! Great film , but as always leaves you wanting more more more ... MORE SG-1 !
 I love Stargate SG-1 and I 've seen every episode , most more than once , and I think Continuum is the best `` episode '' yet . It is truly movie quality and belongs on the big screen . I thoroughly enjoyed it and I would recommend it to anyone who loves sci-fi , not just Stargate fans .
 We loved this feature film . The story was just like the early Stargate SG-1 shows which we so enjoy . If you are a Stargate fan get this one .
 It 's great to see were they left off . Jack has gotten a little older but still look great . This movie had a lot of action and went back into time to the point when Cam 's grandfather was transporting the ring . All in all , Stargate movies are always great to watch and our whole family enjoys watching each new adventure !
 As a loyal fan of the Stargate franchise since the very first movie ... I applaud the actors , writers and producers/director for a job well done!It still takes some getting used to a ` feature-length movie ' vs ` made for television ' ; meaning I was so used to them getting right to it , that I had to learn how to sit back , relax and let the actors take me there.I can only say that I was very satisfied with this purchase and I have a little bit more of Stargate in my home ... where it belongs.Thanks!DarrylCincinnati , OH
 The movie was fantastic ... I hope they continue making more or continue the series ... now this would be nice to see Amanda Tapping , Richard Dean Anderson , Christopher Judge , Michael Shanks , Beau Bridges & Claudia Black . I think that they could make a movie involving Atlantis and SGC . I hope that this will show will continue and the Producers and Writers will never Give UP !!
 Really enjoyed this . Got it a couple of weeks ago and have watched it twice already , actually did a whole SG1 thing with this film and The Ark of Truth this past weekend , told the wife is was all based on fact , so she left me alone . Sure hope this is not the end of it all . Anyway this film and ` The Ark of Truth ' are well worth the money and you will not be sorry you bought them .
 I am pretty happy with installment 2 out of the 3 that were promised . I have been to a few conventions and have shaken hands with most of the stars , but I have a ways to go yet , and so do they ! I am anxiously awaiting the next one .
 This video pretty much captured the essence of what the Stargate SG-1 TV series was all about . I thought it was great ! I liked that it was a one shot story that you did n't have to go back and remember what it was referring to . Do n't get me wrong , I liked Ark of Truth a lot.Continuum was just plain fun . Which is what I loved about SG-1 . The reason I gave it four instead of 5 stars is because the whole going back and changing the time line thing 's been done almost to death . Though they did manage to portray the characters as outside of time in a fresh way . Aw , what the hell . I 'll give it the fifth star.If you 're a fan of the series - BUY IT ! You wo n't regret it . If you 're not a fan , well , times a wastin ' and you 'd better get caught up . 'Cause you will be a fan.Buy this video !!! Oh , and buy anything that has to do with Firefly .
 I hope we 'll see more of this mini movies , though it seems for a story like that , a 4 hours movie could have been better . Yet , it 's a fantastic storyline , exploring new ways allowing us however to see all of our favorite teams seens over the years while the show was on .
 From the opening scene , until you realize the movie is already over , this is a great film . Very well done , and worthy of having in a collection for Stargate SG1 junkies !
 Even for someone who was n't a huge fan of the show , this movie is a must see . Clever story , great flick !
 Nice to have some more stargate . I did n't feel the series was at its logical end - so many gates only 10 years ... :--RRB- The time travel in this episode was a little strained , otherwise a good episide . Nice to see RDA back as Jack O'Neill .
 If you liked Stargate SG-1 , Stargate Atlantis , or Stargate
 Interesting twist from the Stargate SG-1 Universe , plays like an extended TV episode but at least there 's some closure in one chapter of the series . Being a fan of both SG-1 & Atlantis series for a Blu-ray movie it 's kinda so-so . I 'm not talking about the story I mean the overall clarity is still TV like , the sound is awesome , just the visual is ok .
 I admit , I am an SGC fan . I have watched the series since it began , including the original movie . I love the concept -LRB- although some of the stories are a little weak on occasion -RRB- . This movie has some great scenes , like the huge armada of ships hovering over Earth , ready to destroy us . I always love time travel and time paradox stories , and this element of the story makes it especially interesting.So , if you like SciFi , and you like Stargate , you got ta buy this DVD!I hope they keep producing these DVD 's - they have a forever customer with me -LRB- as long as the quality continues to hold up -RRB- .
 I am a Stargate fan and this was a great CD . I knew what I was ordering and received my CD in record time . I look forward to more and will certainly order again.Janette
 With Continuum being the last entry into the Stargate SG-1 story , they do a good job of tying up the one real remaining loose end , namely Ba'al . He is up to his usual tricks of trying to take over the galaxy and the SG-1 team is again tasked with saving the day . Like a lot of the episodes , SG-1 gets itself into a pretty deep pickle before finally coming through in the end , but it 's a good story and certainly worth watching . But , like all of the Star Trek movies that came out after the show 's finale , this movie is just a longer version of an episode that might have aired on the SciFi network during the show 's run .
 The Movie 's plot was not what I expected . I bought the movie since I have seen every episode of every Stargate season . I expected the movie to give closure to the series and give a sense that the characters will continue with a better life . I never expected the twists that occurs in the movie where Bal has such a unique role in the movie . I really enjoyed the movie . I think that I would have seen the movie even if I did not watch and own all 10 seasons . I recommend this movie for anyone who likes Science Fiction or just wants to see a good movie .
 This movie was another magnificent addition to the Stargate collection . I only hope that it is not the end .
 If you are a fan then it is a great movie . If you 're not a fan then why are you watching it . One technical glitch , when Ben Browder goes back in time the gates had not been found . The one in Egypt was still buried and the one in Antarctica was under the ice .
 The entertainament quality is above the average of the series SG1 . I think this film reached the quality level of Stargate Atlantis .
 This movie has it all . Great twists and turns and even though I am not a hardcore Stargate fan , this movie really hit the spot .
 First of all , my advice would be to completely ignore the negative reviews . Continuum is a great addition to the Stargate story.The movie has a very good story line and plenty of action . It is not `` dumbed down '' . By that , I mean it leaves some things up to your imagination and thought process . The flashbacks in time are kept to a minimum . The special effects are great without being outrageous as in some movies.The movie does have a bit more foul language than the rest of the Stargate episodes . Then again , it is kept to a minimum and used only in times of great distress . It is still suitable for children , though.I would like to have seen more of Apophis and the rest of the bad guys . An appearance by Bra ` tac as an advisor to Teal ' c would have been nice.At any rate , I think every person that is a true fan of Stargate will enjoy this movie .
 First
 As a big fan of stargate and other SF I loved this DVD . Great story and effects . Still sad the show is gone : <
 I truly miss Stargate and feel Stargage Atlantis just has a poor cast and does not hold my attention -LRB- could they stop using the whining scientist all the time - yuck -RRB- . So it was with great eagerness I bought Continuum and saved the viewing until a friend came over for a visit who also loves Stargate too.We turned out the lights and watched it on my 55 '' flat screen like we were at the movies . It has all the big picture feel to it , so one wonders why it did n't go to theatres ? The fan base is huge and I would have paid for it.Anyhow , it starts off well , moves into the plot line and just kind of loses its interest . we are supposed to believe that three SG 1 characters just give up and go along with the powers that be . totally unbelievable . then they need them and call them back ... lame . Claudia Black had a good time -LRB- does n't she always ? -RRB- . And they solve the problem of course , and end on a note of humor . It was good to see them all -LRB- dont expect to see a lot of Jack on this one -RRB- and its a high quality production but the story line could have been better and more in character .
 I was very upset when they took this series off the air . I 'm glad to have these movies but still wish the series was still around , Love this movie .
 I 've enjoyed the Stargate franchise from the original movie through both TV series . I was a little disappointed with the series finale on TV , but this video makes up for it . It is well worth the time and money for any Stargate fan . The production values are much much better than what we see on TV .
 This movie is great . It ties up some loose ends , and was very well made . Good sound , good video , good acting.I highly recommend it for anyone who likes Stargate SG1 .
 To sum up 10 years of relationships , attitudes , and sarcasm it was great ! Any die hard SG1 fan would agree . Hate to know this is the end of an era ...
 If you 're a Stargate fan , this movie puts alot of the entire series into play . Sets up the possibility of a sequel .
 Unlike Ark Of Truth this movie was very good , I loved the story line , the acting was great and seeing Jack again was the icing on the cake . If you know a bit about Stargate but never really watched most of the episodes you can still really enjoy this movie as it is a self contained story . Unfortunetly it still has Ben and Claudia in it but this time they somehow manage to not be so dominating and distracting.I would have given it 5 stars if they could have changed the timeline even more so that Ben and Claudia where still doing Farscape and the SGC was back to it 's orginal cast .
 This was an excellent buy ; a truly pleasing science fiction film , interesting plot , great acting , and multiple characters which are well choreographed . I am looking forward to another great SG-1 Movie .
 verry good action and adventure packed ending to the series would like to see more to this adventure series
 I purchased this after the series was over . It did pretty much follow the movie . With Stargate was still on the air .
 Stargate
 I have been a longtime Stargate fan , and this movie is no disappointment . It is a fun movie and typical of the Stargate series , lots of funny lines mixed into the dialog . Also typical of Stargate , lots of action . I really enjoyed the movie ! I am glad I added it to my Stargate collection !
 It was a great deal and easy to order using Amazon . The seller was fast , the package was secured , and more important , I was happy when I got it . Once it arrived , I took it out of the package and popped it in the DVD player . When I heard the opening theme , I was in sci-fi heaven . I love Stargate SG1 and was sad to see it go . I am now starting my collection of the series since there are a lot of episodes I 've never gotten to see . For me , I like watching the behind the scenes portion . I write screenplays myself and so I learn a lot from the director 's and actor 's point of view . If you 're not into that stuff , it 's still a kick to watch ! I can even deal with the historical babble that Daniel rattles off . Enjoy the ride !
 Having been a huge fan of Stargate when Richard Dean Anderson was still involved , I loved the return to classic Stargate battle to save Earth from the Goulds . I was n't a fan of the Ark of Truth -- and was hesitant to watch Continuum . I am very glad I did . There were many beautifully written scenes throughout , Landry 's speech , Daniels attempting to contact himself , the President , the full lineup of the classic Goulds of the past , including Apophus and Ra -LRB- from the Stargate movie -RRB- . What a treat !
 Oh I ca n't wait what they come out with next . I love this moviea and hope they make many more .
 Length :
 This movie was better than the last . I give it 5 stars ! I mean come on , Bal 's shooting seamen all over .
 As a big fan of all SG , I could easily give this a 5 stars ! But my negative point is I do n't just want to see this part , I want to see it all in Blu-ray ! And now , they come out with The Pilot for SG1 remastered , etc. and not even on Blu-ray ??? They should at least do like Star Trek did , the movies yes , but also `` so far '' Season 1 of TOS and already planned to have the 2 other seasons come out in a couple of months ... this gives hope to get all Star Trek in Blu-ray . Hopefully , by the time Stargate Atlantis `` Fans Choice '' comes out ... maybe SG-1 season 1 ?
 this is an awsome movie involving the Goa'uld . it 's long and worth purchasing . it keeps you interested on how SG-1 will solve their next problem in the movie until it all wraps up near the end . i would highly recommend purchasing this product .
 Awesome . I love the stargate series and this is an incredible ending to the series . I am sorry to see it go but as they say ` All good things must come to an end . '
 The ending of the `` Stargate SG-1 '' TV show left some threads dangling -- the last Goa'uld System Lord was still in hiding , and the Ori were still threatening the world.Fortunately the Goa'uld plot threads are more or less tied up in `` Stargate
 i love stargate but iwas kinda left wanting a little more with this movie . they need to make it a 2 to 3 hr movie so they could go a little more in depth with the story . thats the only thing i didnt like about it . its still a good movie to watch though .
 Not as good as many of the TV episodes , but I own them all so I could n't let this one slip by . This one is slow to start and never exciting but still worth owning to keep the whole set . The time travel paradoxes are always fun to figure out .
 I highly recommend this DVD , especially if you 're already a fan of SG-1 . I got caught up in the story , even though I 'd seen some spoilers . And Ba'al is eye candy ... . I also enjoyed the extras . While the commentary , with Martin & Brad , and the bit on going to the Arctic are great , I most like the piece about time travel by an astrophysicist . Get this DVD !
 I am a true fan of Stargate SG1 & Atlantis , so anything that will keep the story going is important . This feature episode meet the criteria to keep the story going , so I have to rate it very highly.Stargate
 Nice work on the continuity ... always tricky for this kind of work . Good addition to the series .
 Several weeks ago , I was invited to a Special Viewing of Stargate SG-1 Continuum . I was , obviously , very excited and shocked that I was chosen to see the movie before it came out ... Plus , with all the reviews stating that this would be a typical SG1 episode -LRB- With Rick -RRB- , I could n't wait ! -LRB- What can I say , I 'm a HUGE RDA fan ! -RRB- ... The beginning of the movie was perfect . To see the `` Old Gang '' together , again , made the opening that much more enjoyable ! Plus , RDA was great with the character moments , and just him being himself ! Trust me when I tell you that you will not be disappointed in the beginning ... ! After the beginning of the movie , it seems that the writers had to `` cheat '' to allow the main characters to keep their memory of the altered time-line ! The other problem with the movie is that it seemed to be rushed to a certain degree!I will admit that is was extremely nice to see so many old faces , but the problem was that there was n't enough time to spend `` quality '' time with all of them , and the fact of the matter is that the writers had to keep the story moving !! I will admit that they did , thankfully , have a few more character moments between the cast than in SG-1 's `` Ark Of Truth '' , but it still was n't enough in my opinion.Please do not get the idea that this movie was bad ... In fact , I 'd recommend it to anyone that enjoys the Stargate show , but at the end of the movie , you will feel like something was missing , and you 'll want more , but you 'll have to wait for another Stargate movie to be made !! -LRB- BTW , do n't forget to look at Col. Mitchell 's locker ... Something will have changed ; can you see what it is ? -RRB- What was it Jack O'Neil said , `` Even us humans know time travel is nothing but trouble ... ! `` In any case , I would still recommend this movie to any Stargate SG-1 fan , but in my opinion , I believe that `` Ark of Truth '' was a better movie , though not by much ! However , I will be purchasing this movie , and hope you all do the same ! Besides , if we all purchase this movie , then MGM may make more SG1 movies ! -LRB- Or , perhaps they 'll bring it back to T.V -RRB-
 I really enjoyed the first DVD , STARGATE - THE ARK OF TRUTH , but felt it was lacking in two areas
 Excellent production and story . The cast from season 10 is all there and we get a bonus with Jack O'Neill in two roles . I thoroughly enjoyed the story , as usual . Stargate Sg-1 has always maintained the highest standards and never disappoints its fans . I only wish the series had continued since Ben Browder and Claudia Black were such excellent additions to SGC . This movie can stand alone and be enjoyed by anyone with only a limited knowledge of the Stargate . For those of you who are fans of the show , it completely delivers . I have watched several times and love every minute of it !
 In my humble opinion , this movie welcomely outshines Ark of Truth . And I hope that further SG movies are of this same caliber or better . While the Ark of Truth was simply too pat a solution to the problem of the Ori , Continuum has a manageable plot that can be dealt with satisfactorily in a hour and a half . Even considering this , the one downside to Continuum to me is that it felt edited down , that is , while watching I got the sense that they cut out footage/story development to maintain the pace of the plot or to meet some time limitations . Personally , this irritates my movie tastes . I like character development/plot development just as much as action . And I felt that an additional 10-15 mins to the movie to amplify some plot issues or highlight some interesting scenes would have been optimal.I hope this does n't give too much away , but there are some good , novel action scenes . Particularly , there is a jet plane dog fight at night emphasis night , which I think adds novelty and an aesthetic appeal that cliched day time dog fights do n't have . In general , production values were much better than the TV series.Cliff Simon was excellent as Baal . The Goa'auld have n't been this cool since Anubis . This really comes out in the Baal , Katesh , Teal ' c relationship triangle that was very well acted and takes some unexpected twists . Kudos to Claudia Black and Christopher Judge who was great as always . Incidentally , Cliff Simon was really ripped . I think this physicality added something to the character . It gave Baal a physical embodiment of his mental , youthful flexibility that has always contrasted him with the other more arrogant , stagnant System Lords . I would n't mind further movies finagling Baal back into the stories .
 While performing an Extraction Ceremony on what SG-1 hopes is Baal 's last clone , something goes terribly wrong . And people start disappearing . When Baal travels back to Earth 's past , he ensures that the Stargate program does n't happen . Samantha Carter , Daniel Jackson , and Cameron Mitchell arrive back on Earth in a different reality and must figure out how to correct the timeline before the Goa'uld invade Earth and destroy all hope.Fans of the record-breaking Stargate SG-1 series are in for a treat . Many characters from the show 's past make brief appearances , as well as the late -LRB- and sorely missed -RRB- Don Davis . But the highlight for me was the featuring of my favorite Stargate bad guy
 Wow ! This movie has a great plot , amazing effects , big action sequences , and dozens of familiar guest-star faces . I would have liked a few extra minutes of focus on the main characters ' emotional moments , but otherwise it 's just about perfect . Think `` tv movie '' for realistic expectations . But it 's just as if we never left the show . Makes me feel like I 'll get to sit down next Friday night and see another . Great job , Stargate team ! Looking forward to more !
 If you have ever enjoyed a single movie or episode of Stargate you will love this . Like everything Stargate you need to at least be familiar with the basic premise of the TV show to grasp it . That said , even if you have n't seen an episode in close to 9 years you will understand it enough to know you are in for a treat . It is dramatic , funny , and most of all a fun ride . My only complaint is its length . The 98 minutes goes by all too fast . I 'd have been happy with another 10minutes , and ecstatic with an extra 20 to fully soak in the characters and story . Make no mistake in what time there is has been used well , but a few climactic scenes could have been lengthened a bit to stress the true direness of the situation.The BD transfer is overall very good especially many of the arctic scenes . There was no doubt on those it was all on location . There are a few shots interspersed that look as if came from a standard definition stock most notable a couple of the airplane shots . The rest of the footage is standard fare for a BD transfer . The arctic shots truly are what sets the BD above and beyond the DVD copy . I just wish there was a digital copy included is my only real gripe .
 I watched this movie in three parts because I just did n't want it to end . If you 're a Stargate fan , then you 'll feel like you 're seeing old friends and the movie is just too short for a good reunion at any length . It 's very well done , and it made me laugh and get a tear in my eye and also suprised me in places . Having lived in the COLD -LRB- Nome , not WAY THE HELL UP THERE -RRB- , it was enjoyable to see the `` Making of '' featurettes , and I have to say it was as enjoyable as the movie . Being a Ben Browder fan , I loved the hair this time , Is it different ? ... or is it just me ? I had a hard time accepting him even with my LOVE of him after I watched the episodes to familiarize myself with the show when he came on because I fell in love with the O'Neil character . In this movie and when I watch season 9-10 now , I 'm HEARING his character and laughing because the writers gave him some funny ____ to say , but I could n't hear him for the comparisons I was making . My Bad ! What an impossible job to come in a replace the lead ! I especially loved seeing the characters settle into their new lives . Daniel Jackson calling himself was a touching scene . It was refreshing since it is n't always possible to ` relax ' with a series time-frame . This might be a more feminine point of view ... since some other reviewers might have enjoyed more action . I love action too , but often miss more ` personal ' moments . I hope the fact that I had to got to 3 stores to find it -LRB- because they were sold out -RRB- is a huge incentive to make more Stargate movies . I 'll be believing ! Thanks for those two !
 This movie was SO enjoyable !!! If you were a Stargate SG-1 fan , you will have a very good time with this movie - and it WILL be over WAY too soon . The writing for the `` Continuum '' script was EXCELLENT - action-packed and an interesting , clever story line . I liked the bigger budget effects - direction and production were a notch above what TV has time/money to do -LRB- and , by the way , the `` Stargate SG1 '' TV series is WORTH BUYING - really wondered what SciFi was thinking when they cancelled it -RRB- . I wanted even more cast time in the `` Continuum '' storyline -LRB- there were places which could have used it , but the budget did n't permit , I 've read -RRB- . I LOVED having snippets of all the characters old/new -LRB- so good together -RRB- - especially having `` Jack '' back . It would have been great to have Jack in much more of the movie . I always get laughs from the writing for Jack 's witty sarcasm . I realized with great nostalgia , how much I MISSED the SG1 TV show -LRB- with these characters - so great to have them all together in `` Continuum '' - the regulars Samantha , Jackson , Teal ` c , Vala - Jack 's return , Landry , Hammond , Hays , etc. -RRB- . I think Ba'al is a wonderful bad guy . I wish the $ people -LRB- MGM , I 've read -RRB- would decide to do more SG1 movies this well done or even better with a bigger budget -LRB- maybe do 2 films at one time -RRB- - if they can fund scripts this clever and well-written AND with the full cast which includes Richard Dean Anderson . Even though they 'd have to film around everyone 's schedules - leave no wo/man behind ! All characters are needed -LRB- we 've grown to love them altogether -RRB- - to be REALLY GOOD - as this movie is - would make me want to spend my money to buy it - as this movie did .
 Let 's keep it simple . `` Ark of Truth '' was just OK.This one is much better.Better production values.Better storyNice twistsJack is Back !!! -LRB- Plus some other old `` friends '' -RRB- This is a must have for any one who has enjoyed Stargate SG-1 . Not just for hard core fans , this is one of the better SG-1 story lines .
 I 'm probably what would be considered a hard-core fan
 First , let me preface this by saying I hardly , if ever , write reviews -- especially for movies . And also that I am going to leave out any and all spoilers when it comes to the movie itself , with the exception of it 's very general plot . For those of you who have , for some reason , not bought this movie yet.When I first heard that this movie was going to involve time travel and an alternate reality , I was skeptical just like you . But I must say that the team really came through on this movie in waulity , writing , and even directing.Martin Wood is not my favorite Stargate director , but he did a really good job on this movie.Where this film shines through most is in the interaction and dialogue between the characters . This movie delves deeper into the characters of Samantha Carter and Daniel Jackson than any full season of the television show . Also , Jack 's brief part in the movie was well done , and he was , of course , just as funny as always.The real star of the movie , though , was Cameron Mitchell . Those of you who think that the show lost something with the departure of Jack O'Neill may find that surprising . But this film does something that two seasons and another movie were never able to do . It allows Mitchell to come out on his own as a character . He finally falls into place as an important central character and steps out of Jack 's long , daunting shadow.I wo n't say more than that because I do n't want to ruin anything for the fans.I 'm obviously not very good at this , so I 'm going to end this simply by saying that this is a very good Stargate movie and it is better than Ark of Truth , which was somewhat limited by the pure amount of plot points it had to cover to satisfy the fans . I was extremely happy with it . My only complaint now is that since it was an alternate reality story , it did n't sate my SG1 craving ! I wanted to see the team together working a problem throughout the movie , like they were on a regular mission . I miss that , and episodes with the whole team working together were precious few during the final two seasons.Someone tell me there will be another movie!If you are a Stargate fan , this movie will make you happy . There are plenty of tasteful cameos -- one in particular that knocked my socks off a little -- and more than one reference to obscure Stargate trivial , but I watched it with a friend who knew nothing about Stargate and afterwards he made it a point to tell me how much he enjoyed it and he is now going to make it a point to watch the show.So , is the movie good ? Yes . It is . It really is great . Buy it , rent it , watch it . That 's the only way we are going to get another one , I think .
 AFTER WATCH COMPLETE SEASONS AND ALL EPISODES OF STARGATE-SG1 , CONTINUUM WAS A FITTING CONCLUSION . ALL STARS OF SG1 PLAYED A PART IN CHARACTER . I REALLY ENJOYED IT .
 good set and value . I am glad I got this and would reccomend it to everyone . Go and get it
 I really liked the story line in this movie , and I loved the fact that Richard Dean Anderson was in it as well.The only issue I have with the movie is that I would have liked to have seen Richard Dean Anderson in more of it . I think it would have been even better if he had gone with them to save the world at the end , but regardless of that I still have to give the movie 5 stars .
 If you are a Stargate fan , then this movie is a must for you . When a couple of the team begin to disappear into thin air the remaining team hits the Stargate and end up in a 20th century when the Stargate has not yet been invented . We have all of our favorite and familiar characters who , of course , go to the North Arctic and Russia to find the frozen Stargate , make things work allowing them to return to their own time and things are made right and all is right with the world . We watched this as a Prime Member free through our computer/TV 60 '' monitor . Wonderful .
 Wow ! In the Antiartic scenes I caught myself looking for the ` fakeness ' of the snow but there was n't any ... because it was the real thing filmed in the real place and that 's just the first surprise . Really , this should have been in the theaters . Enjoy !
 This story brings back the glory and intrigue that lured me to Stargate fandom in the first place . The witty return of Richard Dean Anderson as General Jack O'Neill will be enough to get the stalwart fans in a frenzy . But this story is much more than just a patch to ease the SG-1 fanatic 's withdrawals since the series end . We are revisited by the die-hard Gua'ould system lord Ba'al , who is facing execution . But a crafty story woven through the fabric of time throws the entire existence of the SGC and the stargate program out of whack . All of the key players from the series run make their cameos , including an appearance by the late Don S. Davis as General Hammond -LRB- God rest his soul -RRB- . This is a small screen spectacle that could have easily blazed across the silver screen . And the rumors are already circulating as of early September 2008 that pleasing DVD sales have spurred a third SG-1 adventure ... with a rumored script already in the works . Whether you are a serious fan or just a fan of good adventure and Sci-Fi fare that is smart instead of campy , you will love this movie !
 I purchased this as a gift for my son who has the whole series . He was delighted . Great gift choice !!
 Great ! Great movie ! Good , fun storyline and the North Pole was incredible !! Joel Goldsmith 's music was perfect as usual and it was great to see everyone , especially Don Davis in his final Stargate role.I highly recommend this movie to fans and newcommers !
 I enjoyed this movie but I still want more ... I absolutely loved Stargate SG1 , the relationships among the actors was fabulous . If you are a diehard fan like myself you will love this movie as well .
 a solid stargate movie but verry anticlimatic it just ends to fast in the end and left a lot to desire
 Watch it you will enjoy it . I not a fan of the Stargate series , but I enjoyed how this cleaver concept was exercuted in this self contained episode .
 If you are a Stargate SG1 fan you will definately want to purchase this movie . I have been a fan since the beginning with the original Stargate with Kurt Russel . I usually have found spin offs lacking from original releases but I just fell in love with this series and how the charactors all interact and bring out the best in each others charactors . I found Stargate Continuum to possess a fantastic storyline that keeps you captivated through out the movie . My only critical point is that the ending kind of comes up abrupt , kind of `` huh '' its over . I still loved this and will add it to my Stargate collection . A word of caution to potential buyers - there are bad imitations from market place sellers so beware . Amazon.com took great care of me as I was one who got taken from a low price and recieved a bootleg copy with sub titles you can not turn off . I then purchased from Amazon.com and recieved a perfect `` New DVD '' . Hope you enjoy this movie as much as I did
 I like the way this one turned out ! Looks like they neatly and tidily wrapped up the G'ould saga and can now close out the series without loose ends , or have them move on to other enterprises like getting rid of those pesky Ori , once and for all !
 This movie is a perfect bookend to the stargate saga , although of course the future is open for a continuing of the story.Production values are excellent . Scenes hinted at in previous episodes regarding a massive invasion of earth by space are finally seen , and they do an excellent job of portraying earth under attack by space.Virtually every old enemy re-surfaces in the movie due to the altered timeline story , and it is refreshing to see the familiar ` baddie ' characters reprising these roles , even if only briefly.You 'll appreciate this movie the most if you see it after watching the main stargate series , obviously . But the pacing , the interesting story , great special effects , and the excellent performance by Cliff Simon as Baal really make this a wonderful science fiction production in general.I look forward to future releases and the continuing of the stargate story in this and other media .
 This is a way beyond average SG1 episode that asks all the questions an audience might ask , but it throws them back at the audience and then proceeds to go on with a quick-paced adventure that is more cerebral than the typical machine gun , staff-weapon blasting stuff . And though the movie is theater-quality production , the hi-def transfer is definitely low tier . Dark areas are grainy and many shots are less than clear . It 's also worth a pause when Daniel Jackson looks at the back cover of a book he published in the alternative timeline . Clearly no one thought anyone would do it as no care is made in the editing or writing of text.The movie 's worth buying , but I wish the transfer had been better .
 This movie nicely wrapped up the Stargate saga . This movie was worth the wait , the special effects were awesome .
 If you like sg-1 and the adventures dealing with time travel , this movie is quite enjoyable . Yes , some of the old sequences are there -LRB- Teal ' c as first prime but wants to be free -RRB- , but , new twists with Vala and Ba'al . The story still leaves open the idea that other Goaul 'd may be around , but the last major god has been vanquished .
 A much better way to end SG1 . It is worth buying and watching .
 Richard Dean Anderson brings so much to this latest installment of the SG-1 saga . RDA , the entire cast , a wicked awesome plot , and the fact that the arctic scenes were shot on location makes this movie all that much more awesome !
 This was classic SG-1 ! What a fun , thrill ride this film was ! I loved every minute of this and it was like watching early season SG-1 when it was at its height . A fun time travel story that was very well written .
 I bought the Ark but was n't thrilled over it . However , Continuum was fantastic . It brings back memories of the earlier seasons of SG1 . I think the G'ould were the best of nemesis verses the Ori . The Ori , it was too forced . The G'ould history was inter-woven with Earth 's history , which made for a better , more relateable enemy . I 'm glad THEY made the Continuum . And if you have n't seen the two behind the scenes -LRB- making-of -RRB- , I loved those too !
 Good movie . Better than the Ark of Truth . Some critics say it hurried at the end - I 'm not sure of that . I mean I hate Star Trek Next Generation because of the hurried , jump-ahead endings that left a lot of info out . I did not have that feeling at all with this movie.It would have been great if they threw in an appearance of the Russian commander that were in earlier StarGate episodes . Also , I wish Jack had a little more animosity towards Ball - after all , he did torture him more than any human ever -LRB- previous episodes -RRB- . And in fact , after the torture episode is when Jack became more sarcastic . The writers probably did not even realize the timing of this slight character change . Jack is , through his sarcasm , still no doubt hiding the psycological pain of the torture Ball inflicted on him.Ok enough of that ... It is still a very good moive .
 The order was processed and shipped much faster than I expected , and was packaged very well . I recommend both Amazon and the movie for anyone wanting trustworthy online shopping and great products .
 Not as good as the first movie , but it was good enough . This one certainly brought out a lot of the old Go'uld System Lords .
 The movie was great ! It was good seeing Jack back . I definitely was impressed with the SPECIAL EFFECTS -LRB- hats off to the ones that put it together -RRB- . I look forward to the next film.John
 I love everything that has to do with Stargate . From the original Stargate movie with Kurt Russell and James Spade to the Stargate SG1 Series and Stargate Atlantis , I 've been hooked for a while now . I love these shows and will always be a fan .
 If you watch the Stargate series on TV you 'll enjoy `` Continuum '' and `` Stargate - The Ark of Truth '' . They complete the series .
 It was everything I expected and more . I hated to see it end I wish the series did have to end .
 This movie was just as fun as the series , and a great plot , if a little predictable , but it had to be to turn out right . Good sci-fi , I wish they 'd make a few more !
 This is a good movie in the series of Stargate , I am waiting for the next installment
 I have n't had a late or mis-directed purchase from Amazon as of yet . Keep up the good work . The products I purchased were exactly as touted . New , Unopened , Factory sealed , NON-Imports . Some of my recent purchases are Christmas gifts but I 'm confident they will play without any problems .
 The only thing that bothered me is that this already happened before . A few times in different ways . Several twists in the story keep you interested though . Ca n't wait for the blu-ray to come out so I can go buy it . Production and acting made it very believable . Just for that , I 'm gon na go watch it again right now !
 This movie is great ! What 's not to like ? The cast is all back together . You think it 's the end of the world , but it really is n't . I kept thinking , `` I CA N'T believe they killed JACK ! '' Then as the movie progressed , I kept thinking I ca n't believe they killed . . this person . . and that person ... Let 's all be happy that the producers are even making movies for Stargate fans . Be appreciative or they will forget about us and we wo n't have any more movies . So STOP COMPLAINING people ! Be happy !
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday . It was a fun movie and it was good to see Richard Dean Anderson again . Unlike some time travel movies this one made sense and was easy to follow . All in all a good flick .
 This would have been a good season finale and season start , but to do it as a farewell episode . I liked the Ark of Truth better . This episode had a lot of concentrated action and a lot of wasted time . They could have made it longer with a bit more of what happens to them when they are not involved . It was not their best effort but it was still Stargate .
 Another SG-1 mega-episode keeping with the SG-1 tradition . If you liked the TV show , this should also please you . It was n't something that would do well at the movie theater , but for the price , it is a great night 's entertainment . Enjoyable . Sad to see some of the actors in their last SG-1 role -LRB- General Hammond , for example -RRB- , and nice to see some of the other actors from the privious episodes that we have n't seen for a LONG time . I recomend it .
 I enjoyed this movie tremendously . The problem with reviewing it , is that to say much of anything is to say too much and thus ruin the fun ... . and it is fun . There are lots of old friends -LRB- and enemies -RRB- , although some of them are n't there long . Stargate fans should get a real kick out of this one . There are twists and turns and surprises around every corner . One interesting note ; the Arctic scenes are actually filmed in the Arctic and the submarine is the USS Alexandria , a nuclear sub with her crew . The extra features are quite interesting , especially the Laymens Guide to Time Travel so be sure to watch those ! Leap through the Stargate one more time ... you will be glad you did .
 If you 're a SG-1 fan , do n't even bother reading the reviews , just watch this great movie . It 's better than Ark of Truth -LRB- which I liked -RRB- and has everything a fan could want
 For those looking for a movie theater blockbuster , summertime hit ... scroll on by . For those looking for a great SG-1 two-part episode that captures the essence of the series ... buy it now!From the start of the movie , it has the feel of the series and the mood of it as well . RDA is still great as Jack -LRB- my family really missed him in the last seasons of the series -RRB- . All the regulars are back and we could n't have been happier . It was a lot of fun -LRB- something you do n't see too much of on TV anymore -RRB- . I wo n't give any spoilers -LRB- where would the fun in that be ??? -RRB- , but we do get to see some old bad guys and even Vala as K'tesh -LRB- ! -RRB- . This is a movie for fans of the series.My family and I really enjoyed it and hope that many more will too . As mentioned in a different review , this was Don S. Davis ' last appearance as Hammond as Mr. Davis died of a heart attack in June . Condolences to his family aside , this is a blow to the SG-1 family as well . He was there in the beginning and lent a touch of realism to the series and the movie . He will truly be missed . I hope in the next movie , he will be honored in some way by the cast and writers . He will truly be missed by all of the fans ... Good luck and God speed , General Hammond .
 Received the DVD yesterday and watched it last night , was so pleased with it , liked it even more than the Ark of Truth . This story brings back the Goa'uld in a big way , right when you think they 're going to be forever eliminated as a threat to Earth . Tons and tons of actors from SG-1 's 10 seasons are enlisted , and the storyline is awesome . Too many times , TV shows that make a movie spend too much time giving the production a `` movie '' feel . Continuum feels like a lost episode of SG-1 - time travel conundrums , what-ifs , and plenty of action kept me on my toes from start to finish.Another plus , my girlfriend , who has only ever seen the original movie -LRB- Stargate -RRB- and Ark of Truth , really truly enjoyed Continuum and wants to watch the series . I 've owned every season set , then eventually sold them , so it sounds like I need to get the complete 10 season series !
 Simply put the movie was GREAT . If you liked episodes such as , `` There But For The Grace of God , '' `` 1969 , '' and `` Lost City '' than you will love this . Also the music in the movie was Superb . Long Live Stargate .
 I thought the movie was very good . It was nice to see many elements from past seasons culminating in the team `` saving '' earth once again . My only complaint is that the movie ended more abruptly than I would have liked . Just when I was really getting into it , it was over . Ca n't wait for more .
 This movie was excellent . I did run into issues with my Blu-Ray . For you Cyberlink users out there , you will need the upgrade at -LRB- http://www.cyberlink.com/multi/download/dl_patch.jsp?dl_id=619&ProdId=1&lang=ENU -RRB- - this fixes the 1 second pixilization issue .
 I love Continuum !! MGM knows how to back the right production people on this series but have no guts to continue something great ! Any other billionaires out there wan na purchase the Stargate franchise ? We need to re-employ these people again!Buy this movie today ! It is a dying breed of excellence !! I want more of this -LRB- and yes , I miss all of my SG1 team ~ all 7 of them -RRB-
 i got the item really quik , it works great and the video is of good quality . the box is new never used before ! i love the series !
 i have the entire stargate sg-1 box set and the ark of truth movie ... this one is my favorite !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the continued story line of the evil but suave gould Bal is just so well crafted and keeps you on the edge of your seat/sofa/bean bag ... what ever your setting on :-RRB- if you are a huge sg-1 fan , you have to watch this !
 Movie arrived quickly . Just as good as new . A + + + + + + + Surpassed my expectations . Bought the movie cheaper than what I could have rented it .
 The DVD worked perfectly . As for the movie , it was really good . My husband is a major Stargate SG1 fan so we had to have this movie for his collection .
 Firstly , I am a STARGATE newbie so please bear with me . I bought SG : C beause I was in the mood for realisic sci-fi . In that regard , it does not dissapoint . What accucally caught my eye was the Browder/Black acting team . If Mr. Browder was Han Solo in FARSCAPE , then he is Indiana Jones in SG : C
 unfortunately this was ` stargates ' farewell no other films ever came . This was basically a two part stargate episode with a higher budget and it was one of the last things that Don Davis ever filmed before his death . He played General Hammond and many other characters during his career of course . -LRB- rip d.d. -RRB- Anyways this is in no way deserving of bad reviews IF you like stargate sg-1 . It 's a average tale for the team as they travel through time , personally I would have liked a nontime travel story for their final adventure . Sadly At this date I ca n't see them making another one . I wish they would though . The blu ray looks stunning and it 's a even better deal on the two movie pack with ` the ark of truth ' blu ray . I still have hopes for this series to be on blu ray but that 's not happening at this time . However the excellent series `` space 1999 ' has made it to blu ray and that 's a plus . ALthough it does n't help us sg fans ! Anyways I enjoyed this movie but it 's not the best story of this series by far . This one is for sg fans all the way and that 's who should want this one the most . Casual sci fi fans will still enjoy this one too though .
 For all of us Stargate fans of many years running , `` Continuum '' may well be our last viewing of the cast we have enjoyed for so long , at least all doing Stargate . Whereas `` Ark of Truth '' wrapped up the storyline unfinished when the series ended , `` Continuum '' gives us closure on the last System Lord on the loose ... the ever elusive Baal . Baal was a good choice to end Stargate stories with . Surprisingly charming and engaging despite his predilection for absolute evil , using him for this finale casts a fitting salute to the ongoing System Lord arc which had such sturdy legs in carrying the series year after year.Here the SG-1 team returns to Earth on the heels of mysterious circumstances to find that Earth as they know it has changed in ways both subtle and dramatic . Although the people they should know , but do n't , believe them , they are completely unwilling to take any action to set things `` right '' ... in fact quite the opposite . The most damaging change is the lack of a Stargate program , and when the System Lords show up to begin their bombardment of Earth , it becomes obvious to everyone that they should have paid more attention to the returning SG-1 members!The blu-ray presentation is beautiful ... reference quality . Sound and effects are at the typical blu-ray level of magnificent . Obviously , I have not the slightest technical quibble with this presentation.As the `` Star Trek
 A good addition to the Stargate world . If you are a fan of the show I believe you will find this movie another good episode , if you have never liked Stargate then walk away now . this movie makes a great addition to my Stargate collection .
 STARGATE
 Yeah , I am a huge Stargate fan . The franchise created by Jonathan Glassner and Brad Wright is the longest running sci-fi series in the US . While longevity might not always indicate quality , Stargate lived 10 seasons on network TV because it presented long story arcs along with interesting characters and situations that you wanted to watch week after week.So , with that , this second movie produced after SG-1 was not renewed as a series on the Sci-Fi channel -- `` Continuum '' was definitely a treat . While the prior movie tied up lots of loose ends , Continuum is really a continuation of the franchise . The use of an alternate time line provided an opportunity to give familiar characters different roles than they have played in the past.The story , without revealing any details is `` simple '' . Ba'al as a continuing bad guy has a fail safe to prevent his -LRB- un -RRB- predictable demise . The Stargate time line is changed and the Stargate program is not developed as it had been on Earth . It is up to SG-1 to set things right , stop the destruction of Earth and the Gou ` ld take down of the galaxy . For such a familiar story line you would think it would be getting OLD . Guess not!Highlights ? Jack O'Neill makes an appearance . Vala is wonderfully different in character , as is Teal ' c -- both characters revealing a potential past . The concept of time travel -- especially getting to see how it is accomplished -- is always fun , along with the paradoxes time travel always seems to present . Oh , and as one of my friends always used to say to spoil things I had not seen yet ... `` everyone dies '' . If you are a fan , Buy this movie . You will enjoy it . If you are not a fan , start with season 1 and work your way forward ! You only have 10 seasons of spectacular sci-fi to get through.I just hope that this is not the last thing we will be seeing of Stargate SG-1 . A tear forms in my eye thinking that might be the case ...
 They really went back to basics with this one . It felt like Stargate from the first few seasons , a show in it 's prime . You can see they spent money on this one , the location shooting was amazing , the action never let up , and the story was interesting . Now , all of us fans know this story is derivative of MANY previous Stargate episodes involving Time Travel , however , it 's the execution that makes it stand out . Ark of Truth was a good conclusion to the TV storyline , but this actually FEELS like a movie.Also , watching Stargate in High Def is definitely worth the price . If you 're an SG1 fan , you 'll love this movie . If you 're not , you will still enjoy it .
 What a fun and exciting ride !! A `` classic '' Stargate SG-1 adventure , with as Cam once said `` the band together again '' ! Such fun to see th original team all together and the enhancement the addition of Cam and Vala are to that group . Loved watching RDA interact with his old friends again.The acting is great , the Arctic scenes are jaw-dropping , Brad Wright is at his finest with the script and Martin Wood is magnificent behind the camera as the director.Don ' t miss this one folks !
 It was a very enjoyable movie , nice to see so many familiar faces , even if some only make a cameo appearance , like Colin Cunningham.I liked the story , timetravel & alternate realities are always fun . Good quality picture and very impressive scenes on the Arctic . I hope we get to see of these movies . Good to see Don S Davis once more as General Hammond , we will miss him .
 The story of the movie is exactly what I expected -LRB- I was kind of sick about the invincible Ori , they had to resort to magic to destroy them in Ark of Truth -RRB- . A whole new adventure . It lacked the spaceships 's fights with asgard technology I wanted , but it was cool anyways.It tied a few loose ends . I hope it 's not the last SG1 movie.Nice work , the audio is incredible when hooked to HT . Video is amazing in a 52 '' 1080P LCD . It was worth the wait.I 'm looking forward for the next movie .
 Awesome movie , a must see for any Gater ! Was interesting to see all the old system lords united back once again - same actors/actresses to hold true to form . It was especially great to see Jack back and remain alive -LRB- no leaks here - see the movie to see what I mean ! -RRB- . Overall super - wife and I had one question - what happened to the Cameron that went back and how does he play the family genealogy?Looking forward to more SG movies down the road !
 An amazing closing to an excellent , often groundbreaking series . Well worth the money . No wonder this is Amazon 's # 1 product in Movies and TV.I especially liked the part where the characters explore with the emotional aspect of being stranded in a different timeline.Great movie
 Continuum works a timeline/time-travel plot which is very similar to that of Moebius -LRB- from the eighth season on TV -RRB- . All 's well that ends well - or so it seems . Can we be sure that we are back in the `` correct '' timeline in each of these SG-1 stories ? The fish situation in O'Neill 's pond -LRB- comparing Moebius vs. Threads -RRB- was treated none too subtly , for one thing.While we awaited its release , the hype surrounding Continuum seemed to imply that individuals were disappearing at Ba'al 's `` execution '' as a result of a change in a timeline such that they were not meant to exist in it . Has n't that hokey plotline been done before , and would the Stargate writers really do that to us ? At any rate , look who vanishes first . And check out that special `` knowing '' look on Ba'al 's face at the second disappearance . Clearly there is a plan afoot.Isn ' t one timeline - however it may branch off from another - just as valid as any other timeline ? The `` alternate '' Landry most adamantly addresses this idea to the SG-1 team who had somehow jumped into his timeline and is trying to `` fix '' things . Further viewings bring more thinking on the matter . Stargate consistently does that , ya think ? I so love this series for that , and one could not ask for better actors to move it along.The writers are always exercising their collective intelligence to the extreme , and they have given us a consistent series of episodes over the years - filled with character development , irreverance , team spirit and reasonably good science . Let 's have one more movie that takes its time in these matters and allows the characters to enjoy each other more . And enough with alternate timelines and time travel already . That 's been done to death . Let O'Neill SO kick some Tokra butt , and have him and Carter finally get it on in the `` official '' timeline and retire to an ascended state , or at least the state of Minnesota . `` Fly Away '' by Bread would make a perfect ending song .
 Stargate Continuum is an enjoyable movie . I enjoyed it more than many other Theater Release films . The cast is as usual superb . Seeing Don Davis teared me up a bit . I hope they do more of them .
 SG1 Continuum , is a great movie . The CGI is flawless and over all a great movie . I hope it is n't the last MGM does .
 I still enjoyed the movie , but it could have been much better . It felt like the plot was just starting to build up then the movie was suddenly over .
 This is one of the best movies thus far in the Stargate movie selection . Both encompassing to the realization of 10 years of the series , to thrilling action and characterization . You will not want to miss the end of Baal .
 My husband is a big Stargate fan and we just loved it.Thank youCyndy
 Makes me long for the old days of Jack , Daniel , Sam , and Teal ` c . This is a great movie , just not long enough , but that could be just because I 'm not sure if there is going to be another one . A must have for any SG-1 fan
 Stargate
 I really liked the movie . It cleared up a few of the story lines in the series.I would recommend the movie to any Stargate fan .
 Great movie . Interesting story . A fitting end to the series . I do hope that in future another film is made . Perhaps with a larger budget and theatrical release .
 Back To The Old Orifice AgainRick Anderson , aka MacGyver , playing his alter ego , Jack O'Neill , in his breakout Sci-Fi show `` Stargate , SG1 '' has previously referred to the Stargate as the `` Old Orifice '' with great nostalgia.Even though the `` gate '' never attained the same reverence as the `` U.S.S. Enterprise '' did in the original Star Trek Sci-Fi show , it is without a doubt the single most important artifact of the popular show.In the `` Stargate '' world , the limits of the gate led to more conventional forms of transportation during story development . The SG1 teams were later able to choose to travel via spaceships or even be scrambled and beamed ala Star Trek . However , it is `` the old orifice '' that takes center stage in this romp back through time.Many of the unique features of the gate are presented which lead to problems that even the Ancient builders never seemed to bother fixing . For instance , why is every gate traveller subjected to being dumped on the other side of the wormhole without so much as a cheap shield that would protected them from a hostile greeting party?As this scenario plays out , we discover that getting there really is the only fun part . Stargate 's slickest bad guy , Bal ` l , is back in form as the universe 's biggest pain in the gate . While the entire team does n't operate together in the beginning of the story every one is brought together near the end ... for the `` do over '' of a lifetime.This is the best `` after series '' movie to date and captures the spirit of the early `` gate '' adventures.If only B'all had brought along a personal shield the entire world would have turned out ... well , you buy the movie and find out for yourself .
 I have been a fan of Stargate from the beginning . This movie was excellent . I would highly recommend it .
 I wish this movie was on DVD . My daughter was brought up on this movie - and we always have to laugh about whether or not she 's been a good girl so I can read to her - from the TV Guide . Hundreds of laughs if you have no shame . Characters are lovable and unforgettable - who would n't want Theresa as their neighbor ? From absence excuses for school to mama 's desire for a peach colored love sofa , the laughs go on and on .
 very hard to find black comedy , not on dvd so had to get on vhs . Good quality fast delivery makes for a happy camper .
 Imagine Meatloaf as he played Eddie in the Rocky Horror Picture Show . Remember ? Now picture him having a son , or even worse a little ` Mini-me ' clone . That who this kid ` Robe ' reminds me of . He is a dark character who entertains his friends in the junkyard.Ok anyway , this little squirt of a kid named Max Keeble is attending Junior High for the first time . He 's got the bully -LRB- who writes his victim 's name on his T-shirt everyday and shows an astonished and terrified crowd of students -RRB- , overbearing history teacher , a beautiful science teacher , and a psycho loser for a principal.So anyway imagine you have two days to do whatever you want with no consequences . That how Max sees life as he and his family are about to move . He takes his revenge on the principal with a squirrel and a monkey . Terrorizes the bully with what only can be described as a psycho Scottish frog with a Barney complex.Of course he ends up not moving so he pays the price . Such is the moral of the story . It 's a good movie for young teens and pre-teens . It has the squeaky clean Disney seal all over it so you do n't have to worry about anything your kids will see . Even the sexy first chair clarinet player only goes so far , though she does have a Britney Spears type theme song whenever she appears on screen . Disney always has to have the fantasy princess and she 's it.Also this movie has a food fight that would have done The Delta House from ` Animal House ' proud . A mustard bazooka made from a tuba was brilliant .
 If I had a dime for everytime we 've watched this I 'd be a trillionaire and it 's still funny ! Our Video tape of it went kaput so we bought the DVD ! Great movie . They should make a sequel !
 Max is a young paperboy , who 's been picked on for years . So when his parents tell them they 're moving he decides to get back at all his bullies -LRB- including the ice cream man who shoots ice cream at kids -RRB- , and get the girl he has a crush on to notice him . This looks like a great movie .
 While `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' was n't as good as Disney 's summer flick , `` The Princess Diaries '' , It does provied 9o minuites of good , clean entertainment for children , and a few laughs for the adults as well . On his first day of middle school , Max Keeble is targeted by the school bully , gets on the unintelligent principle 's bad side , and is chased by an evil ice cream man . When his parents decide to move to Chicago , Max decides to take revenge and whin the heart of the schools cutest girl . Everyone can relate to this movie wether you are a boy , girl , bully , or the one people pick on . Do your family a favor and treat them to `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' !
 Max Keeble -LRB- Alex D. Linz -RRB- is a misunderstood kid who 's been picked on and bullied nearly his entire life . When his parents tell him they are moving , Max decides to stand up for himself and eventually changes the way the school looks at him . ` Max Keeble 's Big Move ' will be a very entertaining movie for kids and adults ... a harmless Disney movie that will help people -LRB- especially kids -RRB- get their minds off of September 11th . It 's a heartwarming comedy . It 's Disney , of course , so it 'll probably have a predictable plot , but it 's still worth viewing . The acting by the entire cast is solid , and the plot is actually pretty good , too . It will be a very enjoyable movie and it 'll be a smash hit with the kids - I can already gaurantee it ! So if you 've got kids , then take them to see ` Max Keeble 's Big Move ' . Heck , even if you do n't have kids you should still go see it . It looks like great fun !
 My whole family saw this movie and we all loved it , so I never understood why it was a box office bomb ! Maybee it 's because everyone compared it to `` The Princess Diaries '' wich was in theaters 2 months before `` Max '' . It perfectly portrays public middle school ! It 's Max 's first day of Junior High School and has plans to make this year better than last . But upon arrival , he finds he is the target of the school bully , teachers are mean , and the girl of his dreams dose n't even know he 's alive . But when his dad says they 're moving , he seeks revenge on them all , including the evil ice cream man ! His skeems to get back at everyone are hilarious ! And it gets even better when he finds out he 's not moving ! There are even cameo 's by the child rapper , Little Romeo , and pop sensation , Myra , who 's hit `` Miracles Happen '' was featured in `` The Princess Diaries '' ! Your whole family will love it !
 Having been in grade school a few years back , I remember the bullies and life as a short , thin kid ... Max Keeble had my revenge ! :-RRB- `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' enjoys the ingenuity of `` Home Alone '' for creating masterful pranks , though not as slap-stick . Not quite in the `` Ferris Bueller '' category , but appropriate for grade school kids.The message delivered will please parents , and remind them of how hard being in school can be . When Max comes to grips with his mistakes , he takes responsibility . And he discovers that friendship is a great foundation for love.You wo n't need Dolby for this one . And if it turns out you see it in a second-run theater or rent it , you 'll do fine . But be sure to invite a bunch of kids who will hoot and holler through the gags.I fully recommend `` Max Keeble 's Big Move . `` Anthony Trendl
 The movie was cute . Max has a LOT of trouble with bullies at school and his father is having a parallel situation with his boss at work but they both eventually prevail by becoming courageous .
 I read alot of bad reveiws when this movie was just released but Im glad I dide n't pay to much attention to them.I went and saw this movie with these little kids -LRB- 7 and 9yr olds -RRB- I babysit.I wasent expecting much out of it considering it was aimed for the pre-teens . But as I was watching it I noticed how much I could relate to the charaters.I guess becuase it reminded me of Junior High that I left just 3 years ago.Max the short kid who wants his 7th grade year to be where he can finally be cool.His first day is a nightmare he gets , chased by the `` evil ice cream man '' , beat up by Troy McGinty -LRB- my favorite character -RRB- a punk type bully who writes names of his victims on his shirt daily , Dobbs a 12year old stock broker steals Max 's lunch money -LRB- I found one of the funniest charaters -RRB- , and the wannabe superintentant principal keeps a grudge against Max becuase he distrupted the school assembly.When Max finds out he 's moving Max plans to get back at all the people that pushed him and his friends around.I think all the actors did a belivable job-esspeacilly Alex D.Linz who plays Max.His acting did remind me of Fred Savage of the Wonder Years for some reason-his movements or his voice or somthing.But he is a great young actor.And it is a HUGE step up from that movie that should have never been made `` Home Alone 3 '' . This is not your adverage Disney movie -LRB- even if it is a little predictable -RRB- - In fact it reminded me a tad of that old Nickelodeon show Pete and Pete.I dont know who I would recomend this too.Im 17 and I love this movie to peices.I relized there is alot of comparison to the Princess Diaries and Max Keeble but there about differant things.Princess Diaries wasent as nearly as funny or entertaining as this.All and all I think you should let your pre-teens see this movie at least once .
 I have heard of movies get rated for language , humor , sexuality , and nuity . But before this movie , I have never heard of a movie getting rated for some bullying . And that is one of the reasons why Max Keeble 's Big Move got rated PG . The other is Crude Humor . It is about a boy starting junior high school . As the movie opens , Max Keeble -LRB- Alex D. Linz -RRB- is starting junior high school . And Max also delievers the papers when he is not in school . His Dad -LRB- Robert Carradine -RRB- sometimes has to wear customs to work . And the first time we see him in the movie , he wears a lobster custom . His best friends are Meagn -LRB- Zena Grey -RRB- and Robert -LRB- Josh Peck -RRB- , but is nickname is Robe . But some bad news happens , first the near by animal shelter is being closed down , to make way from the junior high school 's football stadium . The Princpal -LRB- Larry Miller -RRB- is closing down the shelter . His family has to move to Chicago . And also , the evil ice cream man -LRB- Jaime Kenndy -RRB- is after him . So Max decides to get revenge on the bullies . Including the student bullies , Troy McGinty -LRB- Noel Fishen -RRB- and Dobbs -LRB- Orlando Brown -RRB- . McGinty hates McGoggles the frog , and wears shirts with the names of his victims . And Dobbs was once a millonaire , but has gone broke . And now steals the other students lucnch money , and even chargers to use the bathrooms . This is a great movie to watch with the family , even on a rainy night/afternoon/morning . If you love comedy movies , this is one you have to watch . And if you do n't like comdy movies , then please do n't bother to view this film .
 Max is such a funny little movie.He finds out he is leaving town and decides to take revenge on his bullies b4 he goes , only to discover he is not leaving after all.Grab this video along with Harriet the Spy , which reminds me of it somehow .
 VERY WELL DONE . ESPECIALLY GOOD TALENT OF THE YOUNG PEOPLE . I HAVE GIVEN ADVD TO TWO YOUND FRIENDS . BELLE , 3RD GRADE AND RILEY SECOND GRADE . THEY CONTINUALLY LAUGHTED THROUGHOUT THE WATCHING .
 This was an good movie , but I 've seen better . It was a little overdone with the evil ice cream man who has glowing red eyes sometimes , the bully who 's afraid of a little kid show character , the moneymaking `` businessman '' -LRB- really a middle schooler , -RRB- and the success driven pricipal . It had it 's funny parts and it 's bad parts , but all in all in was an OK movie . Try it out .
 As a single father struggling to raise three wonderful kids -LRB- two boys , ages 10 and 12 , and one girl , age 8 -RRB- -- especially in these troubling , uncertain times -- I 'm always on the lookout for movies I can take them to that will a -RRB- entertain them ; and b -RRB- have a positive message . There 's enough negativity already in the world ! Max Keeble , which I saw at a sneak preview last weekend , was a very pleasant surprise . Laugh-out-loud funny -- even for me ! -- well-scripted , ably directed , and heartwarming . Bravo to all involved ! I 'd expect nothing less from Disney , but this movie is a rare treat . I urge everyone with kids to tkae them to see Max Keeble if they want an extremely entertaining movie , several cuts above the standard kid-aimed pap . It will be well worth your time !!
 This movie is about a kid who thinks he is moving to Chicago from ? So he decides to back at bullies , teachers , etc. . Then it turns out he is n't moving ! & that 's all I can tell!Buy It !
 Disney 's latest live action movie , `` Max Keeble 's Big Move '' looks pretty good . The first trailor is already out . From what I understand , Max is a boy who has been picked on his whole life . But all thats about to change . Max is moving ! He seeks revenge on evil ice cream men , bullies , and even his stupid principle . In the trailor , the principle says , `` Your a smart boy Max Keeble ... But so am I ! '' Plus , pop 's newest teen recording artist , Myra , who 's current single `` Miracles Happen '' can be found on the soundtrack to `` The Princess Diaries '' , has a role as one of the schools most popular girls ! I ca n't wait to see it . Theres more info on this movie at Disney 's web site !
 Max Keeble is not your typical youngster . He is skilled in the art of taking revenge upon his enemies . For children who enjoy films such as Home Alone , Max Keeble is right up your alley . I would not recommend it for adults .
 MY KIDS AND I LOVED THE MOVIE . IT 'S YOUR USUAL KID OVERCOMING HIS FEARS AND BEATING THE BULLY STORY , BUT IT IS FUNNY . I THINK I MAY HAVE ENJOYED MORE THAN MY KIDS .
 I agree with the other reviewers of this truly fun movie -- why was n't it a hit ? Maybe because it was released so close to September 11 , people did n't want to let their kids go to the movies or something . In any case , Larry Miller 's a scream , Zena Grey 's adorable , and Josh Peck as Robe gives a breakout comic performance . The script 's far wittier than usual family-film fare -- there 's a number of jokes that must have gone right over the audience 's heads , but there 's enough kid-aimed humor to keep even the antsiest pre-teen in thrall . In sum
 Well , it 's been almost forever since I have seen this movie . It was one of my favorite when I was younger . It 's a very funny movie.Josh Peck is in it ! Lol , it 's just funny seeing him younger.I suggest this for elementary students .
 Move over , Citizen Kane . Here comes Max Keeble and his big move . Lets get one thing straight . If you do n't like movies that will blow you away with intense action , have you rolling on the floor with comedy , and bring you to tears with an amazingly written plot to rival those of Shakespeare , then by all means , avoid this movie . If you and your family want to enjoy the greatest cinematic experience ever created , click `` add to cart '' , have it shipped overnight , and be prepared to be thoroughly enlightened by the epic performances of Alex Linz , Jamie Kennedy , and a younger but far more hilariously obese Josh Peck . If you do n't think this is the best movie ever made , I will come to your house and fight you . No lie .
 I 'm a sucker for family movies , so I love this movie . It 's a perfect story for kids . I just do n't care much for the parts in the movie where he pretends to be in a Kung Fu movie . Other than that , it 's great .
 I jut enjoy this movie the boy that plays robe the actor is Josh Peck from Drake and Josh show . In my dvd box it had a big picture .
 A fun back to school movie to watch . It was so funny with all the jokes played throughout the movie , I was laughing the whole time . The garbage -LRB- food -RRB- fight at the dump -LRB- cafetaria -RRB- was the funniest . Who in my mind would want to play chess there ? Mr. Jindrake the principal was funny too . Because of the PG rating I would recommend parents should accompany young children under 8 .
 I wish Max Keeble was my father . He repersents all that is good & just in the world , and is the point of my obsession . However , the way they repersent the fat kid , I believe Robe was thy name , is perposturous and insulting towards my superior intelligence . He is constantly getting stuck -LRB- Winnie The Pooh syndrome -RRB- , and the other kids generally avoid him . I think the incredible brain trust behind Max Keeble hate fatties . With that said , the rest of the movie was suprisingly realistic and my favorite scene is where the sk8er kid sk8s around the school , because sk8boarding is kewl.Why did they make the popular girl seem like such a jerk ? IT WAS HER SEAT ... The principal scared me a little bit , with his insane hi-jinks and all ... The Saga Of Max Keeble makes me proud to be an American . Wear the red , white , and blue proud Max . Wear it proud .
 I am not persay a huge fan of kids movies , but this one had me falling over laughing . The kids in this movie are just hillarious , the story with the evil principal is totally worth seeing . Even being a so called grown up , I would watch this over and over and over again ! Get it , you will love it as will your kids !
 Max Keeble is a pretty much average kid who takes on the system - and `` boy '' does he win ... WITH HILARIOUS CONSEQUENCES ! Lest you think young Mr. Keeble will let the `` bullies '' get him down , just watch him defeat them in clever , humorous ways ! My two children -LRB- 7 and 14 -RRB- are rolling on the rec room carpet with laughter ! We bought it last week and they 've watched it each and every day since , except Thursday , which is the day we made the unfortunate mistake of going to the `` four dollar water park . '' -LRB- Kyle was slightly injured -RRB- . Thanks to the folks at Walt Disney for such a wonderful , cheeky surprise - good clean fun , hilarity , high jinks , a cast of unique characters that 'll have you removing your socks and waving them in the air , plus a `` lesson '' in life to boot ! I think I enjoyed it as much as they did ! Every kid should be encouraged , allowed , or made to watch this - they DESERVE it !
 I think this was hilarious movie . Me and my friend saw it together and we were cracking up . There are a lot of great cameos in it ... Lil ' Romeo , Myra , Tony Hawk , Adam Lamberg , Mr. Belding -LRB- Saved by the Bell -RRB- , and more but i dont remember cause i saw it 6 months ago ...
 This movie is HALARIOUS !!!!!!!! This is one of the best non-animated Disney movies out there !!!! It 's alot better than The Princess Diaries !!!!!!! I ca n't wait until it comes out on video . Or is it already out ? Well , this a great comedy !!!!!!!! I would suggest this to any kid who LOVES comedies . Or even adults !!!! ...
 The archetypical Z-rate film . It is just bad . In fact , it is so bad that I would recommend that a prospective MSTie to stay away from this one for a long while . The riffing is good , but it can only do so much in the attempt negate the crimes on humanity this film has committed .
 complete with one of their classic short lobotomies , the gang slices and dices this one beyond comprehension . It amazes me how much they can do with Tor johnson . must watch
 A good one ... and a few more words to fill out my review . I 'd like to be able to just rate movies and shows without having to do this ... someday .
 The DVD Signing Songs introduces children to the benefits of using signs to express themselves through movement , sign language and music . Although signs in this video are not exact , it does provide those learning disabled children an opportunity to start the process of learning how to use their bodies and hands to communicate while having fun at the same time . Lesley Ketcham , a Board Certified Music Therapist , highlights and explains the signs that will be used in the song , then sings while using each sign . She has a lovely singing voice , and for those who have not been introduced to signing videos , Signing Songs would be a great place to start !
 I realy liked this movie.It had MK and A as Sam and Emma.Emma is sporty and Emma is really girly.It has an ok story line and G rated romance.If you liked It takes two you will like this .
 this movie is one of their best movies I think they taught their parents a lesson when they switched spots in the movie because I think their parents were pressuring them to play well way to much it teaches parents that kids ca n't be pushed to do something they have to take at their own speed to please themselves . I like this movie because it is a movie the whole family can enjoy . This movie get family to see a lot more of each other .
 My son likes this sport based show and had it in VHS , it got worn out , so nice to replace it with a DVD , found it at a great price , was told it did not have a cover but at that price it was still worth it and I was able to even find a replacement cover for it .
 This is a classic Mary Kate & Ashley movie . The sisters trade places in order to help their dad win the soccer tournament and to help themselves since one sister likes playing soccer more than the other . Their dad in this movie is played by Eric Lutes , who later again stars as their dad in the short lived series So Little Time.This is a great movie for tween girls , I loved every minute of these MK&A ; movies when I was a tween !
 I thought this movie was excellent but it may not appeal to somebody who hates football . However football is n't all this movie is about , there is much more to it than that . I love football and i 'm a big Mary-Kate and Ashley fan so I loved it .
 I bought it for my daughter and she loves it . That is all that matters . She is happy and 7 and gives it 5 stars . For the adults give it a 3 for perseverence .
 Switching goals is about them joyning a socer league . There dad is a coach . They have a draft.One of the girls does not get to be on there dads teem .
 I think this movie deserves 4 and a half stars , but I ca n't really explain why . I liked this movie and it 's the first movie I saw from MK & Ash I got it because I love playing soccer .
 My girls are not TV watchers at all , but they enjoy these movies ; they think they are fun to watch.There is nothing wrong with watching them once in awhile . Generally they teach kids that sticking together as sisters or family members is the way to go .
 This movie is about two twins who look alike and they are on there own soccer team.They switch teams without their mom nowing .
 Pretty Good ! Mary-Kate and Ashley are both on soccer teams . However their dad wants Mary-Kate on his team because she is the better athlete . But their mom wants Ashley on her fathers team . All the father cares about is winning . So The twins decide to switch places . Although they end up getting caught and their mother is not to happy with them . At they end When all the teams have lost except Mary-Kate and Ashleys teams they play against eachother to make it to champion . Who will win ? Find out by reading the book or watching the movie .
 I saw this movie and i thought that the twins were really good.But , I really like the way that Robert Clark played Helmet Head.Keep showing more movies with him .
 They pull the ` ol switcheroo in this great movie all about playing soccer and having a date , thats basically all it 's about , and it 's still good . yeah , These movies they make now , are defenatly more for the fans their age , the older stuff is for the younger girls .
 My 5 yo got hooked on the Olsens by watching reruns of Full House on Nick and ABCFam . So I got a couple of videos for her to span the divide between her Dora years and whatever comes next ! This is really a cute movie that even I enjoy watching several times over . I can relate to the parental roles and she can relate to the soccer and girly stuff . This led me to make more purchases of the video series and I hope the rest are as good . A nice relaxing watch !!
 I got this movie for for my younger sister for her birthday . She was kinda girly and did n't like sports much . I thought this would be a great movie since Ashley is her favourite actress . She had all the movies out at that time except for this one . When she watched it she wanted to be in sports ! I thought it was so strange that suddenly she wanted to be in sports . I watched the movie for myself . I fell in love with . I bought a copy for myself . These girls are great role models . The Olsen twins got my sister into a physical activities instead of getting trouble or hooked on drugs . These are girls love being themselves and are n't into being what others are into , like drugs and stuff . They do n't swear in their movies either . This is a great movie for the whole family to enjoy . This movie 's about two sisters named Emma -LRB- Ashley -RRB- and Sam -LRB- Mary-Kate -RRB- Stanton who try-out for soccer teams for a soccer competition . Emma being girly thought it would be a new experience for her . When the sisters get the opposite teams which they had hope for . The girls secretly trade places . Will they pull it off ? Will everything go smooth ? Buy this movie and find out ! Hope this was helpful !!!
 THis is the best Olsen Twins movie of all time . And there is a very important moral lesson . But you have to see the movie to find out what it is ! And older girls mostly like the twins , not littler ones .
 if you love soccer and if you love the twins than you will REALLY REALLY REALLY enjoy this GREAT movie ! Even if you are n't a fan of the twins or maybe you are and just hate soccer you will really like this movie it 's cute funny and adorable especially if you want your kids to be quiet -LRB- the older ones maybe -RRB- pop this movie in and they will keep quiet for about a hour!I also recommend Passport to Paris another great Olsen twin movie !
 this movies great ! the girls are in asoccer team and sams good emmas not emma goes on the good team sams on the bad team they talk their dad into letting them swap places and he lets them.their mom finds emma at the library when she supposed to be at practice takes her there and finds sam practicing.and they are caught sam goes out on a date with her new crush and he thinks its emma.and they are forced to tell him the truth.emma ends up dating richie who is her enemy .
 This movie was very different from the normal plots . It was less about boys -LRB- good in my opinion -RRB- and more about the main part of the plot . I liked it , and I could watch it over and over again ! It 's full of fun , humor , and competition ! But it you do n't REALLY really want , wait untill you 've got extra money to buy it . It 's an overall great MK and A video .
 It 's a great movie but not as good as the others . It has some action and , being a soccer fan , the soccer games and practices were cool . It was OK and that 's why it needed 4 stars - it just was n't as good as the others .
 I think this movie was great ! I just could n't stand the bad acting of the guy mary-kate 's character liked . He seemed to be angry at her even when they were just talking . yuck !
 Aughh ... you HAVE to see this movie . It is my favorite movie of all time in the whole universe . THe plot is pretty good , even though it is not the best in the world , but the Olsen Twins great acting makes up for it . I taped this movie the first time it came on ABC -LRB- this is a made for TV movie -RRB- and once I accedentally taped over and I actually cried . That shows you how much I love this movie . I can not stand soccer and I did not really like the movie `` Passport to Paris '' , but this is GREAT !
 This is my favourite video of all time . Cute boys , great fashion , and most of all , the best actors , Mary-Kate and Ashley . You cant beat this video . I love it so much , in the school holidays , I watch it at least once a day , but my record is 4 times a day ! These girls are so full of coolness , they could act terribly and you wouldnt care . They play Sam , the sporty one , and Emma , the fashion and dating one . Their dad owns a sports store , and coaches a junior football team , and as his league has gone co-ed , he picks Emma first , as his wife made him , and Sam gets picked by another team coach who , shall we say , is a little in-formal . So , they swap teams , and so on.They look so good in all the scenes which , kind of makes it so much better , ` cos their idols and you look up to them . I , personaly , noted down all of the kinds of clothes they wore , and went out to get some like them myself !! Two words-THE BEST .
 This film has a certain realistic vibe to it . For in all the rest of the films people think the twins are perfect this film shows all the real teenage girl actions !
 Switching goals was very good . The plot was better than the average Mary Kate and Ashley movie , but it was n't as funny or had as good of acting as the others . This movie is good to watch a couple of times , but only a couple times . If you have extra cash though , I say get it . You wo n't regret it .
 This movie was so cool that I had to buy it no matter what.Out of all the movies I saw it was the best.Mary-kate and Ashley you rock !!!!!!!!!!
 This movie was so cool that I had to buy it no matter what.Out of all the movies I saw it was the best.Mary-kate and Ashley you rock !!!!!!!!!!
 I liked this movie-I watched it on TV , actually ; The Olsen twins are getting better as they get older ; this was good stuff . Enjoyable and funny !
 if you like the olsens , soccer , and boys this movie is for you.this movie was about emma -LRB- ashley -RRB- and sam -LRB- mary-kate -RRB- stanton . sam is an athlete and emma , well is not!they end up on opposite soccer teams -LRB- sam on the bad , emma on the good -RRB- and they switch places to make eachother look good and then their mom finds out and they and thier dad are in trouble , they have to forfit their first 4 games fo lying . i wo n't spoil the end but lets just say emma and sam end up to live happily ever after with 2 boyfriends !
 I liked this movie . Not too original , but ya know . I love soccer , so for me , the soccer action and games were the best part ! The girls star as Sam , who rocks at soccer , and Emma , who loves fashion and kinda stinks at soccer . They try out for their town 's soccer league . Their dad is a coach and really wants Sam on the team . Their mom says no , choose Emma first . He does and someone else gets Sam . The girls switch-a-roo and everyone is happy !
 I think Switiching Goals is Mary-Kate ` s and Ashleys best movie . Its always exciting when they switich places in a movie .
 As usual , Kevin Bacon does a great job playing someone who is not such a nice guy yet he manages to give his character some humanity . You can tell he researched his character 's profession.Brad Renfroe does a good job too and it 's so sad that his life was cut short by his life choices . He was a promising actor.The story itself was entertaining enough . I did n't get the boy 's attraction to Callista Flockhart 's character . She plays it pretty drab inside and out .
 This is the kind of film that has those moments of depth and power that make one wish to watch the film again and again . The cast is magnifacent . In my opinion it is the incredibly talented Brad Renfro that really carries the film . Kevin Bacon has received a lot of deserving praise , but it is Renfro who steals many a scene . He was 14 or 15 when he made this film , but his character is 17 . He gives a very mature performance from the opening to the end 's moving and inspiring freeze frame shot . Another notable player is Calista Flockhart in a pre-Ally McBeal role . And she is tremendous . It is a shame that Oscar nominations did not go to the three . Another stand-out element of the movie is the beautiful score . The music is completely in tact in its goal to provide an appropriate backdrop to the bittersweet mood of the film . I wish the movie had a soundtrack ! I also wish that this movie would come back to shelves again ! I want it for Christmas . This is definitely a film that one can not watch just once !
 Great movie about growing up in the big city and finding yourself alone in a group . Great performances by Kevin Bacon and Brad Renfro . Not evrything is as it seems on the surface and even good intentions can go wrong . One mistake in your life can effect all of your life .
 I think that was an awesome movie ! I am a total fan of Brad Renfro and I have seen all of his movies . He is THE greatest actor I have ever seen in the movies . Everyone should see this movie .
 When he was n't writing trashy , empty thrillers -LRB- Basic Instinct , Jade , Sliver -RRB- , Joe Eszterhaz must have been reminiscing about his childhood , modulating what would eventually become Telling Lies In America , a great , tender , beautifully rendered film . Set in the early 1960s Cleveland Ohio , it is the story of Karchy Jonas -LRB- Brad Renfro -RRB- , a 17-year-old son of a Hungarian mill worker -LRB- Maximilian Schell -RRB- who had been a PHD in law in the old country . Something , Karchy never fails to mention to all the authority figures in his life . All the father wants in life is for he and his son to become naturalized citizens . Duly , Karchy goes to the expensive school the old man has obviously strained to pay for where , unpopular , he bluffs about all the things there are to bluff about . He works nights at a grocery store where Diney -LRB- Calista Flockhart -RRB- also works in a pained saddened silence . He comes on to her with his obvious bluffs , the little lies that are so obvious to the worldly Diney that she pities him , or is amused by him . At night he comes home to the little house he shares with his father , looks in the mirror and desperately tries to pronounce `` the '' which without exception always seems to come out `` da '' . Its fair to say that Telling Lies In America has its fair share of cliches . Those little cornets every coming of age film has to play . You have your hypocritical teacher/priest , your unattainable female Diney , her overbearing suitor Henry -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- and most importantly , Billy Magic -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- . Magic is one of those characters most filmgoers could draw from memory ; the slicked back hair , the envy inducing array of lady-friends , babbling on his radio show in his all important `` slanguage '' while he offers his listeners some `` ear conditioning '' on a particularly hot day . Karchy is in awe of him . Except that the film wastes no time in exposing Magic as damaged goods . And Bacon , in some wry moments lets some of the man 's bitterness show . Magic seems to like Karchy too , maybe he sees himself in the kid who ca n't help but showoff all the time . Or more ominously , he sees a profitable way to employ Karchy 's masterful aversion to telling the truth.The director Guy Ferland gives the film a luminous , late 50s early 60s memorabilia rich look . The score by Nicholas Pixe , a trickling of organ , is stated only in the film 's key scenes . It 's a good sign , especially in a period film , when the direction and the music only impress in retrospect , rather then stick out and draw attention to themselves . They work in congruence with the story . The effect is that of nostalgia . Not hokey nostalgia , but the memories of growing up , with its highs and lows compressed into a hypnotic two hours . The cliches are not cliches if they 're happening to and around people you know.Telling Lies in America will touch those nerve endings that responded to Barry Levinson 's Diner . Even if this one is n't as witty with its dialogue or as generous with its guffaws , I like it better . I like the way Eszterhas weaves the humor of the Spanish fly episode , the familiar tale of a self-loathing bully into the story of a kid who just wants to be liked , without stepping into one saccharine puddle . Right up to it bittersweet ending , the film never hits a false note . It maybe ironic , that Karchy who is essentially a stand in for Esztherhas learns that he `` does n't have to showoff so much '' , has spawned the writer who would write a lot of showoffy trash . You 'd think that it would take a very special film for me to forgive Showgirls . Luckily for him , this one is .
 from a surprising source ! Joe Esterhaz , not a particular favorite of mine , shines in the telling of his autobiographical `` coming of age '' story as a teenage immigrant in the early 60 's . Much has been made of the immigrant experience in the earlier part of the century , but this film gives us insight into what it was like for Europeans to be transported to America 's `` golden age '' . Maximillian Schell is back on the screen , and welcome as the father of Esterhaz ' alter-ego , Karchy Jonas . He is a bit puzzling until you learn that he was a highly educated man in his native Hungary , forced into menial labor in his new country of choice . He has instilled his belief in the power of being an American citizen in his son , Karchy , played by Brad Renfro . Renfro is believable and gives a delicious naivete to the role of Karchy , both in his words and deeds . His relationship to an older woman , Diney -LRB- Calista Flockhart looking real , not just cute -RRB- makes sense when you see how much she yearns for his honesty and his sense of wonder . Despite a high ethical standard set by his father , Karchy is a noted fabricator of fibs . Everyone who hears his stock line `` Lots of times '' , knows he is lying.Enter Kevin Bacon , the perfect Svengali for a boy looking to become a man in the `` coolest '' way possible . Bacon is a hot disc jockey , whose personal code of honor is questionable . There is no question that this is one of his strongest performances ever . From body language to his Texas twang , his regret at how his life turned out -LRB- from a brief glimpse he shares late in the movie -RRB- makes him a standout playing an early 60 's `` lounge lizard '' . Bacon has a fine portfolio of work , but this is his ultimate role.Music and set are perfect for this nostalgic look back to the 60 's . A great film , underappreciated by many .
 This is a story of a teenage immigrant who is an outcast is his private school . He receives no encouragement from his headmster , his father or , at first , from the girl he has a crush on . He is told that he is worthless and is tormented by his schoolmates . He lies to get a job with the local disk jockey whom he comes to idolize . Unfortunately , the disk jockey needs the kid to take pay-offs from record agents . But , for the first time , the kid receives encouragement from his mentor and is told , `` You can do anything you put your mind to '' . Kevin Bacon is superb as the disk jockey . The fact that he is a musician as well as a fine actor shows in every move of his body as he listens to music and introduces it to his followers . Note that the song , `` Medium Rare '' was written by Kevin Bacon . Brad Renfro is also excellent as the kid . Buy this movie and you will find yourself wanting to see it over and over again . This is a movie for all ages . I 'm a grandmother of teen agers .
 This film encapsulates the stuggle of the son of immigrants to become accepted into society . He wants to gain notoriety , but gets help from the wrong people . I suppose I am a bit biased -LRB- I was a dancer in this movie -RRB- , but it is truly a heartwarming film .
 Two words
 I was suprised at how great this movie was . I 've been a fan of Brad Renfro for a long time and I knew he would be great . Telling Lies is not your run of the mill coming of age story .
 This film is very sweet in sense that we get to know what Karchy goes through when he realizes America isnt necessary a place you can get away with telling lies when he meets his idol Billy Magic.Personally I would recommend this movie because it has great performances from Brad Renfro , Kevin Bacon and Calista Flockhart .
 First of all , have n't watched it , but I ordered on NETFLIX in part because of thesereviews.I got to this site because I was looking for the book Master of Deceipt
 I missed this title when it was in theaters . I have learned to appreciate Brad Renfro . Too bad , like Charlie Sheen , he was hooked on drugs but at a younger age .
 If you love Kevin Bacon in `` Footloose '' you 'll also love him in this movie ... no one can match his style.Brad Renfro 's life was cut short but this movie is one of the best showcases for his talent .
 Chance is a quirky , feel-good romantic comedy that plays with the ways people open up to each other . Whether its slacker trust-fund baby Chance , her nerdy neighbor , new-age mother , or her best friend Simon -LRB- who has been crashing on her sofa for a year -RRB- the characters reveal their deepest feelings in totally unexpected ways.Chance is a low-budget effort , and it shows -- the camera work , lighting , and sound are pretty uninspired . There is also little in the way of non-diegetic music , although Grant Langston was effective in the role of a troubador/Greek chorus/busker . If you 're a Buffy/Angel fan , you 'll get a kick out of seeing Amber Benson , James Marsters , and Andy Hallett playing roles so different from the ones they played on televison . And if you 're a pathetic geeked-out Buffy fanatic -LRB- and I am -RRB- you 'll enjoy seeing 1 -RRB- The Bronze appearing as one of the sets ; 2 . Amber Benson and James Marsters wearing Oz 's Dragon Inn t-shirt ; 3 . Spike with an American accent ; 4 . Tara kissing a boy ; 5 . Lorne sans horns and green makeup .
 As a fan of Angel the Series , I 'll admit I was mostly interested in this film to see Andy Hallett . It was bittersweet to see members of the Buffy and Angel cast together again , in roles so different than their roles on those shows . It 's a sweet , quirky little film about letting down walls and taking chances , and gives you a few things to think about regarding gender roles in relationships . I laughed out loud a couple of times , and ached a little at seeing Andy Hallett in a rare part without his Lorne makeup .
 For a low budget , very independant film , i was very entertained . Watching Amber Benson in this -LRB- btw she 's an awesome writer -RRB- is like watching Betty White in Lake Placid dropping F-bombs everywhere . You do n't expect it , especially if you 've only seen her play Tare in BTVS -LRB- awesome show ! -RRB- so it 's crack up to see her play this type of character . i ended up buying this movie , and am so glad i did , it 's become one of my favorite movies to watch . If you watch this , you will probably end up like me , giggling through the whole movie , not a bad way to spend an hour and a half . I think my favorite scene is when Rory pulls Chance into his car to talk to her , the poor guy does n't get a chance -LRB- pun not intended ... maybe -RRB- to reply to any of the rantings she gives him . Everything he says to her gets turned around and she ends up making him cry ... nice ! BTW seeing James Marsters in a dress is a nice added bonus ! Oh , just found out too that Joss Whedon -LRB- hope my source is correct on this -RRB- wrote the opening song `` Burn me Down '' which is really catchy , i find myseld singing it in my head all the time now . Watch it , it 's worth it !
 I really enjoyed this movie ! It was a great little art-house/indie film made by talented people just for the love of film-making . I laughed out loud a couple of times ; there are some very funny moments in this movie.And , OMG ! who could not love seeing the great James Marsters in a dress ! Lovely to see him playing such an adorable dork , after his run as the sexy vampire , Spike .
 I love Amber Benson and James Marsters from Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Andy Hallet -LRB- may he rest in peace -RRB- from Angel series . I only recently heard of this movie which was written , directed , and produced by Amber , so I just had to check it out and I really liked it ! It was different , and I really enjoyed it . Would recommend to anyone , especially fans of BtVS and Angel . It was a fun watch !!!!!
 So I just got this movie from ebay actually from Amber 's mom . And I have n't even finished it and it already has had me cracked up throughout . If you need a laugh , it 's the perfect movie to watch . Amber is quirky as ever and the straight to camera monologue is something that you do n't get in movies often enough . It was written with some great comedy in mind and it definately is a great movie . If you like Amber Benson , I thin you 'll love this film Chance . As I said it 's a laugh in the darkness , I 've been crappy and then I watched this movie and laughing is all I good do.Definately check this out ! You 'll love Amber Benson and James Marsters and quirkiness of the film . Even being cheaply made , I think it 's better than million dollar movies . Why ? No CGI and all that specil effect crap that makes it look all fake . It 's a real movie and it 's got a good storyline behind it . Definately something to keep you laughing until the very end .
 I own this DVD . I bought the Jane Austen Collection which is a boxset of the BBC made Jane Austen productions.Emma starring Doran Godwin as Emma woodhouse is in my opinion just as good as the newer more glossy versions with Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Beckinsale.I have read reviews by people saying that Doran Godwin was too old to play Emma who I believe is supsosed to be in her early 20 's and some of the reviews are saying she looked like she was 40 years old or older and I 'm sorry but I think she looks much younger.Okay the picture of her on the front cover of the DVD storage case and on the boxset is not a very good picture and it makes her look older then she is . It is an extreme close up and she appears to be looking up at something and it comes out looking as bad as a bad driver 's lisense photo but if you have actually watched the movie instead of judging her from the picture on the DVD case you will see she looks much younger . I 'm thinking she looks like she might have been anywhere from her mid 20 's to early to mid 30 's when she made this movie . Anyway her acting was superb but I do admit that the actor who played Mr. Knightley looked much older than he was supsoded to be . I mean he looked much older then only 16 yeers older then Emma but he did some great acting and I thought that this was a beautiful production of Emma !
 An excellent , if old , adaptation of Emma . The Mr. Knightley character is the most attractive of all the versions of Mr Knightly . Mr Woodhouse is also very true to the book character , as is Miss Bates .
 This is one of my favorite versions of Jane Auten 's Emma , about a 21 year old woman who tries & fails as a matchmaker .
 I chose this version of `` Emma '' because it was free with Amazon Prime . `` Emma '' and `` Mr. Knightly '' especially are likeable characters . What comes across poignantly is the economic/social need of early nineteenth-century women to marry in order to survive and to avoid spinsterhood and governess positions . The eponynous Emma is convincingly severe throughout the series . I recommend this production as being a good rendering of the original novel , the outlook of the people at the time , and also an interesting taste of 1970 's acting and styles .
 I love to see Jane Austen movies . It takes you back to a time where live was not so easy .
 This Austen adaptation is a joy and a gem in spite of its low production values . Thickly British .
 I 've watched all of the screen adaptations of Jane Austen 's Emma , and though my favorite is the version starring Romola Garai as Emma , this 1972 adaptation is the most faithful to the novel . Doran Godwin portrays meddlesome Emma Woodhouse , and I admit she is initially underwhelming in her role . There is a lack of vivacity that I 've come to associate with Emma , but she is witty and over the course of this lengthy production -LRB- about 4.5 hours long -RRB- , her character grew on me . The chemistry between Emma and Mr. Knightley which was quite apparent in the Gwyneth Paltrow and Garai versions is sadly lacking here , but some of the other characters are quite well done.Debbie Bowen 's Harriet Smith is one of my personal favorites , and I think the actress portraying Harriet really gets her character down to a tee . Fiona Walker is suitably loathsome as Mrs. Elton , and Donald Eccles is wonderful as the hypochondriac yet lovable Mr. Woodhouse . Do n't let the dated production values put you off this adaptation , as true Janeites will love this faithful , almost-to-the letter adaptation .
 When you watch something from 1972 , you have the feeling you 're already viewing something historic . This is a classic BBC production of an even more classic story . It may strike American audiences as a little odd because it has no background music to evoke emotions , and relies totally on the plot and acting . It seems more like a play than a movie . I 've watched and enjoyed it many times and find it has the one unique quality I like in many Brit productions -- it 's calming . It 's nice to hear perfect diction and understatement from astute actors playing genteel characters . It 's wonderful NOT to see constant rapid video flashes that drive people nuts . You can watch or simply listen to this production like the radio and find yourself feeling better . They even argue nicely . Another quality in these productions is they replay well . You can watch them a dozen times over the years and they 're still good . In a frantic and crazy world , this version of Emma is a pleasant and amusing escape into the past , where you can revisit and enjoy the people you find there .
 Of all the many productions of Emma that I 've seen , this is easily the best . While I doubt any filmmaker has ever set out with the intention of creating a bad film , many who took on the task of adapting Jane Austen 's most daring novel accomplished just that . There are several factors which make this 1972 version work so well . Firstly , in this lengthy run-time the tale is given ample space to unfold . Secondly , the story itself takes center billing here instead of a famous cast out to use Austen 's novel as a vehicle to add some shade of `` heft '' to their careers . -LRB- No names , but we can probably all zero-in on some egregious examples . -RRB- Emma Woodhouse has never been quite so flawed , so off-putting , so likable and so many-faceted as she is here . The production is charmingly dated , special effects are virtually nowhere to be found amid the lovely old stage sets , and the dialogue is so crisp it is a sheer pleasure to listen to what 's said here . While flashier adaptations exist with bigger names in the billing , in every way that counts , this is truly the definitive version of Emma !
 EMMA , Jane Austen 's most lighthearted novel , is given a lovely treatment by Denis Constanduros . Doran Godwin gives a delightful performance in the title role and the 6-part series rolls along very well with a faithful eye to the original intent of Austen.As the story opens , Emma is jubilant over her latest matchmaking effort , having catapulted her beloved governess -LRB- Ellen Dryden -RRB- down the aisle . However , her next protege , Harriet Smith -LRB- Debbie Bowen -RRB- proves to be a little more tricky . Ever the optimist , Emma seems content in remaining steadfastly single , until her own unlikely love-match makes himself known ... Doran Godwin is the perfect embodiment of Austen 's heroine . The production values are very lavish and the generous running-time -LRB- six 45-minute installments -RRB- allows the entire story , with all it 's delightful characters and intrigues , to chart it 's full course . The support cast includes John Carson , Constance Chapman , Fiona Walker , Donald Eccles , Robert East and Mollie Sugden .
 Jane Austen 's classic romantic comedy `` Emma '' comes to life in this 41/2 hour BBC TV production from 1972 . High quality TV production values and perfect settings frame a strong presentation with many excellent performances.The handsome , clever , and rich Emma Woodhouse , 21 years-old and spoiled by a doddering father , sets out to play matchmaker in her home village of Highbury . She chooses as her subject Harriet Smith , a young woman of uncertain parentage . Emma will first curtail Harriet 's promising relationship with a young farmer , in favor of matching her with the village vicar , Mr. Elton . That effort goes disasterously astray on a holiday evening.The arrival of the handsome and charming Mr. Frank Churchill in Highbury will shake up Emma 's plans . The newcomer will promptly set the village buzzing with romantic rumors , and even Emma herself will be captivated . Only Emma 's friendly mentor Mr. Knightley will be a voice of reason , as Emma 's schemes lead to a series of misunderstandings that will cause her to finally question her own judgment.This version of `` Emma '' is generally solidly cast , especially the actors playing Mrs. Elton and Harriet Smith . Doran Godwin is a good Emma , although she appears a bit too old and rather prim for the role . John Carson similarly appears too old for his otherwise excellent turn as Mr. Knightley . This reviewer regrets the crucial Box Hill scene was mishandled through changes from its original form . Otherwise , the BBC production of `` Emma '' is highly recommended to Jane Austen fans .
 Quite good . Godwin portrayed Emma in a style I thought more in keeping with Austen 's character ; not beautiful , and very human . Knightley was n't too old or wooden ; his hesitancy in the film conveyed the hesitancy that a man in that type of relationship in that period would feel towards a woman of Emma 's age -LRB- a hesitancy , perhaps even of today -RRB- . I thought the costumes and interiors were of the period . The absence of servants was too evident , but that 's the way Austen writes -- her characters just glide above the surface of work , not doing it themselves , or hardly supervising it , whether in the fields , the kitchen , or the house -- it 's all an abstract domestic sphere . But that the novelist 's choice -- to write about what she knows -- and that what this film conveys .
 I have seen both the Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Beckinsale versions of Emma -LRB- I own the Beckinsale version -RRB- but when I came across this adaptation in the library one day , I realized that I had to see it , which I did . I felt that it was a great adaptation and it followed the book very well . My only complaint was that they made Mr. Knightley a little too old . Besides that , I thought that Emma was perfect .
 I loved this movie ! Characters are believable and make the picture enjoyable . Sets and costumes are beautiful .
 One of Jane Austen 's really enjoyable classics . Great for a cozy evenilng in front of fire .
 this miniseries is about a young matchmaker in regancy england who gets in involved everyones business . the performance are good but the production values are horbil and the costumes are very plain . but it is pretty good and is very faitfull to jane austens classic book .
 I 've seen all three film productions of Jane Austen 's `` Emma , '' and while all of them have merit , I appreciate that this version is the one that 's closest to the book . I 'll have to reread my copy of `` Emma , '' but it seems to me as if this movie is taken verbatim from the book . Unlike the Gyneth Paltrow and Kate Beckinsale Emmas , this movie takes a while to draw you in , but once you are drawn in -- about the time Mrs. Elton -LRB- Ellen Dryden -RRB- appears -- you 're hooked . Dryden 's portrayal of the hilariously vulgar Mrs. Elton is practically perfect . Doran Godwin , as Emma , sometimes seems a bit too prim , but she grows on you as the movie progresses . Debbie Bowen , as Harriet Smith , is certainly the best Harriet Smith of the three films . I also enjoyed Ellen Dryden 's portrayal of Mrs. Weston , and the actor who plays Mr. Weston gives life to what is a very minor character in the other two movies . Also totally charming , and just as I imagined him is Donald Eccles ' portrayal of Mr. Woodhouse . To sum up
 I recently watched this series . I must admit that at first I was n't sure whether I would like it -- it does n't have the lush production values of some Austen adaptations - such as the A&E version of Pride and Prejudice or the Roger Michell film , Persuasion . However , the acting is superb and quite faithful to the book . I especially enjoyed Ms. Goodwin 's portrayal of Emma - she manages to convey the complex nature of Emma 's character . I also enjoyed the A&E version of Emma -LRB- even though it takes certain liberties with the story -RRB- - however , I really believe this version to be superior .
 This is the one for you if you love Jane Austen as much as I do . It is very faithful to the book . The acting is superb all around . Espcially in Emma and her father , Mr. Woodhouse . Basil Dingham does a terrific job playing the anxious and worrying Woodhouse.This Emma is not `` flashy '' like Paltrow 's , but then that one took several major liberties . This one may take a little time to get into . But stick with it ! It is definitely rewarding and fulfilling to watch Jane Austen 's characters come to live as she intended . You feel like you have traveled back in time to the Regency Era .
 A faithful screen adaptation of the last novel published during Jane Austen 's lifetime , this BBC production contains all the wit , irony , and social commentary of the original and sets a new standard for accuracy . Originally presented as a serialized version of the novel , it is as fully developed and as leisurely as the novel itself , granting viewers ample time -LRB- about four hours -RRB- to watch the characters unfold , the subtle complexities of the story to be revealed , and this genteel period to come fully alive . Director John Glenister takes full advantage of the early nineteenth century setting , depicting the elegance of Hartfield , the Woodhouse estate in Highbury , the highly refined and elaborate furnishings of the period , and appropriate costuming . In varying his settings from room to room at Hartfield , he is able to frame the interactions among characters dramatically , and in showing other houses and buildings within the town , he provides a glimpse of the wider world beyond Highbury.Emma Woodhouse , the spoiled and somewhat bored twenty-one-year-old daughter of Highbury 's leading citizen , amuses herself through her hobby of matchmaking . Taking Harriet Smith , a young woman of `` questionable birth , '' under her wing , she convinces Harriet to reject a farmer who loves her while Emma tries to find her a groom of higher social standing . A comedy of errors unfolds as the chosen `` groom '' thinks Emma herself is attracted to him , and when rebuffed , marries an abrasive and social-climbing woman who upsets the predictable social life of Highbury . Emma 's other attempts at matchmaking are also misinterpreted , leaving her mystified by the failure of her plans and heartily resented by some of her victims . As those around her manage to find spouses without her determined help , Emma herself must come to a final understanding of who she is and where she belongs.Doran Godwin , as Emma , reflects Emma 's sense of entitlement , sacrificing warmth in favor of purposefulness . Debbie Bowen , as Harriet , is pliable , grateful , and suitably dependent . Coming to Highbury as the new Mrs. Elton , Fiona Walker provides comic relief as a woman who has , through marriage , entered a level of society to which she is not entitled by birth . Mr. Knightley , a friend of Emma 's father , is a stuffy 37-year-old , one of the few in Highbury able and willing to tell Emma that she is wrong . Only Ania Marson as Jane Fairfax fails to charm . Gorgeous , impeccably produced , accurate in reflecting class divisions and social conventions , true to the novel , and brilliantly cast , this production will make a Jane Austen fan of anyone with the patience to appreciate its length and level of detail . Mary Whipple
 I bought this version about 6 years ago and have just about worn it out . I think the extra length allows the film to follow the book , if not exactly , as closely as we are ever likely to see . The characters are outstanding . I wish that it were available on DVD . I would be first in line to purchase it in that medium .
 The production values of this early 1970 's BBC adaptation are interesting to see regardless of the show itself . The style and differences between its production and what a modern day version would be like is striking . Almost entirely shot in a studio with very little accompanying music make this version almost a stage adaptation . Emma 's father is quite brilliantly portrayed and is very amusing . The first episode is rather dull if truth be told but the remaining five episodes more than make up for this opening . In fact I would have given this five stars if the first episode was as good as the rest . Well worth spending the money to enjoy this classic adaptation of Emma .
 Great Adaptation . I think that in some ways I liked the way Jane Fairfax was played better in this version than the one Gwyneth Paltrow was in . I think that the interfering Mrs Elton was also played very well .
 I really do n't get why people hate this version of Emma and I do n't agree with the age comments . I watched this BBC version of Emma and I do n't think Doran Godwin who played Emma looked anywhere near as old as two previous reviewers have made her out to be and I think that they mus n't have actually seen the movie but only seen the cover of the video and DVD that had a bad picture of her that was an extreme close-up and made the actress look older then she was . I 'm not an expert in judging peoples ages but I think Doran looked to be somewhere from maybe 25 years old to 33 years old and not over 40 or 50 as those reviewers have claimed and I think she did some great acting and really sparkled as Emma and I was also impressed with the acting by the guy who played Knightley who I agree was a little old for the part but I think his good acting makes up for that and he and Doran Godwin had good on-screen chemistry .
 Detailed and faithful adaptation that is cleverly done . Characters are built -LRB- slowly -RRB- in the first videotape , but the real payoffs come in the second tape , which is hilarious . This follows the book very well ; I found the first half slow , dry and barely made it through , but loved the second half and was glad I finished . Same with this video .
 This adaptation dates from the days before Jane Austen was Sexed Up and brought - heaving bosoms and all - into the modern world . So we get no scenes concocted by the writers , and not remotely hinted at in the original novel , of our hero plunging spontaneously into the pond in such a way as to evoke his Hidden Sensuality . Not a whiff of repressed sexuality intrudes ; no , what we have here is very much what the author wrote and thus is likely to be considered stolid and dull by viewers steeped in modern-day Austen adaptations . The actors are relatively ordinary-looking and were obviously not selected primarily for their sex-appeal , there is very little `` emoting '' or `` passion '' -LRB- even of the underlying , Freudian-repressed kind -RRB- , and the emotional crescendi never move beyond a mezzo-forte . Within its technical limitations -LRB- 4/3 ratio , some 1970 's graininess , slightly faded colours , drab exterior shots -RRB- it also looks both attractive and authentic . You could while a lot of hours away just looking at the furniture , prints , decorations , and general decor . Has there ever been an era with more perfect taste than the Regency period?The acting is almost uniformly excellent in a slightly musty , old-fashioned way that may seem tedious to some viewers but I find it very Austen-like -LRB- after all , the early 19th Century IS somewhat musty and old-fashioned -RRB- . I can only say that if you find this boring you 're likely to find the original so as well . This is the most authentic adaptation of `` Emma '' available but it may not be the most entertaining for anyone seeking an overtly `` entertaining '' experience . You have to decide
 Our unit is preparing to deploy to Afghanistan . We viewed the film as partr of our training to work with the Afghan Security Forces . The film provided some interesting perspectives on the Afghan leadership and the challenges of training and equipping these forces . This film was an excellent training tool . I would highly recommend this film to anyone who is deploying to Afghanistan or anyone who has an interest in the present and future of Afghanistan .
 Outstanding documentary that shows day to day issues faced by a mentoring team in Afghanistan . Ms Dysinger does a nice job showing the extremely complex non-kinetic side of the war , and how both Coalition and Afghan Soldiers work through multiple rotations .
 I have seen this film several times now . It 's an amazing feat of access , structure , and storytelling . This is one of the very few American films that give a voice to the Afghans - and it does so with tremendous respect , humor , and understanding . Given that it deals with such a potentially polarizing issue as the US presence in Afghanistan , Camp Victory is incredibly balanced and honest in the picture it paints . It does not seem to advocate for one side or another ; rather , it simply seeks to tell one story of US-Afghan relationships through its two main characters - general Sayar and colonel Shute . If you come to this film with preconceived notions , you 're likely to find them challenged ; if you come with an open mind or no preset agenda , you 're likely to get hooked on the joys of seeking a layered understanding of the situation on the ground . Seems like Afghanistan offers plenty of opportunity for that .
 I have served in both Iraq and Afghanistan . In each location , my responsibilities included the development of local security forces . From my perspective , Carol Dysinger 's film proceeds from a special wisdom about the potential and limits of military power , and captures the ambiguities inherent in our effort to stand-up foreign forces , even as she confirms the imperative to build such forces if troubled places like Afghanistan are ever to stabilize . Along the way , we are gently warned about the folly of Americans insisting that things be done `` our way , '' and at the same time , we see the arrogance of thinking that Afghans are uneducated , simplistic or not interested in the same basic things that we value
 Incredible film . My unit is preparing for deployment to Afghanistan and had the good fortune to view the film and meet Ms Dysinger afterwards for some Q & A.Remarkable insight into the complex relationships that exist within ANSF and their relationships with the communities in which they operate . It also shows the challenges faced by annually rotating US & Coalition forces.The thing I found most compelling was that the film gives an intelligent voice to the Afghan leadership and shows their strengths , self assessed weaknesses , and the frustration of having to deal with several components of coalition forces . This film should be mandatory for any organization -LRB- civilian or military -RRB- preparing to go to Afghanistan . And if you can get Carol to come and speak with you afterward , it is an added bonus.CP
 So well done ! To the producer , director and no doubt the energy behind the film ... thank you for taking your time in a dangerous place to bring the realism and challenges of Afghanistan.Fire Base Gardez , Paktia Province , Afghanistan/2003Although , I never had the opportunity to travel in the western portions of Afghanistan , Herat at the time was under the control of Ismael Khan ; from what I understood . . at that time , a relatively secure environment.My travels were primarily within Paktia with time in Khost and Ghazni Provinces . There was little or no ANA presence during my time in Afghanistan , so I can not comment on my experience relative to the ANA or the ANP competence.The film highlights the challenges in Afghanistan from an advisory and training mission . Tribalism , geography , dialects , ethnic differences and a host of other dis-similarities made me believe from the many times meeting local and tribal leaders ... that we were just `` passing through '' ... and they knew that back then.I can recall a meeting enroute back to Paktia from meeting the Pakistani 's on the Afgh-Pakistan border . The meeting was deep into Afghanistan most rugged mountains . . with tiers of opium poppies blossoming in the late May sunshine ... as water so finely manicured slowly moved in the furrows of the fields ... not one weed could be seen . It truly looked like `` afghan heaven on earth '' . During the course of the meeting , we were offered Coca Cola ... responding `` hell '' yes ... the cans were brought in ... each nearly frozen with ice inside the can . They had refrigeration ... also , nearly new Toyota Hilux 4 by 4 trucks -LRB- in much better condition aside from our 240 's and M2 's -RRB- . When the conversation came around to infrastructure development ... or , `` what can we do for you in the name of the Afghan goverment . . '' , the reply was a resounding . . `` nothing '' . Basically ... to leave them alone . . as they have done for centuries to the time of Kipling 's . . `` The Man That Would Be King '' era . Had we said . . we were there to eradicate the poppy fields ... we would of never made it out alive.So what 's the point relative to the film . . a a great film it was
 The title should have one more word in it
 I had the pleasure of catching this film at a few film festivals over the years and found that the viewing experience improved each time , as small nuggets of ideas continued to reveal themselves . I wo n't bother with the synopsis as others have done so well here already , so I 'll get straight to my impressions of the film and this DVD.I treat this film a little differently than most studio releases , because it was truly an independent film . The budget was raised independently , the film garnered most of it 's marketing via the film festival circuit -LRB- winning over 35 awards along the way ! -RRB- , and it was distributed on a limited theatrical run across the country , completely by the filmmakers . So it really has an underdog current to it , which in my book earns extra consideration . I have also had the pleasure of meeting the writer/director Greg Pak and found him to be exceedingly gracious , humble and intelligent . -LRB- Mr. Pak is famous , or infamous , for having 2 of the most popular short films online , All Amateur Ecstasy and Asian Pride Porn , both very clever in their inception and execution . -RRB- The first thing of note is that this is an anthology of four short films loosely , but very consciously , tied together by human experiences . The amazing thing is that all four films are quite strong by themselves . For anyone who is familiar with the short film circuit , it is not easy to produce four strong short films in a row . They are often a hit and miss endeavor . Whatever advantages are gained by avoiding one long feature-film production , are balanced by the challenges -LRB- both logistically as well as narratively -RRB- of four short films shot in succession as part of a self-contained anthology . Parenting , marriage , parent-child relationships , office politics , love , and immmortality are major themes in these films . Then there are the smaller subthemes about transference , human physicality , creation , expression , boundaries , and more . Very impressive for a first feature . The tone is at times meditative , frightening , whimsical , and even horrifying , but always engaging . And in general the experience as a whole is very moving.I was surprised and delighted by the extras on the DVD . There are 3 sets of commentaries all dealing with different aspects of the production , and include the writer/director along with the producers , and many of the lead actors . And they provide a lot of insight into what was going on behind the scenes . Particularly moving is the fact that the first day of shooting in New York City was September 10 , 2001 . The next day the Twin Towers fell and the filmmakers , being in obvious shock and grief , were in a quandary about whether to continue production or not . The way they reached their decision and the reasons behind it are truly inspiring . Also , on the DVD are deleted scenes and alternate endings , with optional commentary from Greg Pak . I was surprised to learn that a couple of the stories had alternate endings that really put a dramatically different spin on them . Also , there were actually some intentional crossovers of characters , which suggests that perhaps all the stories were occuring in a very real and common time and place . -LRB- This would be a little confusing to track though , since some of the characters , acted by the same performers , are obviously not the same people across the stories . -RRB- All in all , I am very impressed by this DVD , given the background of the project and the circumstances in which it came together . I look forward to Mr. Pak 's next film .
 `` Robot Stories '' is a movie that includes within it , 4 stories ; all having to do with a robot or some such A.I. technology . Each story focuses on a particular time period in life , beginning from birth and ending in death . The second story deals only with toy robots , but it 's the most moving . It deals with a mother comming to accept the loss of her comatose son . Clay , the last story , was also very insightful and interesting . The old sculptor of the story struggles with his obligation to `` scan '' his brain for the sake of future generations having access to his knowledge or the dignity of a natural death.This is the kind of science fiction that I love and hope to see more of . It 's sci-fi that works to bring out the humane , using it to contrast and make the human experience `` pop '' to dramatize it to the limit without becoming contrived . `` Robot Stories '' is a wonderful collection of stories spanning a life of experiences .
 Robot Stories tells four different science fiction stories in regards to robots and artificial intelligence in a thoughtful manner . These short stories provide an introspective perspective on what the future might hold in regards to the development of humans , human interaction , and artificial support to human intellect and collective wisdom . The wisdom in the stories is never exhausted or dissected into great detail , as they merely scratch on the surface of futuristic existential philosophy . Yet , it is this superficial scratching that offers much more for the audience to drift into deep contemplation of what might lay ahead for mankind.The first tale , My Robot Baby , delivered to the audience illustrates the difficulty of raising a child in a loving and nurturing environment , especially , if people carry baggage from the past that might harm future children . Awareness of this predicament has generated a baby robot , which people can bring home to practice on while awaiting the possibility of having a child . However , can people learn from this awkward looking robot that demands attention like an infant?In the Robot Fixer a mother discovers that her adult son has been placed into a coma after an accident . They seemed to have had a strained relationship , as it appears as if the son has distanced himself from the family . Nonetheless , the mother rediscovers the son 's preoccupation with toy robots from his childhood and through these broken toys she attempts to reconnect with her son.Entering electronic stores , watching TV commercials , and seeing billboards swooshing by along highways provides several opportunities for the audience to bump into the growing popularity of Macintosh 's popular iPod . In the near future people will be able to purchase their own iPerson 's , which can be seen in Machine Love . The iPerson the audience gets to follow is named Archie who is put to work as soon as he has delivered himself to a small computer company . Work seems to be the only thing Archie is allowed even though he proclaims that he will be more efficient if he is allowed to interact with the humans . However , people seem to perceive Archie in a similar fashion as an audience in the 1930s did when they viewed Tod Browning 's film Freaks -LRB- 1932 -RRB- . The neglect slowly begins to have its toll on Archie , as he notices another iPerson in a window across the street.The final short story , Clay , offers the audience a possible future where a person 's identity and consciousness can be scanned and through this process live forever . Despite the possibility of never-ending happiness through digital immortality the audience is introduced to an artist that struggles with the idea of existence -- an existence where pain and suffering are a large part of reality while in a generated world the suffering might be avoided . This question seems to have a simple answer , yet as the audience knows , philosophy is so much more than what meets the eye.Ultimately , Robot Stories offers an intelligent take on what the future might hold , as it is depicted in a natural order from birth to death . In the process , the audience gets to experience the possibility of artificial love and the human reality where robots are mere items . The stories are well written which helps bring cinematic occasions of brilliance . This small budget film has grand conceptual thinking and moments of visual artistry , which in the end bring a good cinematic experience to the audience .
 This is definitely one of the most unusual compilation of sci-fi stories , all revolving around robots , yet touching and emotionally poignant . The first story , `` My Robot Baby '' centers around a couple -LSB- Tamlyn Tomita & James Saito -RSB- who are hoping to adopt a baby , and need to prove their competence at prenthood by taking care of a robot baby . The adoptive mom-to-be finds that she is lacking the ` mommy gene ' and is emotionally detached from her robot baby , until a string of events cause her to ponder more deeply on motherhood.The second story , `` The Robot Fixer '' was one of the most poignant in the series ... a mother finds herself coping with her dying son through an unusual channel - by finding parts to complete her son 's toy robots collection , in the hopes that by fixing the toys , she might ` fix ' him too.The third story is called ` Machine Love ' , and revolves around an office android -LSB- played to robotic perfection by director Greg Pak himself -RSB- who is not completely detached , and finds himself attracted to a female android working in the offcie building across the street - this episode had lots of sardonic humor in it.The last story was the most thought-provoking - an aging and dying sculptor finds himself being weighed down by two options , i.e. preseving his consciousness through digital immortality or dying a natural death . The lead character is well-played by Sab Shimono , whose emotional conflicts are credibly protrayed and elicits sympathy from the viewer.All in all , this is a unique compilation of stories that though labelled as sci-fi , are more than that , and the stories draw the viewer in emotionally whilst giving food for thought at the same time . Worth checking out .
 I had the honor of attending a 24 hour Sci-Fi film marathon in Boston last year . One of the flicks that we got a peek at about half way through the day was `` Robot Stories '' , written and Directed by Greg Pak . This was Mr. Pak 's first feature and I have to say that I was solidly impressed.Robot Stories is a collection of four vignettes concerning , well , robots . Strangely though , that 's not what the stories are really about . Like the best science fiction , Pak has taken elements of the fantastic and wrapped up some wonderfully human tales . I hate reading reviews that give away entire plots so I 'll just take a moment to paint some broad strokes here to hopefully whet the appetite.The first tale concerns a couple going through the process of adopting a child . Before they can qualify for a human baby they must spend thirty days caring for a robot child to show that they are capable of providing a loving home . The robot looks like a strange combination between one of those Virtual Pets that were popular a few years back and a giant egg . I 'm willing to bet that a part of the inspiration for the design of the robo-kid came from one of those strange assignments that most of us had in high school where we had to take care of an egg for a week . At first things seem to go pretty well , but once the prospective mother is left alone with the virtual infant , hilarity , a hint of horror and some amazingly powerful emotional breakthroughs ensue . As a parent who was going through the adoption process and was then blessed with twins I can vouch for the authenticity of everything faced by the couple here . A fun , but very powerful story.The second chapter has no `` real '' robots at all . It is a very moving tale of a mother who discovers the son she never really knew or understood through the Micronaut toys he leaves behind . -LRB- Apparently they were not able to get permission to say `` Micronaut '' on screen and had to substitute `` Micro-Bots '' . Silly , but true . -RRB- This story provides one of the most amazing acting jobs I have ever seen . Wai Ching Ho gives a magnificent performance as the mother who only really gets to know her son at the last possible minute . Hardcore geeks and nerds around me were visibly weepy toward the end . Since this film has been in circulation on the indie scene for a couple of years I am sure that it no longer qualifies for any major awards and that 's a shame . The writing and acting in this and the last chapters are among the finest I have seen in any film.Chapter three is a lighter piece that poses the age old question of how regular folks will react with a `` synthetic human '' when they are first exposed to one . In this case we are treated to the writer/director playing Archie , the first i-worker in a software development company . Pak does a passable job as the robot who longs to interact with his coworkers and raises some interesting questions , but this is definitely the lightest segment of the lot . That 's fine though . The audience gets to relax and chuckle a bit after two fairly emotionally powerful segments . Think of this story as bit of mental sorbet.The final piece is another deeper tale that has Sab Shimono contemplating the nature of immortality when he finds out that he is going to die , but is afforded the opportunity to have his consciousness duplicated onto a mainframe computer and `` live '' forever . He is an artist and will be able to continue to create , spend time with his adult son and do everything that his body has prevented him from attempting for the past seven or so decades . It would seem particularly enticing seeing as his wife has already gone through the process , died and yet is still able to even share his bed through the wonders of modern technology . This one will keep the old cerebellum buzzing for hours afterwards and will undoubtedly spawn some very interesting conversations over coffee or pizza after each show.After the film Greg Pak came out and answered questions for thirty minutes or so and handed out some swag to folks who were able to answer trivia questions about the film . I got to ask about where he was able to cut corners on the budget and still generate such a good-looking flick . If you get to a screening and he is available afterwards , corner this man and get him to relay some of the stories about how he paid his animator , how they were able to build a working robot from bowls bought at a kitchen store and what pieces of robot makeup came from the foot care aisle at a local pharmacy .
 interesting low budget sci fi . some good touching moments , which deal with a changing world , pick of the bunch CLAY , does anyone know if the soundtrack got released
 This anthology of four short films by Greg Pak addresses the role and meaning of technology in our lives ; in particular , the filmmaker is interested in robots and artificial intelligence , and identifies both positive and negative effects . My Robot Baby tells the story of a couple and how they deal with a robotic `` test baby '' ; The Robot Fixer follows a mother in her attempts to refurbish her comatose son 's toy collection ; `` Machine Love '' explores looks at an artificial office worker and his growing sense of isolation ; `` Clay '' is the story of a sculptor facing a difficult decision at the end of his life.I enjoyed all four of these films , the first two in particular . They were well acted and written , and introduced interesting ideas about possible uses of technology and the impact on our lives.Extras include an 11-minute short , director 's commentary and deleted scenes . No subtitles are available .
 This film is actually four short films ... One film -LRB- The Robot Fixer -RRB- actually has little to do with technology or `` robotics '' as we usually perceive it -LRB- Lets play , `` One of these films is not like the others '' -RRB- , while the others are very good speculative fiction pieces which make you go hmmm . I thought that Pak made the most use of his time and pulled the viewer into each story universe quite thoroughly.After a week of working 16 hour days in the astrodome after the Hurricane Katrina survivors came in , it was the perfect way to spend my first evening back with the family ! I highly recommend .
 This disc consists of four different stories . While only two of them really deal with robots and are the thought provoking stories , the other two are quite watchable . They 're all well written and performed . It 's a short disc , so you do n't get a lot of bang for your buck , but it 's worth seeing if you 're interested in the social aspects of artificial life .
 My friends and I are usually very picky about movies , but we thought this small budget film was a king among the art house genre . The story line is cool but not too fishy . The neighbors , Brian and Erik , were a riot . Shelly Cole 's character , Gloria , is a great addition to the film , a true sunshine daydream . If you would like a great Saturday night at home . Buy this film , call your closest friends and gather around for a barrel of laughs and a few tears ...
 i 'm surprised more people have n't discovered this beautiful little movie . hopefully they will soon . so charming , so unpretentious , so authentic . even if you 've never gotten a haircut , you will love it .
 This is a charming film . Funny and touching . The cast brings a real depth to the characters and situation . You 'll laugh at the bad guys and wish you could know the good guys . John Ratzenberger gives an award worthy performance .
 I just loved this movie . John Ratzenberger is wonderful , going beyond his usual roles . His character is grumpy and petty much of the time -LRB- and deliciously foul-mouthed -RRB- , but so sympathetic and moving . Shelley Cole 's Gloria has exactly the right mix of smart and sexy , practical and hot-headed . The characters are completely believable . I grew up in Reno and appreciated the role the city was given . The movie 's pace is perfect ; I love having space to breathe and the director 's help in noticing quiet details . Chris Ford is now on my radar and I will be eagerly awaiting more of his work .
 This is a very well told story . The movie succeeds in being heartwarming without being sappy . The acting is solid , and the film making is superb . Great DVD .
 In this trying time in our country , I found this movie to be very refreshing . We were able to feel a surge of emotions throughout the film , and end up happy . What a nice diversion from our daily lives and the stock market . Everyone should treat themselves to this great escape for a couple of hours .
 This is a simple story told with a light touch . But it really sticks with you . Very worthwhile .
 I was lucky enough to catch this at the Cinequest Film Festival last year . This is one of the sweetest independent films that I 've seen . The characters are well drawn and stick with you long after the lights come up . John Ratzenberger shines in his sad and grumpy performance as Art and Shelly Cole is absolutely captivating in every scene that she 's in . A warm and often humorous first time film from writer/director Chris Ford and I anxiously await what this storyteller has on deck for his next movie .
 I can only add to the positive reveiws posted ; First rate indie film all around . John Ratzenberger is perfect as a small town barber on the ropes and Shelley Cole responds in kind as his new partner to make this a very enjoyable experience , straddling that fine line between comedy and drama quite nicely . Supporting cast deserve mention as well .
 With all the huge blockbusters cranked out by the major studios filling the multiplexes each weekend with big budget action pictures - or duds which depend on blockbuster names - it 's films like this little gem which only get exposure at small regional film festivals , and by word of mouth on DVD . Actually you have probably only found this listing and review if someone recommended it to you and I 'm here to give just one more recommendation that you do n't miss this film.There are no big stars here - unless you were a huge fan of TV 's `` Cheers '' and remember John Ratzenger as Cliff , the mailman . -LRB- I was not so I did n't have a character image of Ratzenger in my mind before viewing this film . -RRB- He is perfect for the role of the barber who is struggling to make a living in suburban Reno , Nevada . He is matched is his talent by Shelly Cole , as the young woman who made some made `` life '' decisions and now wants to get her life in order.Writer Director Chris Cole is practically never mentioned in the publicity for this film but without him there would be no `` Village Barbershop '' . Hos background was in commercials and this project is his first screenplay and film and yet you 'd never know that . The script is tight and the film is the right length . His directorial skills shine on `` little images '' like the Chinese fortune cookie messages mounted around a mirror in one frame . -LRB- You 'll remember that image days after viewing the film . -RRB- I do n't even want to discus the plot here because it will only distract from the surprises . This is a `` small film '' and is best enjoyed without too much advance plot hints.The DVD comes with some bonus features - which are creative but short . One is a 2-minute history of the occupation of `` barbering '' . The other is a 2-minute history of Reno , Nevada , where Cole lives and where the film was shot . Not much , but a nice touch.The print is excellent and the songs on the soundtrack provide just the right amount of atmosphere.Do yourself a favor and give this film a chance . Then tell your friends and they 'll tell their friends . Hopefully Cole will get enough recognition to go back to paper and camera and make another film . I , for one , can hardly wait!Steve Ramm
 The movie is wonderful . The DVD is pretty sparse when it comes to `` extras . '' There really are n't any . No closed captioning option on the DVD itself ; you 'll have to rely on your television 's closed captioning . Since it was an indie film , there was n't a lot to spend on bells and whistles and we 're lucky to even find the DVD to buy in the first place . It is a plus that the DVD is in wide screen and you can see a lot more details than catching it on cable . On the DVD you 're able to see wider , longer shots - you 'll also see more continuity errors .
 Art is a cantankerous barber who has been doing things his way , like , forever . But his partner dies , leaving him alone with zero business acumen and limited vision -LRB- `` I only cut men 's hair '' -RRB- . He is behind in his rent , his customers really preferred his partner Enzo , and his drinking and gambling are getting worse.Enter a young , talented cosmetologist , Gloria , who has life problems of her own , but is desperate to find stability.There is much of this movie that is predictable . However , the acting is usually sharp , the dialogue witty , and the quiet segments dispersed appropriately with scenes of greater intensity.Fun movie for a group of friends to watch together ... The Village Barbershop
 I saw a preview of this movie -LRB- from Local Color - another winner -RRB- and just identified with a couple of the characters and knew I had to see it . It was funny , poignant and something I really connected with and yet it offered a balance . What I mean is that it was n't overdone in any one area ... the relationships unfolded and I felt like I knew most of them . This is the kind of movie that I know I want to see more of and what I 'd really love is the soundtrack . The music in the movie was great . Keep on bringing us quality movies like this . Thank you .
 Art Leroldi -LRB- John Ratzenberger , Cliff from Cheers -RRB- is a widowed barber who loses his business partner and is in danger of losing his business . Into his world comes a determined young woman named Gloria , a registered beautician , and better yet , someone who can do Art 's bookkeeping.Slowly the cranky barber opens up to Gloria , and new lady love , and the possibility of operating a moneymaking business . A familiar story , but one told in a straightforward and refreshing way . A feel good movie .
 This is an interesting independent film , it 's not great , it 's just well above average . The story has been told many times over , but there was something endearing and heartwarming about this film . And for maybe the first time ever , thankfully , John Ratzenberger is n't Cliff Clavin . No this time John is a wonderful , cranky , overweight old man , that we have probably all met at one time or another.The film is about the owner of a barbershop , whose partner just died . He has a sad outlook , a deep rooted routine , drinks and gambles too much , and misses his wife who died 11 years earlier . The story comes alive when Gloria -LRB- Shelly Cole -RRB- arrives and shows Art the goodness in life . This would feel like the same old story over and over again , but The Village Barbershop has a warm heart that keeps the story moving forward and the viewer wanting more.Technically , a very low budget film . There 's a fair number of editing mistakes , shots held too long , cuts that do n't make sense , or begin too early . The director may have edited this film very quickly , there are pieces of the film that do n't add up perfectly , story lines that are left hanging , and unexplained or supported events later in the film . It 's not horribly important or distracting , just a flaw in the film.Production is just fine , Art 's house and the barbershop are captured perfectly . It 's hard to understand why this film had to be set in Reno . The city was almost a distraction , it did n't have to be any particular city . In some ways , the dumpier the better . I loved the Airstream trailer.The soundtrack is wonderful . I really enjoyed the indie -LRB- with country / Cowboy Junkies influence -RRB- music by Brittany Shane . There is a great little present at the official movie website , thevillagebarbershop dot com , four of the songs are available for preview . Decked Out Brittany Shane . The film recording is simply work a day voice recording , nothing wrong with it , just nothing outstanding.Shelly Cole reminds me a bit of an older Ellen Page -LRB- Juno -RRB- . She 's just quirky enough . I enjoyed her chemistry with John Ratzenberger . The supporting cast was just right , characters that you would enjoy getting to know -LRB- with the exception of Gloria 's truck driving boy friend -RRB- . An hour and forty minutes , some threads could have been trimmed . But there are many holes that should have been patched better . The film is R rated , mostly for language . There 's a moment of nudity in a strip club , not anything anyone would ever expect incidently . There 's no violence.The DVD is a strange one . There are bonus features . Except these have to be the absolute stranges features ever included on a DVD . Feature one - a movie slide show on the history of barbershops -LRB- balloon words with pictures of barbershops -RRB- . Feature two - a travel advertisement for Reno -LRB- totally strange -RRB- . Feature three - a written interview with the director -LRB- really bad -RRB- . Feature four - written bios for Shelly Cole , John Ratzenberger , and Cindy Pickett . All very strange.Not a great film . But a film that restores your faith in people doing nice things for eachother just because they can .
 Finally , a movie that left me feeling happy at the end ! With the current glut of downer movies , what a relief to invest my time in a wonderful piece of entertainment with plenty of substance & heart . And a feeling of hope & satisfaction , with a good helping of humor in the mix . Chris Ford worked magic with this film . And what a treat to see John Ratzenberger show his stuff ! There 's much more to his talent than a bar stool & Pixar voices . And I certainly hope we see much more of Shelly Cole in the future . Great movie ! We need more like these .
 A wonderful , `` feel good '' movie ... funny , poignant , delicious . John Ratzenberger shows how multi-faceted his acting abilities are . He 's funny , sweet , sexy , lovable . This movie is a `` must-see '' !
 THE VILLAGE BARBERSHOP -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was an unfortunate flop for its star John Ratzenberger , who has continued his stellar career doing voices for Pixar . In this gem of a comedy , old fashioned barber Art -LRB- Ratzenberger -RRB- loses his partner just a few years after losing his wife - and very nearly loses his shirt in a conflict over his rented barbershop . When the free-spirited and hip young helper -LRB- Shelley Cole -RRB- arrives , Art barely knows what to do with her . Soon he will learn , or rather recall , what happy youth was like.This movie has some classic comedy in it , with a perfect and subdued performance by Ratzenberger - who shows just what an accomplished actor he is . Not many of his ilk could handle a role of this weight ... and be a romantic lead also . Ratzenberger takes it all in his stride , and I 'm frankly ashamed that he did not get many more roles after doing this film . He earned his spurs long ago , and while I love catching his voice in the Pixar cartoons , he deserves a few more feature films.This was filmed in Las Vegas , where it is set -LRB- not in a `` small town '' as some reviews say -RRB- . It 's fun , aside from some adult language and situations I think it 's a good family film , and it is a film classic that just fell through the cracks.Get this . I for one am tired of these films being made only to be ignored , forgotten then ` lost ' . Let 's start finding them !
 This is a movie that is all about the people in it , there problems and issues , the emotions run from laughs to maybe a sniffle or two . Worth watching for sure .
 `` A tasty morsel of a film and a wonderful ` slice of life ' plot line . It was fun to watch and it ended way before you wish it did . The great ones always do ''
 I found this movie one day when I was on Netflix and just watched it for a few days . Hollywood blockbuster maybe not but still that does not take away from it being a great movie . John Ratzenberger give a great performance that one can enjoy.The muisc is just great for the movie , it helps to add that pull on the heart strings . Give it a try and you will see !!!!
 If you are looking for non-stop gunplay , car chases and skin , this movie is not for you . It 's a slow starter , but I suspended judgment and watched on . I 'm glad I did . This film , which is set in Reno , Nevada , is peopled by quirky characters , led by the village barber -LRB- John Ratzenberger -RRB- and his sassy sidekick -LRB- Shelly Cole -RRB- . Forced by finances to hire another barber after the death of his partner , cranky , old-school widower Ratzenberger hires the wisecracking Cole only to do his books , citing his preference for a male barber for the all male clientele . Cole earns her chair when a newly hired male barber , attempting to shave a client , nearly cuts his throat . Cole steps in and deftly shaves the client , finishing with a warm towel chin-coddling . Woven through the developing friendship between Ratzenberger and Cole are Cole 's two-timing boyfriend , the shop 's slimy landlord , a topless barmaid , and Ratzenberger 's stoner neighbors whose electricity for non-stop gnarly partying is pirated from Ratzenberger via a l-o-n-g extension cord . The worthy soundtrack mirrors the eccentric vibe of the movie . When the closing credits rolled , my smile-o-meter was topped off , and I felt uplifted . I purchased the movie to avoid further rental fees as I knew it would be a repeater for me .
 Review of the movie
 Leap him entertained , he tries to find out where the birds and sounds are coming from . Definitely worth buying it .
 I was really satisfied with the film and the seller 's timely fashion in shipping the item to me . The movie was a drama-thriller , I 'd say . Focuses on the different opinions of people based on the effects of the events of 9/11 . Truly a mortifying film on how far one 's hate will take them to harm others . Great performances from actors , Marshall Allman -LRB- Prison Break -RRB- , Matt O'Leary -LRB- Domestic Disturbance -RRB- and Ross Britz -LRB- Maskerade -RRB- .
 This really should be shown in every high school . This is how many teens feel these days and shows just how quick things can get out of hand . Really opened my eyes and I talked to my daughter about this in depth . Even she saw how many times it could have been prevented , stopped . Shocking .
 I 'm half Asian and when I was young I was picked on by kids who were raised by parents from post Vietnam and had grand parents who were post WW2 . Every comic book , TV show and book showed Asians as always being evil . The people that picked on me sounded just like the kids in this film . There were the crazy kids and the fools that just stood there and did nothing . I was so scared I brought a knife with me at all times for fear of something like this happening to me and I 'm talking about the 70s and 80s . This film was great . It scared the hell out of me because if felt so real .
 well , as the creator of this fine documentary film , I must be humble , though it is quite difficult to be so . Particular highlights in the film that make it worthwhile are footage of Ron Kovich trying to get in to the Rolling stone party exclaiming he has been invited by President jimmy carter and additional insight from jeff carter.Also , the `` real '' ufo footage is quite something . Als , jimmy 's alien abduction which leaves him with a suspicious scar is quite a treat . The real rabbit attack photo makes this documentary one of the finest DVD 's to come along in a great while or at least in the last couple of minutes . Look for the director 's cut in the near future though you wont find one.In any case , I highly recommend this , it makes a great stocking stuffer and will be sure to collect dust in your dvd collection after a viewing or so !!!
 This show brings you into the lives of ordinary Italian people to truly explore the wonders of Italy in High Def . The show is captivating and makes me long to travel .
 Granted , I have not spent a great deal of time learning about China , nor have I ever BEEN to China . But I was very impressed with all of the aspects of China covered in this documentary . The film packs a lot of information into this little package ! Contemporary China may both match your expectations and blow them out of the water . If you want to be entertained and informed about a diverse world quite different from the US , I recommend this film !
 It is a shame that there are people who do n't bother to READ what these documentaries are about BEFORE they buy them and are disappointed.The oft-stated aim of Discovery Atlas is not a history lesson ... it is a unique look at countries through the eyes and personal stories of a select group of individuals.What better ways to learn the true feelings and emotions than by this manner.Exquisitely shot , wonderfully narrated , these videos provide a unique look into each of these nations that one would not otherwise EVER be party to .
 This set of 4-DVDs is a bargain compared to buying each single DVD especially the China revealed DVD . It contains a brown leatherette cover and 4 individual DVDs with their original cover . I have nothing against China or Italy ... but you get a much better deal here and it 's a nice display for your DVD library ! The content of these DVDs are more educational though , it tells you the stories of the countries and their citizens ... not in Rick Steves 's travel style though !
 Discovery Atlas
 Man , watch this DVD on a High-Def TV and you feel like you are really in Italy . They do a nice job of showing the beauty of Italy while showing the day-to-day stories of a couple of actual Italians . The stories keep you captive as they are unique to Italian culture . This is a tremendous disc for educational purposes or just for those that miss being in Italia ... I highly recommend !
 Wonderful entertaining movie . Loved the way the lives of several ordinary individuals are followed in their working lives or just something an ordinary person accomplishes , it was very heartwarming .
 Very well done video with different indendant living scenarios by native Italians which makes it even more personal and interesting ! Narration by ISABELLA ROSELLINI IS WELL DONE WITH AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN FLAVOR ... BEING ITALIAN THIS IS WELL APPRECIATED .
 This is a Discovery Channel documentary on modern life in Italy . I could use clips for my Latin classes in the future , but the entire DVD is too long for a typical classroom setting . This copy arrived on time in excellent condition .
 Unlike most of the reviews here , I was able to play this HD DVD without any problems . I use my Xbox 360 to play HD DVDs , which is able to automatically get any updates that are needed.Anyway , the movie follows the stories of multiple Italian people , all of different ages and background , as they embark on different milestones in their lives . The video is full of beautiful shots with great hi-def detail . The narration really adds to the video as none of the people speak English.I definitely would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of Italy . My wife and I went there a few years ago and were happy to once again see places that we had visited .
 Great way to educate people , especially kids , about the world around them . It covered different aspects of the countries and cultures it highlighted
 These are great to watch . They are informative and entertaining . I really enjoy the in-depth way they cover the countries . I 'd highly recommend them to anyone that in interested in other cultures .
 The series was interesting and informative . The inclusion of snapshots into the lives of ordinary people was good to see .
 Great movie for enriching our homeschooling program ! It helped to spark interest in our Heritage Studies Topic . Video was informative and engaging .
 Just excellent , well done documentary , a very good way to know the richness of human kind cultures . Please add more seasons !
 China is much more interesting than you might think . $ 2 ... buy it , you 'll like it
 Breathtaking . Worth purchasing ... Amazing graphics and sound . I hope that there will be many more of these ... Great stories as well ...
 Despite other comments posted here , I had no difficulty playing this disc in my Toshiba A20 HD player . The video is absolutely stunning in HD . The travelogue revolves around the lives of several people from different areas of Italy in today 's world . I highly recommend this video to anyone interested in Italian travel or learning about today 's Italy .
 My husband and I are very big fans of Italy , Italian cooking and Italian wine and thoroughly enjoyed this Discovery Atlas DVD . The high definition photography is breathtaking . The telling of the modern day Italy and its historical roots through the eyes of different Italian people from many walks of life from areas all over the country is inspired . We highly recommend this DVD.As an interesting aside one of the stories told by the DVD involves a man from the Italian Alps area of the country and who has been a member of a volunteer mountain rescue team for many years . The narrator makes a passing comment that due to global warming and the melting of the snow pack the man is now able to visit a warming hut used by his grandfather during an historic battle with the Austrians during World War I. Following World War I that same warming hut was covered by decades of snow pack denying access to the hut until recent global warming had once again revealed its location . Clearly a bit of unnecessary political commentary on Discovery 's part and that might have inadvertently missed its intended mark.Although an Interesting piece of history the warming hut story left my husband and I wondering what changed in the Earth 's climate -LRB- global cooling perhaps -RRB- during the late 19th century and early 20th century that allowed the man 's grandfather and his fellow soldiers access to the warming hut and then subsequently kept the warming hut covered by snow pack for decades until the late 20th and early 21st century . Although a single data point , the described circumstance does have the feel of a trend rather than a politically correct crisis management event .
 Do not buy this video if you wish to be shown the Colesseum , etc. etc. - all of the tourist attractions , it is not that type of video . It is more about capturing the mood of the country , some of its background , and the prospects for the future.You will meet a man purusing his dream of becoming a gondolier in Venice ; a volunteer rescue worker in the Italian Alps ; we follow a member of the Missoni family preparing for their new collection ; a horse jockey who hopes to participate in Siena 's palio -LRB- a 90 second horserace which brings the neighbourhoods of Siena to a fever-pitch -RRB- ; a young Roman girl who hopes to be the country 's first femae race car driver ; and a young Sicilian man who is a free diver , hoping to become professional . Along the way we are told about the state of the Catholic church in modern Italy , and other vignettes of information about the country that we learn while we look in on these people 's lives . And of course , Isabella Rosselini 's voice is wonderful , I love it.So you will not be told where to go and what to see in this DVD . But you will have a better sense of the country and its people , what makes them tick , where they came from , where they are going . For me that was fascinating . I did find the scene of Siena 's palio a bit upsetting actually -LRB- when they say it is a dangerous race they mean it -RRB- . In my mind all I could think was ` is it really worth it to risk your life for a horse race ? ' but this is something that is obviously very important to them.I did not make this purchase expecting to get a tourist 's tour of Italy . I borrowed it from the library first . Then I bought it knowing what I was getting . It is a DVD that I will enjoy having in my collection .
 This is worth watching in HD for the stunning photography alone.Contrary to some reviews , there is nothing wrong with the disc . Certain HD-DVD players have firmware bugs which have been fixed in newer versions , that keep them from showing several titles including this one . Connect your HD-DVD player to the internet and run the update utility under Settings .
 This documentary covers a number of sites in Italy by picking a human subject in each of the locations , and telling us the story of a slice of life in that individual and its bonding with local culture and history . These narratives run in parallel , we are taken back and forth between the heroes , as their character story lines progress.The main feature on this Blu-Ray disk is compressed more than what I 've seen on Blu-Ray titles from other studios . The picture is a little washed out , especially where fast movement is shown . The quality of the camera work is exceptional for the most part ; but some of less than stellar footage , with bad lighting and color fringing , was also mixed in.This DVD has extras . But , when I started watching the first one , I immediately noticed that there were some mastering problems , showing bad digital artifacting , most noticeable at scene changes . Fortunately , the main feature does not suffer from this.Overall this is a very interesting work
 Excellent photography and subject selection.Even though the dvd is in 1080i -- on my Sony 60inch 1080P SXRD the picture quality was absolutely outstanding.I have a PS3 with Blue Ray DVD connected via HDMI cable .
 This is not a tipical Turisty view of Italy , it 's more cultural . They manage to create an in depth documentary , focusing on people from a few specific areas of Italy . The images are outstanding.Sergio V.
 The only part that I was disappointed was was when it was all over . It not only shows the beautiful country of Italy in high definition , Discovery follows several Italians during a pivotal point in their lives . I 'm sad to say that Discovery will probably not make another Italy exclusive in HD for quite awhile . I 'm infatuated with the Italian culture and lifestyle as well as their geography , landscape , and architecture . The Discovery Atlas series is excellent if you 're at all interested in worlds outside of ours .
 The video quality of this movie was very good . My wife and I have been to italy many times and enjoyed this film because it had many of the same places that we had been to . We have a movie similar to this one that is not blu-ray and it just does n't hold up to the beauty of Italy . I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone interested and I would also recommend a blu-ray player so that you could watch this excellent movie in it 's full quality .
 very good film and veiws almost all of italy and the beautiful places of italy
 This dvd was purchased for my daughter-in-law as a Christmas gift . I was excited to find it because she had had difficulty finding it without having to buy a boxed set .
 This is a disarming little movie about a woman athlete and her coach . It is a somewhat romantic comedy but it is more about developing a female athlete and coaching her to be a winner . Katherine Hepburn was apparently a terrific athlete and Garson and Kanin wrote their screenplay around her . It is not a raccuous or exaggerated romantic comedy like Adam 's Rib or even Woman of the Year . It is much smaller but very charming . Take it for what it is and do n't expect it to be like the other films . This is not what Pat and Mike are about .
 Many consider Katherine Hepburn the greatest actress ever . While Spencer Tracey is undeniably the greatest movie actor -LRB- male or female -RRB- ever . Combined they are the undisputed screen couple.Pat and Mike is perhaps the movie that shows them at their most natural . Hepburn was a great athlete . That was her in those scenes . This made it easy for her to concentrate on the famous bantering . The Tracy & Hepburn chemistry was present throughout this film . What also helped was having George Cuckor as the director . -LRB- Hepburn and Cukor made a number of films classics together . -RRB- The story is simple . Kate is a sports phenom when women were not allowed to play sports . Spence is an eager promoter who sees dollar signs . What happens is a funny romance.One thing I would recommend is to buy the Signature Collection box set which has this DVD plus Adam 's Rib and Woman of the Year plus the documentary Kate made on Spencer for PBS .
 This is a fun film for sports fans . It is only unfortunate that it is so sickenly anti-feminist until the very end . People act as if a woman had no business being an athlete , as if she had no business being a person of any influence at all . I did n't live through the fifties , and if this is accurate , I am appalled . It does get to be a good movie at the end though when Katharine starts kicking some butt !
 This was just recently on the Golf Channel which prompted me to buy it . It 's an enjoyable piece of fluff , and I would n't call Hepburn 's athlectic skills great , but maybe in those days it was considered good form . The movie is fun to watch though . I have one warning . When William Ching 's character tosses his coat to a black porter and say 's Here you go , boy ' , it 's cringworthy . But the movie was made in the 50 's and that has to be taken into accont .
 PAT & MIKE is an inspiring look at the relationship between a gifted athlete -LRB- Katherine Hepburn -RRB- and her coach -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- , determined to get her back on her game . Pat 's fiancee , Collier Weld -LRB- William Ching -RRB- is the one setback that keeps her from really excelling at the sports she pursues . Everytime she sees him in the crowd , she fails miserably at anything she is attempting to do -LRB- be it serve a tennis ball , or shoot a golfball -RRB- . I am sure you can imagine the twist of fate that occurs while under the tuttelage of Mike , who believes that they have a truly equal partnership , in his words , `` 5-0 , 5-0 . `` Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn 's chemistry is going strong , as they trade clever banter and we watch the evolution of a beautiful relationship . This film is especially progressive for the time that it was released -LRB- the 1950s -RRB- .
 Bought this for my daughter for a course she was taking at UF called Women in Films . It arrived very promptly at her address .
 Bought this as a gift . An old movie buff like me who was really thrilled to get this . Arrived on time and in good condition .
 My favorite remains Woman of the Year . And two of the funniest movies I 've ever seen are Woman of the Year and Adam 's Rib . But this is a knock-out too ! Spence and Kate are my favorite couple -LRB- they 're even with Mickey and Judy -RRB- , so just with them the movie has 3 stars without see it . Their performances are as always perfect . The Kanins are truly great screenwriters . And Cukor great director . What else you could say ? Enjoy it !
 This was a good old fasioned fun movie especially if you are a sport fan like me , but with a team like this how could you go wrong even if you are not ? Uncomplicated , and predictable , and just relaxed fun all of the way .
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time . I could not believe the price I picked this CD up for - very reasonable .
 I believe they did for comedy duos , whhat Bogart abd Bacall did for intrigue , abd Bogart and Cagney did for Prohibition-era gangster movies . They will always be my favorites .
 Hepburn and Tracy at their finest in the story of a female athlete and her shady agent . An agent who turns out to be a good guy when he finds the right woman in the guise of Hepburn . Hepburn got to display her range of athletic skills in this film alongside some of the great female golfers and men and women tennis stars of the 1950 's . Great film .
 This movie contains one of my favorite lines of all time - spoken by Spencer Tracy in reference to the character played by Kate Hepburn - `` There ai n't a lotta meat on her - but what 's there is cherse '' . That 's how I feel about this movie - it 's `` cherse '' !
 MGM does a grand job in restoring this 1952 comedy classic to DVD perfection !!! Presented in Black/White , Standard Screen size -LRB- 4:3 tv aspect ratio - before WideScreen -LRB- 1953 -RRB- -RRB- . This was Spencer Tracy 's & Katherine Hepburn 's 7th film together and as always are Classic Team mates !!! Now digitally remastered and on DVD makes it even better . Flawlessly digitalized makes the picture quality absolutely astounding to watch . Hepburns athletism can be more appreciated especially during the golf scenes when she drives the balls into the far distance -LRB- only now can we see these tiny spheres in the distance with DVD clarity ! -RRB- . Summary ; Masterfully directed by George Cukor , Athletic Pat -LRB- Hepburn -RRB- plays a very skillful amateur female sports nut who seems trapped in a rich socialite engaged to be married life . Mike -LRB- Tracy -RRB- a sports promoter eyes Hepburn in a Pro-Amatuer Golf match & sees a gold mine to be had . Hustling her to turn pro & be his client Hepburn decides this is a way to escape her miserable dominating fiances & to be married life . Hepburn shows hows some amazing athletic talents in golf & tennis . Tracy & Hepburn are a grand pair to watch & Hollywoods 1950 's happy ending prevails . This is a keeper and the DVD is a beauty!Special Features include
 PAT & MIKE is the seventh Tracy-Hepburn collaboration , and it stars Spencer Tracy as Mike Conovan , the moneyminded sports racketeer with a heart of gold , and Katharine Hepburn -LRB- looking a great deal younger than she did in 1951 's THE AFRICAN QUEEN -RRB- as his beautiful ` property ' , Pat Pemberton . Pat is an all-round ` lady athlete ' , adept at golf and tennis -LRB- not to mention shooting , basketball and presumably swimming -RRB- , but completely frazzled whenever her fiance Collier Weld -LRB- a suitably smarmy William Ching -RRB- is around and watching her . In a bid to become more in control of herself and her life , she -LRB- contrarily -RRB- submits to Mike 's management and he takes her around the country as a golf and tennis pro . It does n't take much imagination to realise what happens next -- Mike 's ` handling ' of Pat is the kind of handling she 's willing to accept -LRB- switch ` Tracy ' for ` Mike ' and ` Hepburn ' for ` Pat ' and you get also a description of Tracy and Hepburn 's real-life relationship -RRB- , and before long , Collier is pretty much left in the dust.This film is evidently a star vehicle for Tracy and Hepburn , containing next to no artistic pretensions or even any real attempt to press a subtle feminist point -LRB- in contrast with other Tracy/Hepburn films like WOMAN OF THE YEAR or ADAM 'S RIB -RRB- . In fact , the film seems to be just a comfortable , familiar joke between actors , writers and audience -- we know these characters , we know these actors , we know what kind of relationship they always have -LRB- bantering , sparring , and in the end just a perfect fit -RRB- ... the only thing that 's different is the names of the characters . Sam , Adam , Mike -- Tess , Amanda , Pat -- what 's the difference?To be fair , Hepburn 's character of Pat Pemberton is much softer and more vulnerable than either Tess Harding or Amanda Bonner . This character variation does n't hide the real point of the screenplay though -- Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin evidently wanted a chance to display both Hepburn 's natural athletic abilities -LRB- phenomenal for a non-professional , but possibly not 100 % believable against sports stars like Babe Zaharias -RRB- and her incredible legs . Well , they did succeed at both of these things , to great effect . It 's great fun for a Hepburn fan , having read about her deep and abiding love of any and all sports , to get a chance to actually watch her playing golf and tennis onscreen . -LRB- This does n't mean , of course , that the frequent and long golf scenes do n't test one 's patience occasionally ! -RRB- Spencer Tracy has great fun as Mike as well , the sports agent who originally wants Pat to flub a game and come in second . He claims early on in the film that the trouble with her is that she 's got too honest a face -- it 's only Tracy 's ability to make rough-and-tumble characters believably vulnerable at heart that makes his later declaration -LRB- `` I must have caught something from you '' i.e. honesty -RRB- acceptable . The chemistry between the two is probably closer to the comfortable rapport they shared in ADAM 'S RIB as man and wife than the fireworks that went off between them in WOMAN OF THE YEAR . Whatever the case , it is still always a joy to watch Tracy and Hepburn together onscreen , and it 's largely because this film stars who it does that you can allow yourself to enjoy and be taken in by what is evidently a cutesy star vehicle written by the stars ' friends -LRB- Gordon and Kanin -RRB- , and directed by the leading lady 's best and favourite director George Cukor . -LRB- Some of the visual tricks , particularly Hepburn 's face appearing on that of a horse , are actually more disturbing than flattering , and I -- for one -- would prefer not to pursue the metaphor through to its end . -RRB- Tracy and Hepburn are also boosted by an excellent supporting cast , particularly William Ching as Pat 's obnoxious suitor and Aldo Ray as Mike 's dimwitted star protege -LRB- until Pat comes along , that is ! -RRB- . PAT & MIKE is a romantic comedy , but it 's also romantic-comedy - * lite * . There are no forced or fake separations that are geared towards wringing tears from viewers before a reconciliation -LRB- contrast again with ADAM 'S RIB and most formulaic films in recent years -RRB- . The film is just a little piece of joyful fluff -- not taxing at all for either the writers , the actors , or the viewers . For a brilliant comic set-piece , watch out for the scene in which Pat takes on the two seedy sports racketeers and dispenses them with remarkable ease and efficiency . Otherwise , watch PAT & MIKE with the knowledge that this is neither Tracy and Hepburn 's best , nor is it their worst . If you keep your expectations down , you 'll certainly enjoy watching this film because it aims low -LRB- aiming only to please and amuse , and not necessarily to engage and thrill -RRB- , and fulfils those aims very well . 8/10 .
 According to film lore , writers Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin were inspired to write PAT AND MIKE when they realized that Katherine Hepburn was a near-professional-level golfer and tennis player . The result is a sprightly tale of a college physical education teacher named Pat -LRB- Hepburn -RRB- who turns pro with the help of a slightly shady promoter manager named Mike -LRB- Tracy . -RRB- As always , Tracy and Hepburn make for an engaging pair , and the supporting cast is crammed with memorable faces , including Jim Backus , Chuck Conners , a very young Charles Bronson , and even Carl `` Alfalfa '' Switzer -- and every one plays with the same charming touch . The sports scenes also gives sports fans a glimpse at such legendary atheletes as Babe Didrikson Zaharias . But the real interest here is the script itself
 Katherine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy at their funny best ! Watch for a VERY young Charles Bronson in his screen debut . He is hilarious as a bad guy that Katherine Hepburn beats up . It 's awful funny watching little Hepburn beat up tough guy Bronson ! That part had us all doubled over laughing . A young Chuck Connors also has a small part as the sheriff . It 's definitely worth a watch .
 This is n't much of a movie , but Tracey and Hepburn are just about at the peak of their form together - and are a joy to watch . Hepburn is an all-star athlete and Tracey her manager ; she is in love with William Ching , but whenever he 's around her she flops
 Pat and Mike is a lovely story of a star athlete , played by Katharine Hepburn , who is discovered by a sport 's manager , Spencer Tracy . Hepburn 's character realizes that she is going to be watched every minute of every day while in training . This companionship between athlete and manager finally turns to love.In Pat and Mike , Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy again play opposite each other . Hepburn also gets to show off the skills in sports and physical agility , which she posesses in real life .
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies.For one thing , it is laugh-out-loud funny in its own special way . A lot of the humor derives from the characters themselves , who are innately funny without being aware that they are . For example , Spencer Tracy 's character Mike . He manages athletes . He clearly came up from the streets of New York , and his New York slang is endearing , original , and hilarious . He is sui generis , what you see is what you get , and his sudden partnership with the blue-blooded Katharine Hepburn turns the humor up a notch , as he clumsily approaches this beautiful graceful , elegant female athlete from another world , somehow sure enough in his ability that is willing to do what it takes to bridge the gap.Tracy -LRB- Mike -RRB- sees Hepburn -LRB- Pat -RRB- play in a professional tennis tournament . He is so blown away by her ability that he approaches her to offer to be her manager . He is shy and tentative , first because she is so beautiful and elegant , and also because he is aware that they come from different worlds . Mind you , it is clear Mike feels inferior to nobody and that he is his own man.So Mike starts to chat her up in his New York-ese , avidly chewing gum , both hands in the pockets of his navy pinstriped suit , fedora perched on the back of his head . Showing his own touch of class , Tracy does not let on in any way that he finds Hepburn attractive . Just that he is wowed by her ability . -LRB- Interestingly , Mike keeps a poker face about his romantic feelings throughout most of the movie . He reveals tenderness and love at first in the sweetest scene -- she is asleep and he covers her with a blanket . -RRB- After Hepburn agrees to have him manage her , they go out for a celebratory dinner . Tracy orders scotch on the rocks , steak , baked potato with butter , and apple pie a la mode . Hepburn orders the same . Tracy shakes his head . He tells the waiter that the lady will have broiled fish with salad , no dressing . Hepburn protests indignantly . Tracy becomes firm and adamant . He tells Hepburn that she has to listen to him or no deal . He says he has a stable of successful clients , all of whom adhere to his strict training regimen . He mentions `` Little Nell '' as one of his most successful clients . Beaming with pride , he opens his wallet to show Hepbrn a picture of his pride and joy . As it turns out , Rosie is a thoroughbred mare.The humor and wit do not abate throughout the whole movie , with Hepburn and Tracy complementing each other as smoothly and intimately as yang and yin.I have seen this movie lots of times , and each time it brings me joy .
 Katharine Hepburn has said this deceptively casual 1952 comedy is her favorite of the nine onscreen pairings with longtime partner Spencer Tracy , and one can see why as the film takes advantage of her natural athletic prowess . Directed by the redoubtable George Cukor and written by the husband-and-wife team of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon -LRB- Adam 's Rib -RRB- , this is not so much a rollicking screwball farce as a sly opposites-attract love story set in a world pitched between professional sports and the street-slang and pinstripe suits of Damon Runyon . It 's not a complicated plot . Mike Conovan is a dem-and-dose sports promoter who already manages a punch-drunk fighter named Davie Hucko . On a country club golf course , he sees a great golfing talent in Pat Pemberton , a college physical-education instructor who turns out to be accomplished in a number of sports including sharp-shooting and tennis . Mike immediately sees the financial possibilities of promoting a `` lady athlete '' , and a mutual attraction develops.However , he also discovers Pat 's one major Achilles ' heel - her self-doubt is such that she can not perform to her world-class standards under the patronizing eye of her selfish fianc&eacute;e Collier . Naturally , this impediment gives rise to the movie 's funniest sight gags , including a particularly hilarious tennis match with real pro Gussie Moran where Pat 's tennis racket gets smaller , Moran 's gets larger , and the net grows higher . The rest of the film consists of scenes highlighting Pat 's ascending trajectory as a pro star , and consequently , the fortyish Hepburn 's impressive physical talent facing off with the likes of Olympic champion Babe Didrickson Zaharias in a pro golf tournament . The Tracy-Hepburn team shows a genuine rhythm to their banter here , and Tracy seems to be having fun playing a street-savvy huckster . I find it amusing how Hepburn 's character - with her crisp New England-based diction - is supposed to be from Oakland . Aldo Ray makes a memorable impression as Davie , while a young Charles Bronson can be seen as one of the hoods subject to Pat 's masterful judo moves . There are no extras offered with the 2000 DVD .
 Talk about CAMP.This movie made John Waters films look like something from DISNEY ... To say that it was `` over-the-top '' would be the understatement of the new millennium to say the least ... It started with a shot of the heroine , Jackie , sprawled out in her bedroom waking up to a new day with her many Morrissey posters , pins , pictures and assorted other memorabilia scattered about . She gets ready for work and kisses all of her Moz pics on the way out the door - and then comes back in and gives a hint of what is to come throughout the film buy lunging back into the frame and tonguing the posters with relish ... the initial shock of the audience never really wore off as her downward spiral of obsession is graphically displayed in alarming detail . The characters in her office are equally violently over-acted
 This is n't a movie for Morrissey fans . They have an actor play Morrissey and they probably did n't want to spring for the cash to add actual Morrissey songs to the soundtrack . It is n't even really about Morrissey , except that Morrissey is the object of the main character 's obsession . She does n't seem to know much about him , including his first name . She refers to him as ` Morrissey from the Smiths . ' -LRB- `` I 'm getting married to a famous rock-star . '' `` Who ? '' `` Oh , a certain guy named ... MORRISSEY ! You know , from the SMITHS ! '' -RRB- Nor she does accept that he 's gay and she violently rebukes anyone who suggests that he might be.The movie is very absurdist dark comedy . The acting is very over-the-top , almost like Saturday Night Live , and its obvious they 're having a ton of fun on the set . The storyline is weak and the characterization is two-dimensional , but it all fits into the movie 's absurdity . It follows the Morrissey-obsessed young lady through her descent into madness as she goes from stalking the city for Morrissey to acting out her marriage to him to making love to a blow-up doll with Morrissey 's face taped on . There are many long scenes in which she 's tonguing Morrissey posters on the wall , arguing with her blow-up doll , or shouting his name in personal ecstasy . The movie switches between her personal life , stalking Morrissey at night -LRB- at one point she runs into a tough gang of marker-sniffing schoolgirls -RRB- to her work-life where her bosses pile jobs on her and the ` popular ' female colleagues make fun of her , partly over her love for the company 's free bagels.Very entertaining if you 're into this sort of thing . You do n't have to like Morrissey to enjoy it , you just need a tolerance for extreme weirdness and a good sense of humor .
 I first heard about this film on a blog where people were going to Amazon to laugh at the hysterical reviews from irate Morrissey fans . Now , I know that goofing on Morrissey fans has always been a favorite pastime of the less introspective folks on planet earth , but this film really takes the cake . Seriously though , what is the problem here folks ? This movie made me LAUGH -LRB- ... -RRB- ! Plus , as a bonus , it has the hottest braces-wearing catholic schoolgirl ever to wear a short plaid skirt in the history of movies ! So what if she 's a lesbian ? This is a GOOD thing ! I swear , the things you guys complain about !!! I know Morrissey was laughing about this film on his KROQ interview so if he does n't care why should you ? The way I see it , the film breaks this way
 Yo this film is sooo bizarre and frigging witty and downright hysterical . It is so coool . I was shocked to see the crappy reviews . Moz fans with senses of humor will pee themselves , but you neednt know anything about or care about Morrissey to love this film . Miss it at your own peril ! Destined to be a cult classic .
 I saw this movie at a film festival in Sonoma . I was pleasantly shocked ! I could n't believe how many crazy things were happening , and it just kept getting crazier and crazier . From the beginning of the movie there is no way to prepare for the turn that the movie takes . The situations that the obsessed Moz fan gets herself into are both hilarious and disturbing . And all the supporting characters were wacky too . What kind of twisted mind made this flick ? While it did n't leave me feeling warm and fuzzy , it definitely left me with a smile .
 I laughed , I cried , I squirmed in my seat . The acting is hilarious and the story is a farce beyond anything you can imagine . I heard this was an independent film and I read some of the angry reviews so I was expecting the worse , but it was great ! The production quality is surprisingly good and the story takes you for a turn that you would never expect . Check it out !
 Not for the faint of heart , this wild and original take on fan-aticism is just what a lot of Morrissey fans need , but might not want ! Some brilliant bits include the infamous lesbian school girl assault and the co-worker from hell 's prison diatribe . Shot at Nickelodeon 's offices and also includes a great cast and crew commentary . Lead character 's performance is amazing , gutsy , and not to be missed . Good slide show and outtake special features . Not for everyone , only those who like to laugh and understand that anyone is fair game because we 're all in this together .
 because it is fabulous and if you do n't love it then you are Stoopid ! Even if you are the most obsessed Morrissey fan you have to find humor in this flick . Unless you are one of those somber `` I 'm in so much pain '' Morrissey fans , this movie should seem like pure magic . And if you are one of those fans -LRB- like the losers that wrote the negative reviews -RRB- take a moment and get a sense of humor ! Jackie is such a psycho that it is great ! The movie touches on all of Moz 's usual hang out 's and frequent sighting locations . Get a 40 , sit in front of the TV and prepare for pure entertainment ! If your too busy crying and putting on black eyeliner - then thats your loss !
 AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!I have been laughing all day just thinking about this movie . This is seriously great ! The humor throughout was spectacular . Do people not realize that this movie is SUPPOSED to be funny ? The irony is that you KNOW there are actually people out there like this . I betcha Morrissey himself loves this . He has a wicked sense of humor . Oh , priceless!If you want to see a movie about Morrissey 's bizarre fanbase and ca n't take a -LRB- fictional -RRB- joke , then do n't see this movie . Go watch Is It Really So Strange ? instead . -LRB- Which I thought was WRETCHED , and made me feel ashamed to be a fan . -RRB- This is surely not my all time favorite flick , but I recommend it to ANYONE who has a sense of humor . I love it!Now ... if you 'll excuse me , I have to go make out with my Morrissey poster . M'mmmmm ... AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !
 This movie ROCKS !! I got a chance to see it in it 's premiere in Hollywood and I loved it ! . It 's really funny and all the characters in it are well done .
 this is an absolute MUST SEE for both the morrissey-obsessed and morrissey-hater ... Jackie Buscarino and Eduardo Acosta are hillarious !!!!!!!!! i think i could watch this movie 100 times over .
 This movie is a riot . I bought it despite the extremely long and detailed reviews saying it was a waste of time . I figured there must have been some reason these people devoted so much MORE of their time to write such long reviews ... I wondered , why did it strike a cord with these people ? I found out BECAUSE it 's NUTS ! I 'm not an extreme Morrissey fan like the girl in the film , but I am a fan of independent film . As far as low-budget indie films this one takes the cake ! Funny , silly , wacky and downright insane at times ... kudos to the independent filmmaker that made this film !!
 I just got it on pre-order from AMAZON.Everything about the film is genius . Script , cast , timingect ! Jackie Busciano is an incredible actress . she can be a dimwit at one second , then a passionate woman the next.I wonder here can I send all parties involved fan mail and a bottle of fine bourbon ? It catches with comedy the short time period between adolesence and adulthood , when you can believe in dreams . .
 This is a cool film . I caught it when it played in Silverlake . The characters are so funny . The story is completely over the top . I was so happy to see something other than the typical Hollywood formula film.The photography is awesome . And the makeup is cool too . My favorite scene is with the blow-up doll with Morrissey 's photo taped on it . I 'm a Moz fan , but at least I can be proud that I 'm not as far gone as Jackie . She is a riot.If you want to see an example of good storytelling and filmmaking that dares to step outside the box you should see this film .
 This above-average but anti-climactic low-budget indie psychodrama `` Special -LRB- RX -RRB- Specioprin Hydrochloride '' depicts the psychotic delusions that a shy young guy suffers from after he participates in clandestine drug testing program . `` True Romance '' star Michael Rapaport excels as deranged protagonist Les Franken , and Rapaport 's performance testifies to his genius as an actor that he can forge a genuinely sympathetic character who could easily have been portrayed as a shallow lunatic . Unfortunately , freshman co-scenarists & directors Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmore fail to develop their screenplay past its provocative premise . Happily , they shun the low road which would have made `` Special '' into a lame-brained , predicable comedy . Instead , they play everything extremely straight and narrow so this satirical character study of a pathetic man becomes a parable about paranoia . The subtlety with which they handle the action in the early stages makes `` Special '' appear promising , but the luster grows tarnished about an hour into this 81-minute epic.Les Franken is an anonymous meter cop for the Los Angeles Police Department . He writes parking citations during the day . Once he starts writing a ticket , he claims that he can not stop the process . Nevertheless , when a woman gives him a sob story about her bankruptcy , Les breaks the rule and tears up the ticket . Later , Les ' boss chews him out for having such a soft heart . Our modest but unassuming hero lives alone and has no friends other than two geeks who own a comic book store . Les worries that he is too old to be reading comic books , but these simple-minded sagas fuel his avid fantasies . It is n't long after he ingests the medication that its side effects kick in and his life takes some dramatic turns . While eating cereal on his sofa and watching television , Les levitates in the air . Mind you , he does n't rise very high off the cushions , but he ascends high enough to blow his mind . Suddenly , Les imagines that the pills have unlocked his latent superhero powers.Actually , Dr. Dobson -LRB- Jack Kehler of `` The Big Lebowski '' -RRB- explains that Les is on a new experimental antidepressant which `` inhibits the brain chemical responsible for self-doubt . '' Initially , Haberman and Passmore let our hero imagine that he is a super hero who can leap off a desk and hover above the floor . Indeed , we -- the audience -- buy into Les ' delusion because we see it from his perspective . At first , `` Special '' is a lot of fun because we want to believe what Les believes , but Haberman and Passmore evoke our suspicions that Les is not only fooling himself but us , too . The co-directors let Les get away with a couple of things amid all the other things that he does n't get away with . When Les runs through a wall , he vanishes into the wall . Afterward , however , he reappears with bruises and blood stains on his head . Haberman and Passmore seem intent of confusing us about the reality and illusion of Les ' delusions . Dr. Dobson wants to administer an antidote , but Les feels that it will divest him of his super powers.Believe it or not , Les insists he is indestructible . Our deluded protagonist starts cruising town in a goofy ` Special ' super hero outfit with the name of the drug manufacturer on his back . Les looks like a mental patient on the loose . He tackles people in stores who he mistakes as shoplifters . These misguided stunts win him a segment on the local newscast . The scene where he tries to turn himself in at the LAPD is hilarious . Les thinks that he can read the minds of those people around him . Basically , everything that Les does backfires on him , except on two occasions . He saves a supermarket clerk from a gunman and recovers a woman 's purse from a thief . Eventually , the financial backers of the pharmaceutical company that invented the medication , the Exiler Brothers , Jonas -LRB- Blackthorne -RRB- and Ted -LRB- Ian Bohen -RRB- , try to kill him because his hallucinatory behavior will discredit them . Les calls them ` the suits ' and they become his arch-enemies . At one point , they use their dark , sinister automobile as a battering ram to run over him not once but twice!The redeeming thing about `` Special '' is that there are probably people out there like Les who might imitate his behavior under similar circumstances . Sadly , `` Special '' emerges as a little less than special because Haberman and Passmore dream up subplots and then dump them . The possibility of a romance between Les and a supermarket cashier with her own problems fails to materialize . One wonders whether Haberman and Passmore realized that they were channeling a combo of the 1968 Cliff Robertson movie `` Charly , '' based on the novel `` Flowers for Algernon '' as well as M. Night Shyamalan 's `` Unbreakable . '' Instead , Passmore has stated that the movie `` Jackass '' inspired him . Unmistakably , `` Special '' deconstructs the way the media and our culture affect certain types of impressionable individuals .
 I had heard of an independant film , ` Special ' , starring Micheal Rappaport about a guy who is convinced he has extra-normal powers , right after he starts taking part in an experimental drug trial . The trailer actually shows him using some of these powers . The film turned out to be excellent . The only place I could find it was here , so I ordered it and a small something else to make the cheaper/free shipping deal , like so many of us do -- come on , admit it!anyway , the package arrived , foam envelope , a bit rattily ... opened it and disc was loose inside the plastic box . . this could 've gone either way at this point . The middle-hole-hold-down-clip-thing has not locked down the disc enuff so in transport it 'd worked loose and was shuffling around inside box . Luckily the disc was n't scratched at all and played perfectly well . . and I finally got to see this wonderful little film . Cheers to all involved = satisfied customer here !
 This movie was a very creative take on the overdone superhero genre . It was funny and sad . The acting was great . Watch this little indie and be prepared for greatness . This is one good movie . I highly recommend it !
 Possibly the best Superhero film I 've seen in forever . It has a great message . A awesome end that makes you feel great . I 've liked Rapaport since `` the war at home '' anyway & this is his greatest role . It 's not a spoiler to say that at the end you still say `` Wait ... did he have superpowers or not ??? '' buy it .
 This is one of the best films I 've seen . Every actor , even in bit parts , did an excellent job . I believe the film is funny and cleaver but held a deeper meaning on how the regular person can be raise above it all and refuse to be defeated .
 The dvd cover and descriptions will have you believe this is some kind of comedic and silly superhero movie , which is the furthest thing from the truth . This movie is much deeper and is poignant in terms of being comfortable with ones self . The uniqueness of this movie combined with the best performance I have seen from Michael Rapaport should make anyone pondering whether or not to watch this want to .
 This is movie about a pathetic man who desires to do good , his `` chance '' comes after being adversely affected by psychotropic drugs during an unauthorized medical study . Even down and defeated , he holds true . YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE FROM BEGINING TO END , to ` get '' it . Trust me , you 'll see .
 Excellent acting ! Will watch for this actor in other things , after seeing this performance . This is not really a comedy but , more of a drama .
 Now this is a good movie!It can be a little slow but Michael Rapaport does a wonderful job . If you like good cinema , you will like Special . Its one of the better movies in the Six Shooter Film series .
 Good movie . Rappaport should be getting more rolls . Sort of along the lines of `` eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ''
 Thought this film was very funny , well done . Acting was great , directing was gritty , but worked well for this movie , and it 's story.Would highly recommend if you like dark comedies .
 This movie pulled me in first with belly laughs . As I watched , the story moved me from its comedic beginning to a point where I cared deeply about the troubled , delusional Les . Every character in this film seems to be perfectly cast . Though the film sometimes slips into underdeveloped ideas , it continues to carry the viewer with some very poignant scenes . The story ends with a superhero-worthy titanic struggle of good vs. evil - Rapaport 's personification of Everyman 's quest for meaning against Paul Blackthorne 's evil . Les tries to live up to his vision , `` a villain can launch a missile at a superhero , and the hero just keeps coming ... A real superhero is like a force of nature . '' This film is like a force of nature .
 Anyone who is a fan of Michael Rappaport is sure to love this movie but even if you are n't a known fan of his , this movie has a lot to offer.I would suggest not reading too much about the plot because honestly I felt the way they promoted this movie was right , they just stuck to telling you he takes an experimental drug and gets super powers . But the synopsis on just about every site out there spoils a fairly early `` twist '' and I ddo n't see any reason for it.Without giving much away this movie has a lot of really nice `` human '' moments . Those moments that most people out there can really connect to the character with . Some are funny , some are sad , some are just plain strange.But one thing this movie does n't do is disappoint.If you are unsure , either download it from Amazon Unbox or rent the movie from your preferred renter , but definitely give this movie a shot , you may find , like me , that it will make a spot on your DVD shelf to call it 's home .
 `` Special '' -LRB- Magnet Films , 2009 -RRB- ----------------------------------- This is an intense , and rather depressing film about a mild-mannered Joe Schmoe -LRB- wonderfully played by Michael Rapaport -RRB- who thinks he has tapped into his hidden superpowers after he takes part in an experimental drug program . Is what he experiences real or not ? Well , the film actually answers this question immediately
 This is what I watch movies for . This is what keeps me searching through the endless piles of junk . This movie is a story that will linger . Completely memorable , and brilliant ! One of the best movies I 've seen in a while .
 The film is phenomenal . Rapaport delivers an almost unexpected dedicated and amazing performance . ` Special 's low budget is more than obvious , however , the sum is greater than the parts with this cinematic gem . This movie had me laughing , gasping , holding my breath and wiping my tears.The movie embodies many of the superhero myths , while also embracing the awkward , sardonic and melancholic mood of an independent film . Les Franken , a stereotypical comic fanboy , gains super abilities while taking an experimental anti-depressant . Les attempts heroism with a deceiving new lease on life , and ends up fighting in the most epic battle he 's ever faced , most of which takes place within his mind . His sense of reality and self is challenged in almost every way . Poor self-esteem being Les 's ultimate weakness , his ego is the only thing holding him back from facing down his antagonists and psychological demons.The film has a subtle message on the ethics of the pharmaceutical industry , or lack their of , but ` Special ' ends with a much more profound lesson about a man 's resolve . . the will to not be defeated , and what it means to be a hero , even if it 's just your own.Highly Recommended , But with a warning
 It 's not easy being special , but it is easier than being ordinary , than having to remind yourself day in and out that you do something important just to make it through the day.A small pharmaceutical company is testing a new drug that promises to make its users unique , and an ordinary guy -LRB- Michael Rappaport -RRB- signs up . He begins to notice changes very quickly , and is certain that with his new powers he can change the world . But not everyone wants him to have powers , and men in suits are out to get him ; even some of his friends refuse to believe in him when confronted with the evidence.This is a small and subtle film about an ordinary lonely guy who needs to believe in himself . Michael Rapaport is convincing in the lead role , though most of the other characters are underdeveloped . The story is novel and intelligent , thematically close to films likeTaxi Driver , with a lighter touch but a less assured tone and look . The settings and lighting are spare and appropriate , but the handheld camera seemed at odds with the formalistic and tight framing of the shots . Sometimes handheld lends an aura of authenticity - but here given the scarcity of camera movement , it seemed odd they did n't put the camera on a tripod.An intriguing character study , and a thoughtful exploration of the superhero genre ; well worth watching for those who like indie films .
 I only write reviews for things which I really love or really hate ! Needless to say -LRB- as my 5 stars indicate -RRB- , I really love this one ! I bought this for 2.99 when our local DVD rental store was having a sale . I fully expected that , like so many other movies on DVD , I would last about 5 min . and toss it . To my pleasant surprise this film kept surprising me . The acting is really great and the story line is engaging and very unique . The marketing people for this studio did n't do their job because this film deserves to be much more well known . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I purchased the European Release a long while ago , and this is a fantastic movie ! It 's funny and clever , you wo n't see it coming -LRB- regarding the cashier -RRB- , and suspenseful all in a very hectic sort of way . I really wish this film had more notoriety because I think that more people would benefit from viewing this film .
 The main character Les is such a nice guy that my heart really went out to him . He lives the type of responsible but mundane , and at times unfulfilling , life that many of us in Western culture can identify with . Suddenly , after participating in a drug study of a substance that is designed to `` remove self doubt '' , he 's been empowered with super-human abilities . His desire is to use them to help stop crimes and protect victims , which he does to various degrees of success . Our hero is kind and very persistant in pursuing what he believes is right despite other 's attempts to subdo his enthusiasm , prevent him from hurting himself , and/or stop him from drawing unwanted publicity to the drug in question.Overall a very clever , enjoyable movie with a thoughtful concept .
 You ca n't fail here , this show is very awsome ! I think it hits on everything you could want in a series about the early days of a young Vegas . A Must Watch ! I look forward to watching this for years !
 Good acting , especially by Dennis Quaid . Carrie-Anne Moss is va-va-voom ! It 's a very interesting period piece . I hope that it lasts for a long time .
 I thought it was great ! Ca n't wait to see the episodes following it . Have always loved Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis in just about everything they have acted in .
 The blurb up on the initial description has the stars wrong . Josh Duhamel and James Caan ? Woops!Fun to watch , the era is attractive .
 1/12/13 - very good evolution , including interaction -LRB- and a showdown -RRB- between the mob with the `` old guard '' -LRB- Mormon ranchers -RRB- . If you have not watch yet , catch up . Looking forward to the 2nd half of the season.NO SPOILERS : Of all the new programs circa 2012 , Vegas by far has the most impressive cast.Starting with movie actor Dennis Quaid , as the new Sheriff and Michael Chiklis -LRB- `` The Shield '' and `` The Commish '' -RRB- , as the mob boss who was sent to Vegas by the `` Outfit '' -LRB- Chicago Mob -RRB- because of his casino management experience in Cuba . Add to mix `` The Matrix 's '' Carrie-Ann Moss , as the sexy Assistant DA -LRB- a local that is back from a stint living in NYC -RRB- and fine character actor Jason O'Mara -LRB- `` Life on Mars '' -RRB- . Then there is Co-Producer Nicholas Pileggi -LRB- `` Goodfellas '' , `` Casino '' and `` American Gangster '' -RRB- With some latitude allowed , given the constraints of American Network TV , I still would liked to have seen more `` grit '' , as reflective of Vegas in the early 1960 's . By way of an example , premium cable does an excellent portrayal of Miami during the same timeframe with `` Magic City '' . It is a balancing act for sure , though considering that `` Vegas '' is not represented as a family show -LRB- 10:00 PM start time -RRB- , I am curious to see what liberties will be taken.With such a veteran cast , it could take some time for everyone to find their respective places . At the very least `` Vegas '' is worth gambling on -LRB- pun intended -RRB- additional episodes .
 Love the show , hope that it makes it for a second season . Love all the characters and think that they all do a great job with their characters CBS keep this show on the air
 Excellent show , deserves more than 5 stars . One of the best and dramas on television today . Actors & actresses are expertly chosen and show incredible talent . The attention to detail in every single scene by the costume & set designers is unparalleled . An captivating glimpse at 1960s Las Vegas !
 Love the show . Really like the 60 's feel to Vegas and all the actors . One of my favorite shows on TV . If CBS cancels this show then they only have NCIS & Blue Bloods worth watching .
 I chose to rate this show as a five-star because I 've always liked Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis , and they certainly do n't disappoint in this show . I absolutely love watching this show .
 I bought this episode because I like the series , and this episode in particular . This big gruff mean casino boss has a soft spot for a young girl he meets in the desert that reminds him of his own girls back in Chicago . Then when he gets back he is again , this gruff mean casino boss .
 Great story line , wonderful eye for details ie set and setting , acting is awesome , casting I love both the good and bad guys . The show ends and I can hardly wait till the next week . Best show I have seen in a long time . It 's a 5 star , scale 1-10 it 's an 11 .
 Police work in the raw . This series takes you back to the 60 's when police work was done with a lot of gut instinct . I love both of the lead protagonists . They have a kind of respect for one another , but wo n't hesitate to put one or the other down if need be . I live in Las Vegas and background scenery is spectacular . I hope another season is in the works .
 Trult enjoying the show . Love Chikliss and all is badness . He pulls.it off well . Quaid is a good sheriff persona as well . Old cars , my parents ' wardrobe , tantalizing story lines . I watch the series while working out . Energetic and immersing . Anticipating more good stuff .
 I love this show ! It started really slow , and took some time to get into . But now , I ca n't get enough of these characters . The writing is good , the acting is great ! The plots are intriguing .
 I love everything about this show . It 's Sopranos meets Gunsmoke . Its not the same old show . The story always leaves me wanting more . Give it a try . You will not be sorry .
 Love the glamour of old Vegas . When the law used common sense to administer justice . When ladies knew how to show off those hour glass figures . And Dennis Quaid ... perfect for the role .
 I like the setting of vegas in the 60 's with all the glamour and glitz along with the story line between savino and the sheriff . Great chracters and great story lines . Love it . !!! &#34;
 Great . Instant download . I would do it again . Great show . Love amazon and how easy it is to navigate the sight and complete an order .
 Best new show ! Love the characters . And how awesome was it to have your enemy killed by a cop so you look innocent ?
 I am so excited to be able to catch up on missed episodes by Amazon Instant Video . I think it 's just another awesome Amazon invention !!!
 Vegas is my favorite new show of the season . Dennis Quaid and Jason O'Mara star as a pair of cowboys who get roped into taking over the sheriff 's department after the mob plants the former sheriff in a hole in the ground . The show is set early in the 1960 's and the art and wardrobe departments did a spectacular job creating the look of the era.What makes it even more fun is when they play the glitz of the casinos against the cowboy hats and ranch-smarts of the Lamb brothers . If you like the pilot , stick around because you 'll love where the series goes from there .
 Vegas is a very interesting and well acted show , great scripts , Interesting setting . The brothers are charming , handsome and a good foil for the bad guys .
 One of the more compelling new dramas . I really look forward to watching this show during the week and enjoy the period drama . The acting is superb .
 I love this show , it looks like it is going to be cancelled , such a waste . If they 'd give it time , I think it would grow into a real hit . The story lines are engaging , the acting is wonderful . The premise is unique and interesting . Shows which are different need a time to grow , it is a pity this show will not be given that chance .
 Just when you think he 'll flip out his cell phone ... oops ! no cell phones in the 60 's . Really authentic . Clothes , sets , props and acting remind me of my childhood . Well done !
 I have been a big fan of michael chiklis over the years . I only watched this show to see if it was any good because michael chiklis is on the show . The show was great . This is my new favorite show . I hope they continue it for a few seasons . Lately new shows come out and they only last one season .
 the always excellent Dennis quaid finally moves into a tv series , after decades of leading man roles it was bound to happen and it happened in a good way ! With this solid tv show that returns viewers to a long ago vegas where the mafia really had alot of influence , they actually did n't control most of the casinos , they did control some of them though . Michael chiklis is a fine villian and this is almost as good as the 1980 's tv show that michael mann did . The show is a hit show and for good reason , it 's just a solid show with a solid storyline and exceptional film quality in cgi and studio set recreations . A + + .
 When the show first came out my husband started watching it and kept telling me how good it was . I did n't watch it because it starts at 10:00 p.m. My husband kept encouraging me to watch it so I purchased and watched the first episode . Wow . Good show . Dennis Quaid is just perfect as the crusty rancher-turned-sheriff going after the mobsters who are taking over Vegas . Michael Chiklis is the villain and plays the part to perfection . He 's a true mob guy but trying to be more than that since he apparently wants to make Vegas his permanent home . He 's a mobster trying to be a good guy too . After watching the first show , I immediately bought the 2nd , then the 3rd and 4th . I was addicted . I bought them all and look forward to each new episode to see who gets killed and how Sheriff Lamb and his brother and son along with the assitant DA solve these murders .
 This is the best show , historically , that I have seen in the last couple of years . This is in regards to TV shows . I love the chemistry between Dennis Quad & Jason O'Mara -LRB- as native Nevada / Las Vegas -RRB- and Michael Chiklis -LRB- as the Mobster -RRB- . This is one of my favorite shows .
 Our tv viewing time is limited . We have both Vegas & Elementary going into our Amazon.com Digital Library and watch both via Roku . Sad to read that Vegas is being cancelled . The 60 's abiance is spot on . The relationship between Quaid & Chiklis the good guy and the bad guy all the while coy on the surface , is deadly as a snake . Quaid does his share of blowing everyone away , guess there just was n't enough blood .
 Great show and the video streaming is qualityGreat show and the video streaming is qualityGreat show and the video streaming is quality
 The perfect blend of fifties gangsters meet rough and tumble rancher brothers turned lawmen in early Vegas . Out of town mob interests , back stabbing side deals , murder , shady politicians , murder , love interest , gangster 's daughter meets deputy , murder , this show has it all !
 Great quality awesome show will continue to watch movies / shows on Amazon . I shop almost everything on Amazon and like everything else very easy and very happy . Thank you Sal
 If you like a historical novel you will love this program ... the stories are real from the REAL history of Las Vegas , the actors look and ACT like the people they are portraying and the costumes and cars and backgrounds are authintic for the years , it is really welll done ... I know I lived the era!It is fun , exciting , down to earth and as real as can be ... and since Ralph Lamb was one of my favorite people , of course , so is the show about his life as sheriff of my town .
 This is a story of how Vegas was formed & fought for by the law and the mob . It is in the mode of an old west tale but with all the retro fittings & style of the 50 's . Which makes it interesting to the mind & fun to the eye . Well acted , superbly directed & filmed .
 I like the attention to detail -LRB- takes place in the early ' 60 's -RRB- on the sets and props . The acting is excellent ! My favorite show .
 Great casting and the storyline becomes more interesting with each episode . Pulling for the Lamb family and even tolerating the mobster due to his soft side .
 I 've been watching this on Amazon Instant video because it 's on too late for me ... I get up at 5:30 on work days . I was n't sure I was going to like it at first , but as the relationships developed & Dennis Quaid stopped scowling so much , it 's grown on me . The bad guys are n't always so bad & the good guys are n't always so good & everybody is about as un-PC as you can get . It 's grown on me and is a great relief from the sanitized view of most TV these days when juvenile sex gags & humiliation pass for comedy and nobody dare offend anyone while offending everyone .
 I like this show it 's real good . I think one of best shows on tv right now . Because it show back 60 when mob run las Vegas .
 i love the show for dennis quaid , jason o'meara and michael chilkas and the old 60 's theme and the old cars
 Enjoyed this show will definitely stay tuned for the next episodes . Really like Dennis Quaid and he is excellent for his part . Ca n't wait till next week !
 Really enjoy the whole retro look , and idea.Great show great cast . Enjoy the interaction between the characters . T V needs more character driven dramas . Love the visuals on this show .
 I love this show , it 's my favorite - the 60 's costumes are fantastic and I love to see what everyone is wearing.It blends Vegas , handsome cowboys , georgeous women , gangsters and Frank Sinatra . What could be betterthan that ? Dennis Quaid is my favorite - love his personality and &#34; honest , cowboy &#34; attitude . I hopethey never take this show off the air - I would be heartbroken !
 I have been reading where Vegas has been cancelled . I am sorry especially if they leave it hanging . There are shows that are a lot worse than Vegas . I say they should give it a chance .
 Love this show !!! Ca n't get enough . Vegas is the best show to come along in a long time . thank you !
 it is fast moving & interestingthere is a mix of charactersthat keep you interestedthe episodes are different
 Great series featuring the beginnings of Las Vegas . Dennis Quaid is delightful as the Sheriff and I got ta love the mobsters too .
 The tv show is great!Buy from iTunes if you want to play through your tv!Amazon made me install an update to watch , and once I did , amazon blocked the signal to my HDMI cord .
 Amazon service and playback works great . The show I like but I have a soft spot for period pieces . The story lines are predictable but in a good way .
 I love Vegas because it is really getting exciting and ca n't get enough when it is live so need to watch taped versions also . I also love Jason O'Mara and would follow him in any show he is in .
 Love it !!! Really hope they do n't cancel it . A lot of new shows barely make it a season before being cancelled and hope this will not be one of them .
 Great series ! Great writing ! The characters really stay in the 60 's focus.I did not watch Vegas until a friend asked me if I was watching and told me how good he thought this series was . It IS extremely good ! Dennis Quaid is the perfect actor to portray Sheriff Lamb.I downloaded the whole season -LRB- rental -RRB- from Amazon for about $ 19.00 . I have one more episode to view . I will surely DVR this series when it returns on cable !
 One of Troma Films ' better movies !! If you ca n't find a hardcopy or do n't want to pay over $ 100 for one , this is the way to go , or go Trims Films and get a digital download for $ 1.99 . Not sure if the Troma digital download can be played on the Kindle .
 This movie has it all ! Kung fu fights , wisecracking ugly guys , and an Elvis impersonator . Basically , these guys took an old 70 's kung fu flick and dubbed over all the dialogue . Hilarity ensues as our hero tries to beat up the ugly guys and get the girl . If you liked that movie , `` Kung Pow
 I first watched this movie on cable several years ago with my brother and have waited for it to be on DVD . Like the other reviews - this is an old kung fu movie dubbed not like most kung fu movies - where all is supposed to be serious but this time in the Troma tradition for the fun of it . If you watch it you too will chant `` Tuna Melt Tuna Melt '' or `` Unganda no Ugaanda '' . The perverted little brother , the lead actress ' foul mouthed mother , Elvis , fish face woman , the farts when wrestling and of course the burping woman who hums . This movie is one of the few where I fell off the couch laughing so hard . This is the funniest movie I have ever seen . Too good .
 THIS Film IS rated - even though the amazon description above says it is not ... and it is definetly R ! I bought this , thinking mild sex and fart jokes -LRB- ala Kung Pow humor -RRB- but was surprised to find so many obscenities and overt sexual references . I 'm not a prude , but I 'd hoped to share this with my preteens ... NO WAY ! It IS hilarious , however , so if you do n't have young kids around , ENJOY !
 This movie is absolutely hilarious . Dubbed over -LSB- -RSB- flicks are always entertaining but this is just absurd . Many many fart and sex jokes thrown in and -LRB- perversions aside -RRB- the script makes completely no sense . Fortunately , this happens to work for this movie . A must have for anyone who loves little unknown gems of movies .
 I have seen this movie before , but I read a review -LRB- and I think it may have been here -RRB- that suggested Woody Allens ' `` What 's Up Tiger Lilly '' was a better example of this film genre . WRONG ! Woody Allens ' film is a James Bond knockoff , which means no real martial arts action , just halting , no contact , 1950s hollywood fight choreography . It is silly , but moves so slowly that its `` humor/time '' ratio is much lower than this film.I do n't really want to rip `` What 's Up Tiger Lilly '' , but I regard my purchase of it -LRB- in place of this film -RRB- to be a mistake .
 This was a fun addition to the Bob the Builder series and were episodes that I had not seen before . I always have enjoyed this series due to the great relationships and friendship messages that it promotes overall and these episodes were no different ! The DVD is well put together and as always the artwork is flawless ! I highly recommend this DVD to one and all !
 This is the CGI version of Bob and despite that drawback , it was still lots of fun for my little one .
 It reminds of real diggers , real dump trucks , real cement mixers , real steamrollers , real cranes , real cherry pickers real building sites
 I really wanted to see the entire process for both fiddle and mandolin . What 's here , given the time constraints of television , was great though . We need more videos like this .
 Hands down the best SNL episode of our generation today.Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake 's music video '' -LRB- blank -RRB- in a Box '' won an Emmy for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics . An uncensored version has been viewed more than 5,747,734 times on YouTube.Another skit where they goof on The Descent -LRB- movie -RRB- is also very funny.Highly recommend any SNL with JT in it , it will always be funny . Justin has proven to be not only a great singer/songwriter but an excellent actor as well.Appears to be missing some sketches , but I lucked out and got all the sketches I wanted in it .
 Justin Timberlake is one talented guy , and to top it off , he seems to be enjoying every second of what he does . SNL has been really good for the past 10 years , with Tina Fey , and then Seth Myers as head writers . Kristin Wiig was a hoot . Ca n't say that this current season is measuring up , though . But Justin has hosted some of the best episodes ever !
 Excellent item ! This is really an amazing item that anyone can buy for their own personal spare time and pleasure . .
 If you have a good sense of humor and you need a video for ALE , you might want to check out this particular episode .
 Everything on the show was a hit ! This should be on DVD for the whole show ! Homelessville , D * $ k in a box , target sketch , the girl and her mom auditioning doing the chicken noodle soup , I could go on & on
 Fond Memories of after school movies and rainy days flooded me as I watched these moldy oldies again . Sure they both stink and are bottom of the barrel sci-fi movies , but I happen to like the bottom of this barrel very much.The feeling of being a kid again as I watched these with my sons was great and even though they said the fx 's were bad , they had fun with the movie . Not for all taste , but if you grew up in the 60 's and 70 's or you are a young person looking for some cheesy fun you can stop looking and get this set .
 Of the two movies on this disc , `` Invisible Invaders '' is definitely the better of the two . John Carradine always does such excellent work in these movies and his deep voice adds terror to the movie . `` Journey to the Seventh Planet '' was quite different from anything that I had ever seen . The beautiful women angle wears out fast for a woman watching the movie now . It was poignant for a short time when the captain was not able to bring his dream back to reality .
 What can one say about old Sci Fi movies . You either love them or you hate them . I love them . The extremely limited special effects that they had to work with make these guys the real pros . Not these newer ones with all the computer graphics to work with . My hat is off to the George Pals and the other greats of their time .
 DVD plays great . But would like to see ALL these 1950 's and 60 's Sci-Fi movies go BlueRay .
 this was a low budget film , but for it 's time i found it to be scary , viewed this film at the age of nine and kept me awake . took notice a crash sequence was borrowed from another film . this movie is well worth purchasing for zombie movie fan 's .
 man i love old and crappy 50 's sci fi films like these.bad acting , crappy special effects.A great film to watch with friens on a friday or a saturday night .
 At last , the `` Sid Pink Trilogy '' is available on DVD ! Sid got his ticket punched when his `` Angry Red Planet '' did well at the Saturday-matinee box office , and went on to direct the -LRB- in -RRB- famous `` Reptilicus '' . -LRB- See my reviews of THOSE two , also here on Amazon . -RRB- Enamored with the Danish locations of that film epic , Pink decided his next film , `` Journey to the 7th Planet '' , would be made there , too . The entire film was shot on a 22 by 44 foot soundstage -LRB- except for the stock footage and `` special effects '' -RRB- for a total cost of $ 75,000 - and $ 25,000 of that went to Agar and the female lead , Gretta Thyssen ! As a result , we get a spaceship with a wood-plank floor , a few scrap ejection seats , and LOTS of primary-color displays . Pink picked Uranus as the destination because he believed that it was unknown enough that he could depict ANY sort of environment and be able to get away with it . The plot owes a lot to Ray Bradbury 's short story `` Mars is Heaven ! '' , wherein the crew of a ship landing on Mars is greeted by family and relatives in an old-fashioned front-porch-and-lemonade village . In `` Journey '' , the crew meets up with assorted Danish femme fatales in a thatched-roofs-and-cocoa Danish village , all manifestations of a giant cave-dwelling brain intent on hitching a ride back to Earth with the ship . Fans of `` Reptilicus '' will recognize most of the rest of the cast , all of whom needed to have their voices dubbed because of their Danish accents . Superb print , outstanding rendering of the hallucinatory color schemes , and great fun all around . `` Invisible Invaders '' was entirely new to me , and if you excised the stock footage , the film would be about 20 minutes long . Although willowy John Carradine gets top billing and a prominent feature on the cover , he 's on-screen for less than 2 minutes . After being killed in an explosion at an atomic-weapons plant , invisible aliens who have been living on the moon for 20,000 years take over his body -LRB- as if there would be anything left to take over . -RRB- Hey , * I * did n't write it , OK ? These `` invisible invaders '' shuffle around looking for corpses to inhabit so that they can carry out nefarious deeds of sabotage , since they do n't actually have any weapons of their own . It 's up to John Agar -LRB- wearing an ill-fitting flight suit and a flight cap seventeen sizes too small for him -RRB- and co-star Philip Tonge to find a way to defeat these poseurs from their underground bunker -LRB- actually the same cave in Bronson Canyon that `` Robot Monster '' was filmed in ! -RRB- Again , a really nice , clean print -LRB- except for the stock footage , which varies wildly in quality -RRB- and a painless way to pass an hour . Recommended for all you fans of John Agar * and * the immortal Sid Pink.Just one question - why is there an empty pair of shoes on the cover of the DVD case ?
 A two-for-one send up of silly b-movies . Alien invaders and space exploration make up the themes of these tales of exploration and caution.Invisible Invaders si about some aliens who have made themselves and their stuff invisible . Atomic testing on Earth has pushed them to wanting to take over the Earth from their nearby base on the moon . They will use the bodies of the dead to further their plans . Either Earth must surrender or they will destroy all humans . John Carradine is excellent as an animated corpse . Although he is only on screen for a short time , his voice is used for most of the alien communications . A small group in a scientific bunker must find a way to stop the invaders before all humans are killed.Seventh Planet has a UN exploration team in 2001 traveling to Uranus to search for life . None has been found on the nearer planets . When the arrive they find themselves in a small region of German forest complete with village and beautiful women . But the real answers lie on the real surface of the planet . It was funny to see then traipsing though a forest and claim they still had not found any life -LRB- talk about not seeing the forest for the trees -RRB- . The pseudo Earth history is laughable at this time and sexism is very strong . But it still has its moments with monsters , special effects , and outrageously bright color added because its in color -LRB- I love the spider with mustard and ketchup for blood -RRB- . B-movie fans should rejoice to get two movies for a reasonable price . The only disadvantage of this DVD is that each film is on a different side so you ca n't watch them straight through . But it does mean that the picture quality is very good . The only special features are subtitles and the original trailers .
 This is a wonderful double dose of silly sci-fi features from 1959 and 1962 , the golden era of the genre . John Agar is a principal in both , and in both cases plays his role in his typical , formulaic , yet understated , way while chaos erupts around him and he takes on various monsters , including one with a `` honeycomb cyclops brain '' . In `` Invisible Invaders '' invisible invaders from the moon take over the corpse of scientist John Carradine who brings extra-terrestrial warnings from space to the protagonists of the film . -LRB- We also get to thrill to many Carradine voiceovers . -RRB- The Earth is engulfed in a stock footage war , but fortunate for us all , the brilliant cast is able to figure out not only how to make the aliens visible -LRB- it involves a latex bath , in part -RRB- but how to destroy them as well . -LRB- Whew ! -RRB- In `` Journey to the Seventh Planet '' John Agar and friends venture to Uranus in a ridiculously roomy spacecraft and discover lots of hilarious stock footage monsters -LRB- I am especially fond of the spider -RRB- and a brilliant opponent that can alter nature based on the memories of the humans . It is like a more primitive episode of `` Star Trek '' featuring John Agar as Kirk . This one is hysterical . It is set in the peaceful world of 2001 , which is ruled by the brilliant and wise United Nations , and where everyone is happy and prosperous and there is no more war . -LRB- I will pause to let you collect yourselves now
 INVISIBLE INVADERS `` stars '' John Carradine as a scientist who blows himself up , only to be re-animated / possessed by an invisible alien entity . He is used as a messenger to warn earth of an impending invasion . Well , the `` invasion '' mostly consists of stock footage of buildings burning or crumbling . The highlight has the dead rising from their graves , shambling along somewhat convincingly . Yep , it 's a zombie holocaust ! Meanwhile , another scientist , his cute daughter , her whiney boyfriend , and an army major -LRB- John Agar -RRB- seal themselves in an underground facility and frantically search for a way to thwart the alien onslaught . Not bad . JOURNEY TO THE SEVENTH PLANET has John Agar again . This time he 's a captain Kirkish astronaut on a UN -LRB- ?! -RRB- space mission in that distant year 2001 . With his commander and crew of bumpkins , Agar sets out to explore the planet Uranus . Unbeknownst to them , a strange lifeform -LRB- aka
 The movies were first rate , cheesy 50 's sci-fi . John Agar is a caliber acting in B films . Still worth the time though . However , Amazon 's shipping is the worst . In-stock means it will be available in 2-3 weeks before they ship it out . Plus they ignore emails . Next time , I 'll use their competitors .
 i love these old B Movies . I remember watching these films many years ago and it ; s a pleasure to see them again .
 Exactly what I expected . DVD was great quality & arrived on time . Invisible Invaders is one of those low-budget , campy 1950s , cold-war era Sci Fi movies that I love to watch . Journey to the Seventh Planet was the `` side B '' , poor 1960s Sci Fi flick that came with it . However , ` Journey ' may appeal to fans of the old Star Trek , as it contains themes that appear again in the series .
 Saw this when I was just a kid . Finally got my own copy . A good addition if you like `` B '' rated sci-fi movies .
 OK , they 're both trashy . Still , the wonderfully self-gratuitous John Agar is here ... TWICE !! `` Invisible Invaders '' is silly , but the transfer to DVD is quite good . John Carradine must 've thought this was the end of his career , and it 's a shame . He had a few decent performances left in him . But , with the help of Edward L.Cahn -LRB- often referred to as Ed Wood 's less-talented little brother -RRB- , he had nothing to do but glower and look tired . It 's silly , and like all Cahn films , loads of trashy fun . I saw `` Journey to the 7th Planet '' as a kid , and not since . It 's really not that bad , with a terrific premise . Unfortunately , the monsters and sci/fi stuff look mostly fake . There was a slight moment when the cyclops monster appeared and thought there might be a Ray Harryhausen moment -LRB- great stop-motion photography -RRB- but it only lasted a few seconds . Filmed in Denmark , with a Danish cast -LRB- all dubbed -RRB- , Agar had an almost interesting role . He played second fiddle , and had a chance to actually give some character to the role . The women were absolutely gorgeous , starting with the lovely Greta Thyssen and not ending there . The plot , though contrived , was actually quite interesting in premise , a trip to Uranus and the concept of what was encountered . Like I said , I saw it as a kid and somehow always remembered this film and its idea . It 's silly , fun & entertaining . Once again , I applaud MGM 's `` Midnite Movies '' series for bringing more trashy fun to my house , and at a good price . -LRB- `` Journey '' has a nice 1.85:1 Widescreen -RRB- .
 Invisible Invaders is the better of the two . Aliens take control of the dead -LRB- Plan 9 ? -RRB- and attempt to control earth . Agar -LRB- Major Jay -RRB- and some scientists work feverishly to find a way to stop the invasion . Good 50 's sci-fi . However ... Journey to the Seventh Planet lacked the substance to be proclaimed `` good '' but is a fair bowl of popcorn , late night , sci-fi spoof about a creature bringing the space explorers memories/fantasies to life as he plots to come to earth for a takeover . What it lacks in action it somewhat compensates in the humor dept. I also saw a familiar spider and heard familiar spider `` noises '' which im convinced were `` borrowed '' from Earth vs. the Spider . All in all a good package for the price of admition .
 The Invisible Invaders was one of many Science fiction films , that was unique in it 's story line were invaders came to earth to conquer it by their taking over the bodies of dead people , to destroy the living , who in turn would add to the ranks of the dead invasion force used by the invisible invaders as they wrecked havoc upon the cities of the world . As with most Scifi films of this Era it was a reflection of America 's fears of communism , and the possible takeover of the USA by the Soviets .
 The prolific Edward L. Cahn 's `` Invisible Invaders '' was released a few months before Ed Wood 's infamous `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' and in many ways is similar to it , right down to its Cold War anti-nuclear message . Physicist Adam Penner -LRB- Philip Tonge , featured in `` House of Wax '' and `` Macabre '' -RRB- objects to the arms race . Sound familiar ? When his colleague Karol Noymann -LRB- John Carradine , here in basically a cameo appearance -RRB- is killed in a nuclear accident , he resigns from the federal `` Atom Commission . '' After Noymann 's funeral , an invisible emissary from an interplanetary dictatorship with a long-standing base on earth 's moon reanimates the scientist 's body and issues Penner an ultimatum
 Critics continue to bash `` Journey '' unmercifully but it 's one of my childhood favorites . Many have described the plot in detail so I 'll forego a plot description and instead describe the effect it had on me . I saw the film the first week it opened in 1962 at the 1200-seat Palace Theater which was packed , and hearing the audience reactions both during and after the film , many appeared to enjoy it . I was 11 at the time and that cyclops dinosaur creature scared the heck out of me ! And judging by the screams it scared many others as well . The giant spider crushed by the falling boulder was a hoot ! The film was mesmerizing and entertaining throughout . Even the romantic `` Journey '' ballad sung over the end credits is a treat . I enjoyed the film so much I followed it to the second run theaters , and then convinced my parents to take me when it opened at the drive-ins . Its many critics fail to realize that it was basically aimed at the teen and pre-teen market which I believe it satisfied very well . It was certainly new and offbeat for its time with beautiful color , swirling psychedelic patterns , and that weird compelling music which suited the film perfectly -LRB- yes , I realize a good portion of the music was n't composed for the film but was culled from various sources -RRB- . When viewed today some of the acting -LRB- though not all of it -RRB- admittedly leaves a little to be desired , and the special effects and sets are not of the highest calibre . But none of this was apparent through the eyes of an 11-year-old in 1962 as the sets and effects were certainly ominous looking . Although even back then I did think it was strange when the actors spoke and their lips fit the words perfectly in some scenes but not in others.Upon their first viewing of the film the honchos at American International deemed it `` unreleasable '' in the U.S. . The entire film was redubbed , and scenes of the original Danish monsters were apparently so poor they were cut and replaced by two new creatures AIP considered more marketable for American audiences . The original music score was entirely replaced as well . Somewhere in some vault lies a print of the original uncut Danish version that I 'd love to see.I was lucky enough to meet John Agar at a Hollywood Autograph Show shortly before he passed away in 2002 . I asked if he enjoyed making Journey to the Seventh Planet , and he said yes , very much so . He also mentioned he took the family along and they all had a great time vacationing in Denmark while he made the film.Journey to the Seventh Planet should be enjoyed for what it is - a very low budget but imaginative and colorful space adventure . The print used for the DVD is a beauty with rich vivid colors and a sharp image . I have n't yet watched Invisible Invaders so I can not offer a thumbs up or down on this one . But it does star the great John Agar !
 The Invisible Invaders is an early zombie type of story with the aliens invading dead bodies . It 's a cold war movie , so of course they want to take over the world . It was engaging and creepy enough to watch more than once.Where ever did someone find Journey to the Seventh Planet ? By the odd way some words are pronounced it was n't made in America . It was imaginative , however , some of the plot was copped later by the writers of the origial Star Trek . Lonely alien on Uranus seeks playmates to help it get to Earth . It creates places for astronauts to interact with women from their past . See
 this is being re issued as a 4 movie set mgm has released the double feature discs in a new package that has these movies bundled with another double feature set in one case . still midnight movies but a 4 movie set all the double features are being combined better deal .
 The clarity of both pictures where very good.One could see everything very clearly and of course I enjoyed both of them.Brought back `` old times '' for me.Anyone that is collecting `` old sci-fi '' movies on dvd will I am sure enjoy these two .
 Here 's another fine effort by Edward L. Cahn , involving invisible aliens that take over the bodies of mostly well-dressed middle-class men . -LRB- And you feared you 'd not get good use from that rented funeral suit -RRB- . It all begins when John Carradine gets blown to bits in his lab after a failed nuclear experiment . Nevermind he had to have been reduced to split atoms , those Invisibles someway cleverly reconstruct his body and procure him as their prophet of doom . Tell Washington what we 're up to , Carradine-ala-Invader intones , or within 24 hours we 'll unleash total mayhem . Well , Washington ignores the obvious and mayhem totally unleashes . Earth is terrorized , or rather stock footage of earthly disasters which appears all the more alarming as they are , indeed , genuinely frightening actual disaster footage.To the rescue come two scientists , a daughter of a scientist -LRB- Jean Byron -RRB- , and Major Bruce Jay -LRB- John Agar -RRB- . They hide out in an underground bunker and fiddle with all sorts of dial-up knob-twisting technology and beakers of bubbly potions and steaming brews while peering worriedly at a closed-circuit television screen showing shots of the lurching undead gathering round their hideout preparing for attack . Nothing avails to cease the lurching crowd , until a disaster almost strikes within the bunker itself . I hate to spoil the ending , but an astute viewer shall catch definite shades of GHOSTBUSTERS within it . Saved in the nick of time , and the Nations of Earth learn their lessons and vow to quit all those silly nuclear experiments lest something like this happen again.Certainly this premise must have appeared unsettling to audiences of the era . The atom bomb did threaten , the cold war was hot , and who knew what aliens lurked beyond suburbia ? All in all , I maintain a healthy respect for Cahn and his subject matter . He worked the topics of the day with a sort of stylish , intelligent action-packed low-budget class . I also hold a notable respect for the scientist 's daughter ~ never once was she seen with a hair out of place or mussed makeup . No matter how many pots of coffee she served up , or notes she had to take down in her white lab coat , or miles she put in behind the wheel of that truly cool vintage Invisible-Invader-bustermobile .
 I remember seing this movie when I was 7 or 8 years old , it terrified me then , but it does n't get played much on t.v.This movie if you watch it , shows us all where the ideas came from for those wonderful vombie movies like night , dawn and day of the dead . sheer fun to watch , laughable and creepie.I highly recomend this great B movie .
 Journey to the 7th Planet : A United Nation exploration team lands on Uranus and discovers that a `` brain '' rules the planet . This brain uses the memories from the team 's mind to create images for them to experience while on Uranus -LRB- e.g. one finds a replica of his village , one that is scared of rats finds a giant one , and or course they all meet their girlfriends . -RRB- Invisible Invaders : The Invisible Invaders have been on the moon -LRB- of all places -RRB- for 20,000 years and have decided to take over the Earth unless it 's surrenders immediately . Well the Earth does not surrender and the Invaders arrive and start taking over human corpses . These corpses march all over the countryside reeking havoc , and taking over bodies as people are killed . The day is saved when John Agar uses a high frequency sound device to drive the invaders out of the corpses .
 Just because a critic does n't like a movie and has to vent his/her opinion on it , does not mean that the entire movie-going public has to hate it either . Not many critics liked Wild , Wild , West , but I , and many other people enjoyed it . Same with a smile like yours . If at times it became hokey or even suggestive , it does n't matter because in my view it was very well done and meaningful . It shows what people are willing to do for love because of how powerful love truly is . When the gynecologyst put that huge , curved instrument into Lauren Holly 's nether-region , that took love on her character 's part .
 I just fell in love with this movie the first time I seen it . I love Greg Kinnear and Lauren Holly in it .
 I love this movie and thought it was so cute and entertaining . I love the song A Smile Like Yours as well . This movie is really adorable .
 There have been some negative reviews written on this page.I went ahead and bought the movie found it to be excellent.I understand its not to be sold to anyone under 18 .
 A delightful film . A little overboard with the big needle in one scene . I am ordering the DVD because I really liked this film . Thank-you
 An amazing documentary focusing on a facinating , over-looked segment of WWII history . The pivotal air battles of Europe and the Pacific could not have been fought without the heroics and sacrifice of these outstanding women . Beautifully produced , this film exposes the viewer to a story that you will not forget ... Ever ! Well-done !
 A wonderful film about an amazing woman . The story of the Woman 's Airforce Service Pilots is a piece of lost history that every young person should learn.Wings of Silver
 From 1936 ... `` The Secret Agent '' . You 'll find Hitch 's unique sense of humor well integrated with the suspense and his definitive style , in this terrific film about espionage at the onset of WWI . A reluctant spy is recruited to kill an enemy spy . He is given a false name and a fake wife to keep up appearances . He goes after the target , but does he have the right man ? Could there be another who is the real culprit ? And what a cast . . John Gielgud stars with Madeline Carroll , Robert Young and Peter Lorre -LRB- fabulous as always -RRB- as his very strange accomplice.Other notables to look for include Lilli Palmer and Michael Redgrave.There are several studio editions to chose from . Sometimes the reviews for the different editions are lumped together . I am reviewing the edition put out by Platinum Disc -LRB- It has the ASIN B00005A0QH in the product info , or enter in search to find it -RRB- . The transfer of this 70 year old film by Platinum is decent , but probably not as good as some of the more expensive editions . The picture is nice and clear but there are quite a few scratches.The sound in Dolby Dig is clear and distinguishable . I did find it to be very viewable and perfectly enjoyable.It includes a short trivia quiz of the film , a bio of Sir John Gielgud and a few chapter stops.It comes in a nice jewel case , with an insert that also includes the same extras that are on the disc . It is available from the outside sellers at a reasonable price at this time.Where 's Hitch ... alas , there seems to be no appearance by Sir Alfred here.I would recommend this edition of `` Secret Agent '' to Hitch fans who want to build up their collection without spending too much.enjoy ... Laurie
 I quite enjoyed this old movie from 1936 . It must have been one of the finest movies of the day . But what exactly would Marvin do in Constantinople . I guess we must look that up in Maugham 's novel .
 What a lovely movie from the Hitchcock early years . What is Robert Young doing as a bad guy , though ? Peter Lorre is hilarious !!! John Guilgud and Madeleine Carroll are well matched .
 `` But your wife , she 'll wonder what happened to her poor little General . '' -- Peter Lorre to John GielgudThis most enjoyable film made in Britain before Hitchcock came to Hollywood certainly deserves more accolades than it has gotten over the years . It really is n't that far behind 39 Steps , The Lady Vanishes , and Young and Innocent in either quality or entertainment . Set during the first world war , Somerset Maugham 's novel of spies sent to ferret out and eliminate another spy has romance and humor and some real excitement in Hitchcock 's hands.John Gielgud comes home from the war and discovers he 's been reported dead . He discovers it was intentional , his cover so he can become Ashenden , and eliminate a very dangerous German spy causing the good guys a lot of trouble . While it 's deadly serious business , it gets a bit more pleasant when he discovers in Switzerland that the beautiful and elegant Elsa Carrington -LRB- Madeleine Carroll -RRB- is to pose as his wife and help him in his mission.Hitchcock counters the more serious business with a likable Robert Young as Marvin , pursuing romance with Elsa despite her marital status . It is handled with great charm and a sense of fun . Ashenden 's other partner is General , played in an over-the-top manner by Peter Lorre . He is more comical than sinister , spending most of his time trying to romance anything in a dress , and quite upset that Ashenden has the fake wife while he has nada.Elsa falls for her pretend husband , of course , and when the amoral General mistakingly kills the wrong man , a crisis of conscience occurs for both she and Ashenden , who decide to break off this ugly business and go back . But when he and General discover who the real spy is , they must pursue him because Elsa is in danger . The train station scene and everything that follows is classic Hitchcock . While it does n't have quite the tension of 39 Steps , or the charm of Young and Innocent , it has a blend between the two which is very enjoyable.Perhaps because it is set during WW I it does n't connect as much as it should for some viewers . It is quite fabulous in its own way , however , and fans of Hitchcock 's early British films will certainly find it appealing . Fans of the lovely Madeleine Carroll will be pleased to discover she is much more in the center of things from the very beginning than in 39 Steps , in which she is also marvelous . The Westlake print is both decent and watchable if unspectacular . A real winner .
 We love old movies and enjoyed this one . It had a surprise ending . We will be watching it several times .
 An early Hitchcock yarn where people pretend in what 's labeled as a spy thriller , during or soon before World War I . The film is confusing at times , and I think that 's mainly due to the poor quality of the DVD . Even though the case proclaims clean master and special features , my DVD contained only the film , no special features and the black & white was full of specks and dark patches . The audio was quite poor and the British accents made it hard to hear.Despite these difficulties , Hitchcock 's early films reflect what he would later incorporate into his successful American films for Hollywood . A man is made to appear to have been killed when he in fact goes undercover . He meets a woman who is to be his `` wife '' , a philanderer -LRB- Peter Lorre -RRB- who pretends to be Mexican but is in fact a ruthless killer -LRB- he cackles when he kills , even if it is the wrong man -RRB- , and tends to overact the part . This is supposed to be for humorous effect but came across forced and silly.There is a love affair of sorts where the woman spy who is pretending to be a wife actually falls for the guy . Meantime the guy wants out of the spy business but decides to go at it one more time with deadly results . John Gielgud pulls off an understated performance that is charming as well as sincere.The American actor Robert Young -LRB- way too much eye make-up there , Bob ! -RRB- makes an early appearance as the flirtatious `` ugly American '' who vies for the woman spy 's affections -LRB- to little effect -RRB- . But there is much more to Robert 's character than it appears . Hitchcock brings off the big reveal in the last 20 minutes of the film in some pretty horrific train crash scenes.The film 's production values are top-notch - use of crowds in moving the story along , the unusual camera angles and close-ups keep the viewer interested , and the excellent tool of light and shadow Hitch learned from his silent movie-making days makes for a technically excellent film , if a somewhat fair story.There are a few plot holes in the story too , though I may have missed the tie-up due to poor quality - the beginning of the film has a one-armed man who fakes the spy 's death -LRB- novelist Nolan -RRB- but it 's hard to figure out how he fits into the story . We never see him again!Bottom Line
 As one reviewer points out , different editions of the film will have been seen by different reviewers . What I saw was excellent The best advice I can give a viewer is to ignore any of we reviewers and see the film regardless of what any of us may say . It is a manual of screen style , a fascinating look at common attitudes toward was , in the period between WW1 and WW2 , and a chance to see a great stage actor , one of the top names in character acting of his day , and one of the most glamorous blondes of the period . There is nothing high-tech about it , but Hitchcock displays his maturing skills with his evocation of The Railroad and many of the scenic encounters developed in the silent era , but now accompanied by a complementary sound track . Lilli Palmer , one of the truly beautiful actresses of her day , shows no sign of it in her billed , but easily overlooked , bit role . Robert Young does a good job in one of his earliest roles , one of the few that allowed him a few minutes of serious actingThe story , based on a very popular novel by Somerset Maugham , is trimmed to a neat central plot
 This was a gift to my brother and he is in love with this . its a great classic .
 SECRET AGENT was Hitchcock 's follow-up to the hugely successful THE 39 STEPS , and continues that film 's explorations of moral ambiguity and instability of identity . A very young John Gielgud portrays Edgar Brodie , an English soldier whose identity is deliberately eliminated by the government so his talents may be put to use as a professional spy under the name of Richard Ashenden . His mission
 I enjoyed the film , but the image and audio are really pretty bad . It 's not Amazon 's fault , it 's just that the movie needs to be restored . I bought a set of early Hitchcock films on DVD and it does n't look much better on the DVD than it did with Amazon 's streaming video . Definitely worth a watch if you 're a Hitchcock fan and want to see some of his earlier work , though it 's not nearly as good as &#34; The 39 Steps &#34; or &#34; The Lady Vanishes , &#34; both of which are available in excellent restorations .
 For those late Saturday nights , when all you want to do is watch a good classic thriller with the family , there is really nothing to compare with a good Alfred Hitchcock movie . In secret agent , a young soldier is summoned by his superiors , and finds out that he has been listed in the newspapers as having been killed in action . John Gielgud is excellent in this role , and is complimented by the lovely Madeleine Carroll , a thrill seeking agent who stars as his `` wife '' . Robert Young , more known for his roles in musicals and a few crime dramas , plays the part of an American , and the `` third man '' in this movie , invoking more than a passing interest in Carroll . The plot twists and turns are well worked out , and the whole movie is worth watching . Peter Lorre is especially at his best , as a bloodthirsty Spanish agent working with Gielgud and Carroll . If you are a fan of Hitchcock films , then I would recommend that you add this movie to your collection .
 This is the best quality DVD I have yet to find of this movie.Still . . one night scene on a lake briefly becomes hard to watch.However , the copy is still acceptable in quality until a restored release , if it ever happens , is released.The DVD appears full in length.The movie has all the early Hitchcock touches : the crafted use of sound in pivotal scenes , -LRB- as his teacher , Lang , did , most notably in his Testament of Dr. Mabuse -RRB- , the use of minature models , -LRB- which I enjoy , especially when obvious but still well done . It is sooo much better then mismatched stock footage insertions -RRB- , and the use of excellent and interesting actors . Here we have a young pre-Sir John Guilguld , as well as a young Peter Lorre in his second role for Hitchcock -LRB- having just flown in from America after doing the remake of the Hands of Dr. Orlac in Hollywood -RRB- , to play a cartoon skirt chasing mustachioed Mexican contract killer working for the government character ... really . Presumably , this time Lorre understood the actual meaning of his script , -LRB- unlike two years earlier in The Man Who Knew Too Much -RRB- . Dialogue is weak and a major flaw of the movie . A must for both Lorre fans , and Hitchcock fans.I remain , frustrated from waiting for an American DVD copy of Young and Innocent with the full 90 minutes . The American copy had two Una O'Conner scenes removed , for a total of a 1/9th shortening of the movie . There IS a full length version available on an English PAL DVD .
 The second of Hitchcock 's mid-30s spy dramas , and the weakest of the three -LRB- THE 39 STEPS and THE LADY VANISHES were the other two -RRB- . A London agent -LRB- John Gielgud -RRB- is sent to Switzerland to kill a German spy ; with him go Madeleine Carroll as his make-believe wife , and Peter Lorre , who is supposed to do the dirty work . Lorre is the only one who really captures out attention , and for the wrong reasons
 Hitchcock in this film examines what it is like to actually go through with the job of killing someone , as you are authorized and ordered to do . John Gielgud , from the Shakespearean stage , makes a worthy effort as does Madelline Carrol , who was in The 39 Steps as well . Peter Lorre , while a tad over-the-top and at some times irritating , is a joy to watch . The main villain is very smooth and a treat to watch as well . Comedic elements thrown in with tension and suspense makes Secret Agent a worthwhile Hitchcock film . From The Man Who Knew Too Much to The Lady Vanishes , Hitchcock could do no wrong . Secret Agent proves it .
 The time is 1916 , just home from the trenches , writer John Brodie finds out that he has died for King and country . ` R ' who is the head of the english secret service , is sending him to Switzerland to intercept a German agent before he can bring plans/info to Constantinople . The problem ... he does n't know what the agent looks like . Helping him out is The General -LRB- Peter Lorre -RRB- , a spanish -LRB- ? -RRB- speaking womanizer with a earing and an accent from Gd knows where.When Ashendon -LRB- the alias for Brodie -RRB- arrives in Switzerland , he finds that ` R ' has supplied him with a wife -LRB- Madeline Carroll -RRB- . His new Mrs. has found herself a suitor , American Robert Young -LRB- who is not there with good intentions -RRB- . Needless to say , much of the dialogue is stilted -LRB- as is the acting -RRB- , but Lorre steals the film with his odd character -LRB- who reminds me of the man he later plays in `` Maltese Falcon '' -RRB- . You can see many of the film techniques that later make Hitchcock famous and there are shadows of `` The 39 Steps '' in some of the crowd scenes . Though it 's supposed to be 1916 , everyone is dressed for the 1930 's , and of course everyone smokes like fiends . Gielgud , is the dashing , stoic englishman , good looks and a phenomenal profile . If you look closely , you can see how everyone has the same eye-shadow and highlighted cheek-bones , making it look like a ` Calvin Klein ' ad .
 To Be Fat Like Me is based on a true story about a student who enrolls in a high school `` undercover '' with an agenda . She believes that overweight people use obesity as an excuse for failure . Her journalism project is to enter that school in a very convincing fat suit , and prove that her own personality and drive will bring her the popularity and success that she is accustomed to as her thin , sports-playing self.Of course , reality takes her down a peg or two when she realizes that the other students not only deprive her of that chance for popularity and success , but are overtly hostile and insulting.On the surface , this plot seems too obvious and simple . However , the tale is told with great skill and just enough subtelty to make the suffering hit home in a very real way.To Be Fat Like Me is a DVD that belongs in every school and public library . This is a story that needs to be told .
 This movie is very enjoyable and handles the topic of adolescent obesity and eating disorders very tactfully . Could be shown in high school health classes .
 A fine DVD from TV 's ` Lifetime ' channel offers teens and adults extraordinary insights and personal perspectives , and is a recommended pick for any lending library . TO BE FAT LIKE ME tells the story of a high school junior who experiences firsthand the prejudice directed at overweight teens when she changes in shape from slim to obese , overnight . Her insights make for a compelling story of prejudice and weight .
 I watched this movie three times . It was very interesting and like a documentary . It was educational and entertaining . I learned a lot from watching this .
 Terrific movie about an experiment that works in more ways than one . A gorgeous girl who always has things going her way loses an athletic scholarship to college when she gets injures-and that was the only way she could pay . To earn the money , she enters a contest where she disguises herself as a fat girl and goes undercover at another school . She soon learns how cruel people can be to severely obese people-especially in high school . Fans of The Big Bang Theory will love seeing Kaley Cuoco -LRB- Penny -RRB- in this . Limited amount of DVD extras .
 Although this film is a tough watch , it 's pretty honest about how some people are treated very differently when presented in a less than perfect package . We all are unique and one of a kind , but sometimes our differences become stumbling blocks when we meet less than tolerant people . Some of the best people in the world are oftentimes overlooked , shunned , or mistreated because of how they look . Nobody makes the rules so to speak , but peers usually dictate what is accepted or popular at any given time . Many times I have wondered how different the world would be if we were viewed from the inside out . Our differences make us unique , not less than what we should be.While this film is not too easy to watch at times , it should be viewed by students in this day and time of bullying and separation . Certainly a good study on what might be if we take the time to see that differences can influence our relationships in a great way if we let them .
 This movie teaches you not to judge anybody by its cover , which alot of people and even myself i do . Its not always about how you look outside but how indredible a person can be in the inside .
 Wonderful for sociology class . Wonderful to helping me to think . Asks the hard questions in a way that makes the viewer want to learn more . I recommend it for personal and educational purposes .
 The message is good , the acting was good . I enjoyed the movie and am glad I purchased it for me and my 14 year old daughter .
 Do n't be too critical of this flick . I 've recently discovered Randal Malone to be quite entertaining , if not over the top at times , and consistent with making the rounds in B Horror ; and he was creepy in this one . Yes , dimbulb college morons get killed off in this -LRB- like about five thousand other slasher flicks -RRB- and some can act and some are just eye candy like in Hell Night , Halloween , Friday the 13th and a Nightmare on Elm Street . This one leans more toward Prom Night -LRB- 1980 -RRB- or Deadly Lessons , though , with its level of gore and characterizations . It IS shot on video -LRB- a high def camera , I believe , if the crisp image is any indication -RRB- but as any horrorhound knows this is n't necessarily a bad thing -LRB- The Ripper from 1985 remains the low bar here -RRB- . There is no new ground here -LRB- sorry Saw fans -RRB- and victims die because they 're stupid . This is a fair little film and I keep hearing Randal Malone ask , `` Why are you here ? '' in that distant , myopic voice that reminds me of Vinent Price .
 Our unit is preparing to deploy to Afghanistan . We viewed the film as partr of our training to work with the Afghan Security Forces . The film provided some interesting perspectives on the Afghan leadership and the challenges of training and equipping these forces . This film was an excellent training tool . I would highly recommend this film to anyone who is deploying to Afghanistan or anyone who has an interest in the present and future of Afghanistan .
 Outstanding documentary that shows day to day issues faced by a mentoring team in Afghanistan . Ms Dysinger does a nice job showing the extremely complex non-kinetic side of the war , and how both Coalition and Afghan Soldiers work through multiple rotations .
 I have seen this film several times now . It 's an amazing feat of access , structure , and storytelling . This is one of the very few American films that give a voice to the Afghans - and it does so with tremendous respect , humor , and understanding . Given that it deals with such a potentially polarizing issue as the US presence in Afghanistan , Camp Victory is incredibly balanced and honest in the picture it paints . It does not seem to advocate for one side or another ; rather , it simply seeks to tell one story of US-Afghan relationships through its two main characters - general Sayar and colonel Shute . If you come to this film with preconceived notions , you 're likely to find them challenged ; if you come with an open mind or no preset agenda , you 're likely to get hooked on the joys of seeking a layered understanding of the situation on the ground . Seems like Afghanistan offers plenty of opportunity for that .
 I have served in both Iraq and Afghanistan . In each location , my responsibilities included the development of local security forces . From my perspective , Carol Dysinger 's film proceeds from a special wisdom about the potential and limits of military power , and captures the ambiguities inherent in our effort to stand-up foreign forces , even as she confirms the imperative to build such forces if troubled places like Afghanistan are ever to stabilize . Along the way , we are gently warned about the folly of Americans insisting that things be done `` our way , '' and at the same time , we see the arrogance of thinking that Afghans are uneducated , simplistic or not interested in the same basic things that we value
 Incredible film . My unit is preparing for deployment to Afghanistan and had the good fortune to view the film and meet Ms Dysinger afterwards for some Q & A.Remarkable insight into the complex relationships that exist within ANSF and their relationships with the communities in which they operate . It also shows the challenges faced by annually rotating US & Coalition forces.The thing I found most compelling was that the film gives an intelligent voice to the Afghan leadership and shows their strengths , self assessed weaknesses , and the frustration of having to deal with several components of coalition forces . This film should be mandatory for any organization -LRB- civilian or military -RRB- preparing to go to Afghanistan . And if you can get Carol to come and speak with you afterward , it is an added bonus.CP
 So well done ! To the producer , director and no doubt the energy behind the film ... thank you for taking your time in a dangerous place to bring the realism and challenges of Afghanistan.Fire Base Gardez , Paktia Province , Afghanistan/2003Although , I never had the opportunity to travel in the western portions of Afghanistan , Herat at the time was under the control of Ismael Khan ; from what I understood . . at that time , a relatively secure environment.My travels were primarily within Paktia with time in Khost and Ghazni Provinces . There was little or no ANA presence during my time in Afghanistan , so I can not comment on my experience relative to the ANA or the ANP competence.The film highlights the challenges in Afghanistan from an advisory and training mission . Tribalism , geography , dialects , ethnic differences and a host of other dis-similarities made me believe from the many times meeting local and tribal leaders ... that we were just `` passing through '' ... and they knew that back then.I can recall a meeting enroute back to Paktia from meeting the Pakistani 's on the Afgh-Pakistan border . The meeting was deep into Afghanistan most rugged mountains . . with tiers of opium poppies blossoming in the late May sunshine ... as water so finely manicured slowly moved in the furrows of the fields ... not one weed could be seen . It truly looked like `` afghan heaven on earth '' . During the course of the meeting , we were offered Coca Cola ... responding `` hell '' yes ... the cans were brought in ... each nearly frozen with ice inside the can . They had refrigeration ... also , nearly new Toyota Hilux 4 by 4 trucks -LRB- in much better condition aside from our 240 's and M2 's -RRB- . When the conversation came around to infrastructure development ... or , `` what can we do for you in the name of the Afghan goverment . . '' , the reply was a resounding . . `` nothing '' . Basically ... to leave them alone . . as they have done for centuries to the time of Kipling 's . . `` The Man That Would Be King '' era . Had we said . . we were there to eradicate the poppy fields ... we would of never made it out alive.So what 's the point relative to the film . . a a great film it was
 coulda been better like anything else these days but still good movie had a good storyline and thats important like anything else these days
 Alright , normally I do not produce reviews of reviews of movies . However Daniel J. Sorrell `` Sherlock1c '' , you have compelled me to do so . First you impugn the incorrect `` grammer '' used by one of the reviewers of Player 5150 . News Flash
 This is an excellent movie.The actors especially Mario Maurer are so cute and loveable.The story is a little long-winded but the acting is good , and the story line is very touching.Must see , if you like gay teen love stories .
 I bought this DVD weeks ago , but did n't watch it until a few days ago . I bought the DVD because I had read good things about the movie previously and had chalked it up to something to watch one day when I did n't have anything else to do . Well , having watched it now , I can officially label this my latest `` crush '' film . `` Crush '' films are those films that I enjoy so much that I go back and watch 'em again the next day ... . and I replay favorite scenes again and again , almost to the point of knowing exactly what the characters are going to say before they say it ... and where I go on the internet and look for reviews and interviews and ... well , you get the picture.This film is wonderful . I 'm not going to claim that I liked everything that happened in the story , but the movie , overall , is one of the sweetest , tenderest and most touching portrayals of teenage/first love that I 've seen on film . There is a real innocence that comes across from the two actors , and although it is true that there is much more in the movie than their love story , the relationship of Mew and Tong is the center , and purpose , of the whole movie.Some have claimed that the film is too long . I disagree . I never even noticed the time . And now I am going to try and find a copy of the Director 's cut , which is longer than the version on this DVD , and which also contains deleted scenes , behind the scenes footage and all of the other goodies that I have come to love about DVD 's . I recommend this movie .
 I just watched this in the local cinemaWat can I say?Simply a beautiful wonderful movieA simple love story about love in all its forms , gay , straight , family , friends etc.The cast is uniformly good especially the 2 leads.You really do feel and root for them.What do you do when u love someone and it is not reciprocated?Do you want that someone to be happy?What if the love u have for someone is forbidden?Or if your love for someone lost is stiffling and killing you?Brilliant music & songs even though I do not understand Thai that does n't mean you can not appreciate the lovely songs in this movie.The young cast is uniformly good looking especially the actor acting as Tong.He is just stunning!Sure , it might be a bit draggy at times but definitely worth sitting thru.Highly recommended !
 I have watched this movie every day for the past 2 weeks and will watch it again tonight . IT 'S INCREDIBLE ! The director of this movie is a genius.The innocence of Mew and Tong will touch your heart over and over . Do n't be fooled by the picture on the DVD . It 's not the typical boy-meets-boy romance . That would be boring . Instead , it 's rich with so many other activities that are going on with everyone else in the movie and how they are all tied together.Every time I watch this movie , I see deeper levels of meanings in it . After watching it last night , I could n't sleep after watching it , it left me with such an incredible feeling that I did n't want to fall asleep . So I stayed up and enjoyed the feelings this movie gave me.Of all the gay movies I have seen that deal with romance , THIS IS THE BEST ! This is n't phoney . This is the real deal . I hope you 'll experience this too.So PLEASE get this video ! You 'll thank me and all the other reviewers that you did .
 This is my favorite film ever . The story is very moving . I saw it twice in the theater when it was released in Thailand . I still cry when I watch it.The acting is a bit spotty , especially early on . Mario got a lot of attention , but as far as I am concerned Pitch -LRB- Mew -RRB- is the real star of this film . His acting is extremely natural and you believe him at every love-struck second . The other character that I found extremely heroic is Ying.The film has a great soundtrack as well . And I always love seeing Bangkok on film.I love the fact that this is not a `` Hollywood '' movie.Get your hands on the Director 's Cut if you can . It clocks in at another 15 or 20 minutes longer but the scenes that have been cut for this version go a long way to explaining a number of things that do n't quite make sense .
 One of the best movies I have seen come out of Thailand . A story of the boundary between love and friendship . The film is also about family and what it takes to hold family together after loss . I hope the Director 's Cut will be released in the future . A beautiful film that will last with you long after you finish . I ca n't say enough good things about this multilayered film . Wonderful .
 **** ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE SEEN THIS YEAR **** i do n't know where this director got the 4 young men for the parts of MEW and TONG , but this is one the best acted films i have seen.the young men a excellent actors . they should be extra proud to be able to carry this story line.Also , whom ever picked the music for this film has a excellent ear . i havewatched this film twice , 1st for the great acting / story , and 2nd to listen tothe music . all the music fits each scene with a BANG.everyone was excellent in their parts , but again i just have to acknowlegethe maturity and skill of the young men in their portrayal of MEW and TONG .
 This is a wonderfully romantic , tearful , happy , love and friendship movie with great music and the greatest happy end of all times . Maybe you would like `` Love of Siam '' to be more open gay , but that would destroy its sweet-and-sour quality . If you have n't seen it , order it quickly ! If in doubt watch the trailer on youtube first .
 This movie is beautiful . While long , it does a great job of making that connection between you and the characters . The first twenty minutes is just that
 Once Flaubert wrote that ' `` To deny the existence of sad feelings just because they are sad , is as to deny the sun just because it is not noon '' . This is certainly a thought worth keeping while watching Love of Siam.This romantic film explores in a touching narrative different forms of love . The main story devolpes without definitions or expectations , in a form of feeling and experiencing love that ends in a unexpected but yet beautiful ending . I strongly recommend this movie , well narrated , well interpreted and touching .
 I lived in Bangkok for 2 years in the 1970 's . From the movie Love of Siam , I can see how things have changed . This film concerns a group of very affluent Thai families , their daily lives and loves , and illustrates how far Thailand has come in the past 40 years since I was there.There is now a substantial middle class and upwardly mobile elite.The film attempts of portray several relationships that are complex and interesting , and does a good job in their portrayal . One scenario concerning the primary husband and wife and their two children is done quite well . The daughter disappears never to be heard from again and the son unwittingly has to become the man of the family with a dominating , neurotic Mother and alcoholic Father.The son really has alot of sexual identity confusion to deal with . On the one hand , he has a very demanding rigid , childish , neurotic girlfriend to contend with , much like his Mother , and on the other hand , a very talented , nice male friend , who hopes to be his boyfriend . He is guilted by his Mother 's needs to be the man she needs him to be when he begins to develop feelings for his male friend.Several other stories of people who interact with each other in various roles throughout the film and done quite nicely and by the end of the film , has resolved many of the issues that they have had to deal with throughout the film.I would recommend this film highly for someone interested in modern Thai society and for teenagers in particularly who want to see how teenager deal with adolescence in another culture .
 I gave this movie 5 stars because I thought it was an amazing movie . It is definitely worth the price listed . The characters in the movie are great and the actors who played them did an amazing job as well.This movie deals with family values and culture combining a un-ideal relationship . Mew and Tong have love for each other but will this relationship last ??? This movie deals with young adults and finding oneself . Being young myself I related to the movie which I liked . The only thing I didnt like about the movie was the ending . It was bitter sweet and wished things could have turned out different . But overall it was a good movie and totally reccomend it .
 Not your typical high school gay movie . It is well acted and very interesting . Would recommend it to anyone that is into stuff like this .
 The movie is well written , well acted , and a tear jerker . It is amazing that these young people are so talented . The music score , actually sang by the actor , is great.This movie is a tear jerker and you may not agree with the ending , but life seldom ends the way you want . That only happens in a Disney movie . I saw this movie through a movie rental and had to buy it after seeing it . It is in Thai with English subtitles . The first time I watched the movie I spent a lot of time reading the subtitles . But the second time I watched . I was able to really get into the movie even more now knowing what they where saying . This wonderful movie is really a great love story . Hope you enjoyed it , as much as I did .
 I watched this over and over again if you do n't mind subtitle . It was a story about childhood friends who had experienced difficulties in life , but no matter what , the whole thought is love and care for each other .
 but is ok to watch it shows the first love and how we deal with it
 Let me tell you that this movie features some of the wickedest kung fu moves in the business , , that only ghostface killer can compete with , you listening too someone that owns over 300 good kung fu flix . . yes there are slow parts / but the fughting makes up for it , the actor is Wei Tung.he should be living in jackie chans house and driving his bently , because wei tung has the best fighting posture , its such a shame that these movies never recieved there proper credit , attention and financial rewards that they deserve , so sad . . we are subjected too all the die hard lethal weapon crap , i also feel that 14.99 is too much too pay for this movie . . not that the movie itself is not worth it.just the reason is some pirate seller who had nothing too do with the production is going too benifit from it , I unbelievbly found my copy at a doller store . . but whether you get it here on amazon or elsewhere , youre collection is not complete without this movie ...
 I had the privilege in getting to know Patricia -LRB- Patsy -RRB- Douglas . I lived in Las Vegas from 93-96 , and she is who she is in the film . She could love you or hate you . If she loved you , you knew she cared . She took no bull from anyone , and she called things as she saw them . I thought the world of this woman , but she never discussed her past , but only to say she was a dancer and Hollywood was n't all it was cracked up to be . I thought is was a good documentary and told the story of a woman I cherished . I could have seen less of the director/writer in the film . Patsy never discussed her horrific experience about when she was young and living in Hollywood . I was in total shock to learn from this documentary what had happened . Yes , she was close to her mother , yes , they fought like cats and dogs . She was proud of her daughter and grandchildren . She may not have said a word to them about how proud she was of them all , but she did share with me . For sentimental reasons , I give this film five stars . In reality , it needs four stars . The reason being is I did n't need the director/writer in the story . He served no purpose in being in the film . Take the time , watch the film , and hear Patsy 's story .
 I enjoyed this . Too bad that the central figure did not experience a better sense of closure and justice before she passed away . Very interesting .
 What a heart-wrenching story ! The way Mr. Stenn , who also directs this film , presented Patricia 's story is refreshing , in fact the manner in which he insinuated himself as a part of this drama seemed to be implicitly sanctioned by her own words . She was thankful that he persevered in his quest to obtain this particular story , despite her fears . Furthermore , he genuinely seemed to care for her , as well as what she had experienced . He was highly criticized by critics and reviewers for his unusual style - to allow his own relationship with Patricia to unfold on screen.For so many of us women who have experienced assault during our lifetime and had to learn that ` safe ' is a rather tenuous term , it can be comforting to see someone like Mr. Stenn put himself ` up front ' as he did , in a supportive role . At least , I found it so in this film.This documentary certainly rent the veil of ` The Good Old Days ' to pieces . By interspersing some old film spots of MGM as Patsy was delivering her interview , it was made much less easy to obtain that nostalgic feel we might usually glean.Are men dogs ? My uncle Doug -LRB- a self confessed dog -RRB- says it is so , and that , furthermore , we women just need to be aware and ever cynical . We are less naive these days , I think.I believe lawyers would find it a tad bit trickier to dump such a case these days , as they did in Patsy 's . Still , then or today , it takes an inordinate amount of courage to attempt to hold someone accountable for committing such terrific violence against us . If anything , I appreciate Mr. Stenn for giving Patricia her opportunity for vindication , as well as my chance to experience , albeit vicariously , some sort of weird justice on this end .
 This was a very interesting experience . Never expected to find a movie with a moral in with all that bad acting , ridiculousscript and over the top over acting characters . This is now one of my favorites . My 18 year old granddaughter did n'tpick up on it so you will all have to check it out and let me know what you all think . anyway thanks to amazon.commy interest has been piqued . also your packaging is super .
 This is a DVD version of an excellent film made by the Royal Shakespeare Company , in Stratford , England , in 1968 . I am delighted to have it for use in my 8th grade honors literature class , as it is superior to most modern versions of Shakespeare 's play that I have seen . The Kevin Kline version , for example , is inappropriate for my use in an 8th grade classroom , although it would probably be fine for high school students .
 This production glints with genius . The RSC actors do n't miss a single beat through the complex and sparkling text . Some viewers find fault with the visuals , but I find great humor in them . Peter Hall 's editorial experimentation and the 1960 's fashion sense make for lively imagery.The film quality is imperfectly preserved , but what of that ? In no way difficult to view . My favorite version , all five blazing stars .
 An independent film Directed by Peter Hall and The Royal Shakespeare Company , Stratford-upon-Avon . This is one of those gems that allow many famous personalities of the time to display a little culture.There are many fun facets of this film ; right off , we notice all the actors in a much earlier version . Who would have thought that Judi Dench was once so cute ? In addition , Helen Mirren before she was queen . Each version of midsummer Night 's Dream displays a different star cast ; this is the 1967 version many people will recognize Diana Rigg as Helena . Each version is to our advantage displays a different emphasis and dialog of William Shakespeare . Too many individual actors to point out.Then there is the negative side . Look closely and it looks like an Italian film with English dubbing ; the words and voices are not quite in sync . The cameraman is the one that filmed `` The Blare Witch . `` Believe it or not it is better the second time through.This film is a must for the collector.A Midsummer Night 's Dream
 The picture quality is vile - it looks as if it has been fished out of the dustbin . If this bothers you , do n't buy . It is also true that the costume department had an off day , and that the filming does not escape from its origins as a stage play . Overcome all this and you get by far the strongest and funniest performance of the Dream that I 've seen on film or on stage -LRB- and I 've seen a few -RRB- . The mechanical 's play in particular is hilarious . These are not stars doing a bit of culture on the side , but the Royal Shakespeare Company 's best young actors from an exceptionally talented generation . Diana Rigg , for example , was playing Cordelia at Stratford before she was Emma Peel .
 I love this production of &#34; Midsummer Night 's Dream &#34; ! First of all , there are some wonderful actors in important roles
 This is a great production ; however , I was n't able to view the full play as planned because of problems with technology . Great , well-known British actors .
 This is an important and rare DVD . The cast is fantastic
 Although the scratchy unrestored color makes this DVD it look as if it had been pirated in a movie theatre thirty years ago , it is well worth buying if only to see the delightful performances of young Helen Mirren as Hermia , Diana Rigg -LRB- taking a break from Emma Peel -RRB- as Helena , Judy Dench as Titania , Ian Richardson -LRB- who gives a preview of his `` House of Cards '' sardonic smile -RRB- as Oberon , and even the husband of Hyacinth Bucket -LRB- pronounced Bouquet -RRB- as Snug the Joiner . The production -LRB- with its pink-lipped green fairies and hairy-chested Puck -RRB- may have been misguided , but the actors shine as future stars of British stage and cinema.Because of the poor quality and the faded print , I 'd actually give it three and 1/2 stars . I still recommend it , however , as a piece of historical interest .
 The film source materials start off looking battered , but the image cleans up pretty quickly.More importantly , the performances are uniformly strong , without a weak link to be found . If you are familiar with Ian Richardson and Judy Dench only from their recent work , this movie will be an eye-opener . Bill Travers ' Snout is a treasure , and Paul Rogers leaves behind his usual kings and bullies to give a vocally astonishing performance as Bottom.Most productions of this play have trouble balancing the scenes of the confused lovers in the forest with the Pyramis and Thisbe farce at the end - usually one or the other gets out of control , but this one gets it right for once . There is a little self-conscious film editing a la Richard Lester and the New Wave that has dated , but does n't really kill the occasion . The language and atmosphere are magical , as good as it gets.Some of the whining in these reviews is silly . There is no other Midsummer Night 's Dream so evenly and superlatively cast , and it 's worth putting up with less than optimal print quality to watch and listen to them .
 Yes , the quality is poor , but as an English teacher , who has watched almost every available video version in the past three weeks , this was the most faithful representation by far ! I ca n't show it in class , but there is nothing more satisfying than seeing young Dame Judy brazen and lovely enough to pull off a nude Titania and seeing the lovely , elegant woman she is now . This is also the only version I have seen , so far , that portrays Hippolyta as the strong , amazon she is supposed to be ! Hurrah for the brits , who do n't have any problem keeping the complexity of the relationship between Theseus and Hippolyta ! The trappings of the sixties just made it more of a romp ! I would really rent this , the quality is absolutely terrible . I am sure I have caught snippets of a much better copy on television at some point , if I had known what a must see it was , I would have recorded it then . Rent it , watch it , love it for its kookiness and know that the Bard would have really appreciated it !
 I had this film on video and the transfer was horrible.Yes , the dialogue is read faster than the cast of the original horror flick THE THING could 've done it , the green makeup of the fairies comes and goes like sunscreen ... but this film is worth seeing for the cast alone.Diana Rigg is as sexy as she ever was as Mrs. Emma Peel from `` The Avengers '' or Mrs. James Bond in ON HER MAJESTY 'S SECRET SERVICE.Judi Dench , who would become 007 's boss `` M '' in the Pierce Brosnan Bond films , runs around in green paint and pasties . If the crew of the Enterprise had beamed down into this production , Captain Kirk would 've added another hot green chick to his list of conquests -LRB- alongside Yvonne Craig -RRB- . David Warner , an actor whose career goes from THE OMEN to TIME BANDITS to TRON to TITANIC , plays one of the `` human '' leads.Helen Mirren looks like she just got out of high school -- so young and fresh and pretty ! She would go on to many sexy roles . One of the weirdest ones was THE COOK , THE THIEF , HIS WIFE & HER LOVER.And Ian Holm , perhaps best remembered as the milk-sweating android from the original ALIEN , plays a hyper , twitching fairy . He was also great in THE SWEET HEREAFTER and in the Mel Gibson version of HAMLET.Any one of these actors would 've been worth watching in a Shakespearean production ... but to have them all?Definitely worth watching .
 Allowing for the albeit distracting 1968-isms -LRB- i.e. leather mini skirts and Beatles-style haircuts -RRB- this is a first rate version of Shakespeare 's magical play . Featuring a cast of amazing stars including Helen Mirren and Diana Rigg as Hermia and Helena , Judy Dench -LRB- quite scantily clad -RRB- as Titania , the velvet-voiced Ian Richardson as Oberon and the impish Iam Holm as Puck , this version successfully portrays the combination of humor , magic and the absurdities of young love -LRB- `` Lord , what fools these mortals be ! '' -RRB- inherent in Shakespeare 's play . The high-speed camera work and overabundance of green face paint can be a bit distracting , but the brilliance of Bottom and the `` rude mechanicals '' , the careful balancing of the magical and the real and the faithful and articulate delivery of Shakespeare 's gorgeous language more than compensate for any eccentricities of film-craft . Listening to Oberon 's beautiful soliloquies -LRB- `` I know a bank where the wild thyme blows ... '' -RRB- delivered with such beauty and grace by Ian Richardson is worth the price of admission all by itself ! Give Peter Hall 's MND a try !
 An independent film Directed by Peter Hall and The Royal Shakespeare Company , Stratford-upon-Avon . This is one of those gems that allow many famous personalities of the time to display a little culture.There are many fun facets of this film ; right off we notice all the actors in a much earlier version . Who would have thought that Judi Dench was once so cute ? And Helen Mirren before she was queen . Each version of midsummer Night 's Dream displays a different star cast ; and also to our advantage displays a different emphasis and dialog of William Shakespeare.Then there is the negative side . Look closely and it looks like an Italian film with English dubbing ; the words and voices are not quite in sync . The cameraman is the one that filmed `` The Blare Witch . `` Believe it or not it is better the second time through.This film is a must for the collector.A Midsummer Night 's Dream
 A few notes out of one man 's viewpoint : - = - = - I love this one . Wonderful , dreamy music . Top actors.Overall , it leaves you feeling fine . - = - = - And it does n't cut upthe script much
 I first saw this film in 16mm format when I was taking Shakespeare in college in 1980 . I liked it so much that every year after I would find out when the class was showing it just to go see it . The film 's image onscreen was always rich , lush , and filled with color . At the time aside from Diana Rigg and a couple of others , I did n't know who many of the actors were . Now , looking back 27 years later after many of them like Judy Dench and Helen Mirren have had such distinguished careers , it is really amazing to look back on it now and see them when they were so young etc.The reason I bought the dvd was because it 's the only way I can go back and see it now . Having seen a real film print in excellent condition , I can verify that unfortunately as one other reviewer said , the print is washed out and the colors faded , and while the overall image is clean , the film 's imperfections are apparent . The whole thing could benefit from a better print and digital remastering . If you 're just looking for a film version of this play , then you may be better off with more recent releases . However if you can get past the imperfections and have a keen interest , then it 's a great way to look back in time at many of these fine British actors .
 I first saw this film in the '60s and was glad to have it again . Excellent DVD .
 `` Frankenstein 's Daughter '' is a guilty pleasure of mine . It was shown frequently on the Zacherley-hosted `` Chiller Theater '' TV show in the early 1960s , and yours truly was actually frightened by it ! -LRB- I was only about 7 years old at the time -RRB- The film is ludricous and cheaply produced , and helmed by Richard Cunha , who also directed `` Missile to the Moon '' -LRB- a remake of `` Cat Women of the Moon '' -RRB- , `` Giant From the Unknown '' , and another personal favorite of mine , `` She Demons '' , starring the late Irish `` Sheena '' McCalla . `` Frankenstein 's Daughter '' has `` Oliver Frank '' , a descendant of Dr. You-know-who , living in southern California ! He is assistant to Dr. Carter Morton . Together , they are experimenting with a dangerous drug called DiGenerol . Slimy Oliver uses Morton 's niece Trudy as an unwitting guinea pig for the DiGenerol , by way of his homemade `` fruit punch '' . Trudy turns into a crackle-faced demon , prowling around the neighborhood clad in a bathing suit , frightening the neighbors . And that 's only the first part of the film ! Oliver has also been carrying on in the family tradition , creating his own monster , unknownst to Dr. Morton . All he needs is a brain , and he gets one from Trudy 's girlfriend Susie Lawlor , a bleached blonde in a tight black cocktail dress -LRB- he runs her over with his car-some date ! -RRB- The result is the strangest-looking female monster in cinema history . The monster is played by Harry Wilson , who used to bill himself as `` The ugliest man in Hollywood '' . Mr. Wilson 's most notable screem appearance -LRB- other than this opus -RRB- is as one of George Raft 's henchmen in `` Some Like it Hot '' -LRB- `` Hey ! Join us ! '' -RRB- . `` Frankenstein 's Daughter '' is typical , 1950s drive-in fare , replete with misunderstood `` teenagers '' , laughable dialogue , tinsel sets , and outrageous monster makeups . The cast is a hoot . Donald Murphy is appropriately smarmy as Oliver -LRB- You 'd expect to meet him in a `` Swingin ' Singles '' bar -RRB- , Dr. Morton is floridly overplayed by Felix Locher , father of Jon Hall , Susie is played by Mamie Van Doren clone Sally Todd , Trudy is played by pretty Sandra Knight -LRB- the future Mrs. Jack Nicholson -RRB- , and her boyfriend Johnny is played by the late John Ashley -LRB- he was Troy Apollo on `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' , and appeared in numerous beach party flicks -RRB- . The supporting players include Harold Lloyd Jr. , Wolfe Barzell , and Voltaire Perkins -LRB- he was the judge on TV 's `` Divorce Court '' in the 1960s -RRB- . There is also the obligatory `` barbecue '' sequence , featuring the songs `` Daddy Bird '' and `` Special Date '' , performed by Page Cavanaugh and his trio . Move over , Bill Haley ! The picture quality on the DVD is remarkable , with razor-sharp detail and rich greys -LRB- I do n't think the restored `` Citizen Kane '' looks this good ! -RRB- , so you can see the seams in the sets , and the sound is very good . There is also a picture gallery on the disc as an added bonus . `` Frankenstein 's Daughter '' is sweetly dumb , and holds very pleasant memories for me , of a far less complicated , innocent time . A long time ago in a galaxt far , far away ...
 One third of Dick Cunha 's holy trinity , along with Missile to the Moon and She Demons -LRB- we wo n't talk about Giant from the Unknown -RRB- , this has been a perennial late-show favorite of mine . Great D-movie cast including Sandra -LRB- then Mrs. Jack Nicholson -RRB- Knight , prefab whitebread teen idol John Ashley , Bob Dix , terminally wooden Felix Locher , Wolfe Barzell as Elsu , and John -LRB- TV 's Folgers coffee buyer -RRB- Zaremba doing his sensible detective thing . The real treat , however , has to be Donald Murphy in a hilariously over-the-top performance as the lecherous , sociopathic Dr. Frank . Whatta slimeball ! Plus you get three -LRB- count 'em -RRB- great sick/icky Harry Thomas makeups for the price of one , and some cringe-inducing musical numbers provided by lounge maven Page Cavanaugh and His Trio -LRB- reportedly one of the Rat Pack 's favorite entertainers -RRB- . True , when finally revealed , the diminutive monster -LRB- looking more like an accident victim in a track suit than the traditional Karloffian creation -RRB- is n't very imposing , but there is so much ripe cheese on display that bad film aficionados can not fail to be entertained.Image gives us what is certainly the definitive DVD of this film . The source print is absolutely superb ! There is some very light , occasional speckling , but otherwise it 's gorgeous
 Back in the days when drive-ins still brought in the crowds , you could still make movies for about a buck and a half and have them distributed . Out of that came performers like Jack Nicholson and Dennis Hopper.Suffice it to say , there ai n't nothing like them in here.Frankenstein 's Daughter is a very guilty pleasure . Clearly made for the price of dinner for four at Sizzler , this demented flick throws everything it can think of at you - not one , but two monsters , bathing-suit clad teens bopping to the song `` stylings '' of Page Cavanaugh and his trio , and Harold Lloyd , Jr -LRB- who is noted as the liner notes as being a masochist . I heard the boy sing . I am here to tell you , that boy is a sadist . -RRB- The idea is that Mr. Frank -LRB- enstein , get it ? -RRB- , the infamous doctor 's grandson , has weasled his way , lock , stock , and Igor into a plum gig as the assistant for Dr. Morton , who keeps a convenient lab in his west LA home , complete with stadium sized wine cellar and loads of arcing electrical equipment . -LRB- The good doc , may not notice all of the bodies being wheeled around behind his back , but wo n't he notice the Edison bill ? -RRB- Mr. Frank , you see , is determined to keep up with Grandad 's work - he 's going to make his own monster , if he can just find a head for it . While he has his version of Igor scuttling about accident sites looking for one , Mr. Frank whiles away the hours by alternately trying to seduce and turing into a monster his employers comely neice . Though the doctor comes across as fey as Liberace , he tries jumping both the niece AND the nieces busty blonde friend . Mr. Frank is n't a guy to take no for an answer - when the niece slaps him , he gives her drugged `` fruit punch '' turning her into a blue faced unibrowed monster , and when busty rejects him , he mows her down with his car ! Making the best of things , he decides to use busty 's head to complete his monster , who promptly runs amuk causing much -LRB- cheaply done -RRB- havok . The Mr. Frank decides the monster can be used to destroy those who oppose him , leading to another one of those `` Johnnie , my uncle 's been killed by the mad scientist who tried to kill me and killed my best friend who 's now a murderous monster and the policemen guarding the house are all missing and the door to the lab is ajar so let 's go investigate '' Which lets Mr. Frank -LRB- now happily calling himself Frankenstein -RRB- get to actally say the line `` you meddling kids '' Which means that he is immediately dispached with a face full of acid - thrown accidentally , of course , so that the monster can mourn his passing -LRB- talk about co-dependant ! -RRB- by catching herself on fire . Which paves the way for another pool party where they can cook more scarily huge kebabs and have a reprise of `` Daddy Bird '' -LRB- aieee ! -RRB- These down-at-heel shockers are incredibly fun - innocent , schlocky and hammy , they beat hands-down most of the calculated sceamfests foisted on the screen today . Buy this one right now .
 So , just who is FRANKENSTEIN 'S DAUGHTER ? Is she the young lady with the uni-brow and the terminal gingivitis who 's terrifying a two-block area in Los Angles by running about in her nighties and bikinis ? Nah , she 's just Frankenstein 's Boss ' Niece , and her semi-lycanthropic jaunts are a plot point that gets thrown away about 15 minutes into the movie as casually as a used kleenex.Which allows us to move on the the main event , a creature that Frankenstein 's grandson Oliver has been stitching together in his boss ' wine cellar -LRB- that boss , an elderly scientist with a vaguely Mittel-European accent , is a bit of a loon himself -RRB- , a creature with the body of a sumo wrestler , the head of the heroine 's best friend -LRB- run down by Frankenstein in his car , sort of accidentally on purpose -RRB- , and the heart and soul of every quiet young man who never caused the neighbors any trouble and is later discovered to have the dismembered bodies of 15 missing hitchikers buried in his basement ... Needless to say , a number of people get killed , although never the right ones . Still left standing at the end are the heroine , her pointless boyfriend , and worst of all , Harold Lloyd , Jr , who somebody thought could act and sing . They were very wrong.The final results do n't make a single bit of sense , but are entertaining nonetheless , mostly because of the Frankenstein of the title , Donald Murphy , a stage and television veteran and enthusiastic ham . He makes a spectacle of himself , but that means you can ignore the rest of the cast , who either wander through with complete indifference , or are so painfully unfit for public exposure that their very presence on the set of this film is an insult to the movie-going public -LRB- yes , Harold , that means YOU -RRB- .
 This may not be for everyone but for anyone who likes old B-movies this one has it all . Over acting , stupid dialogue -LRB- some of the things Dr. Frankenstien says are hysterical -RRB- . Do n't watch it as a horror film but watch it as a comedy . You 'll laugh at this one . For a B movie , the picture quality is one of the best transfers I 've seen.Tom Phillips
 This excellently bad Richard E. Cunha flick has all the right ingredients
 I first saw this movie in 1958 at 8 years of age and when the daughter raised her face off the pillow I screamed and was scared beyond belief . Now at 61 , I 'm anxious to see this movie again . After 53 years I await anxiously for this movie to arrive so that I can be scared out of my witts again !! I remember the beginning of the movie when a young couple saw this lady with big bulging eyes on the sidewalk . Her eyes scared me then and I hope it does the same again ? I 'll let everyone know once I view my long loss scary movie ... FRANKENSTEINS DAUGHTER . Ooooooooooooooo !!
 John Ashley -LRB- along w / his humongous hair -RRB- is on hand for this enjoyable , mad-science schlocker from the 50s . Dr. Frank -LRB- yep , a relative of Dr. Frankenstein -RRB- builds a female creature out of assorted body parts . He puts the brain of a beautiful girl into the cranium of a very mannish beast w / a face like burnt lasagna . Unfortunately , the hideous monster remains mostly in the lab , resulting in only a tiny killing rampage . Still , there 's enough mayhem , ridiculous dialogue , and more than enough of John Ashley 's pompadour to keep things fun . Worth a watch or two ...
 film looks great on dvd as well as the visual pts in the show , you get 2 monstas and an acid face at the end and in between hilarious exchanges between olive frank assistant and his dr. / homeowner . girl brief monsta makeup looks good and franks daught . is so funny . the gardner works , the youngcop is funny , the rest of the actors/actin is all good and the different scenes and enough action and story to please from beg . to end . this movie makes me laugh-nothins changed since i 1st saw it apx 30 yrs ago and now . its worth buyin on the 3 movie pack .
 It 's a 60 's movie , it 's made as well as it couyld have been made for the time , it fares much better them some of the other Frankenstein knockoffs that have been made with the likes of Jesse James or others.It 's NOT oscar material , nor is it terrible , it 's just an entertaining movie to me , it takes me back to the CHILLER THEATER days where I first saw it.Check it out , you really ca n't go wrong for 10 bucks .
 A mad scientist builds a female Frankenstein type monster -LRB- though it looks male -RRB- with the help of the late Dr.Frankenstein 's beautiful teenaged daughter and his former assistant . All the while Frankensteins daughter is being fed a secret formula that transforms her into a hidous Edward Hyde type creature at night . A very weird movie with two mnsters , so you wont get bored . Lots of fun from the 50s . During this period Universal 's old classic monster films were being rereleased and shown on TV . So a lot of smaller studios decided to release newUniversal style monster movies . FRANKENSTEIN 'S DAUGHTER falls into this catagory . Others were FRANKENSTEIN 1970 , INDESTRUCTABLE MAN and THE WEREWOLF
 This is another order that I am extremely happy with ! Not only because it also arrive early , and in perfect condition . But watching the film itself actually shows you what real love between to peopleis all about whether or not the person with whom your in love with has a life threatening sickness or not . I would Strongly recommend this film to anyone !!!!!!
 I am deaf and I can relate to the deaf woman . This is where the mother would n't accept her daughter to sign in public and forces her to be like a hearing person . Reading lips is a lot of work but it is helpful as well .
 Listen to Your Heart is a heart-felt tearful movie . If you enjoyedAugust Rush , you 'll love Listen to Your Heart . Music has the power to change lives , as demonstrated by Ariana . Deaf since childhood , she struggles between the privileged life of her mother 's dominance or to reach out and risk the heartache of embracing love . `` Music is a powerful thing , one song can change your mood , make a memory . One song can change your whole life . '' The lesson , `` Listen to your heart . `` The film is rated NR yet is clean and will be enjoyed as a wholesome inspirational family movie .
 My dad passed away from the same type of cancer the guy had in the movie . Yes I would recommend it !
 I liked the movie for it was a very simple movie but very meaningful ... Often enough we take things for granted ... . We never know how important every little things can be until we do n't have it anymore . .
 I loved the movie because it was very decent . In a day when you can not watch a movie , even a romantic film without there being indecency it was pretty decent . I loved the movie because Danny was very selfless in his love for Sam and they were very committed to one another . I loved that he was very respectful towards her and that he lived life to the fullest . He did not take anything for granted and he never complained . He was very grateful for what he had . And the world was a better place because of him . He influenced so many people - even his boss quit drinking and he was an inspiration . He taught Sam to be independent and to grow up which she needed to do . Her mother was very controlling , maybe as a result of overcompensating for the loss of Sam 's dad . But it was not a healthy love . The way Danny loved Sam allowed her to become all that she could be and to live to her fullest potential . It even reminded me of how Christ loved the church and gave Himself for it so that we can become all that we can be .
 I started a new college degree plan with ASL -LRB- American Sign Language -RRB- . I originally saw this movie on Lifetime movie network . I loved it on there , so I wanted the dvd , so I could watch it whenever I wanted to , and now I 've seen about 4 times since I got the dvd .
 A well done picture with gifted actors . The director , Matt Thompson , was able to get the most from his cast . A touching story which pulls on the heart strings . I anticipated the ending but a part of me hoped that it would not end that way . The romantic in me wanted it to be otherwise .
 Listen to Your Heart is a modern day Romeo and Juliet love story with a huge twist . You will enjoy watching the relationships of the characters develop as they overcome life 's harsh realities . The music and scenery are breathtaking . A heart-wrenching film !
 I absolutely LOVED this film . A friend and I went to see it at the New York City International Film Festival and we were blown away . This film will tug at your `` heart '' strings . It really is watching a beautiful journey between extraordinary characters . I can not wait to get my hands on a copy .
 `` Listen To Your Heart '' is a heart warming , emotional story for all young teens as well as the young at heart . It expresses everything from parental overbearingness to Deaf culture . This is a great teaching aid for Deaf awarenes , peer pressure , self respect , true friendship and real love . Simply phenomal . Make sure you have a large box of kleenex .
 For me as well , this was a random movie choice on Netflix . I can honestly say this is now in my top 5 favorite movies ! I went through just about every emotion possible while watching this movie . The leads are amazing ! It starts out a little slow , but it does n't take long for the actors and the story line to just suck you in . It is an incredibly heartfelt movie and love story with a great message ! I would highly recommend this movie to everyone ! It 's inspirational . And I will be buying it .
 What a wonderful movie . Eye opening would be another word to describe this movie . I have a son that is deaf and I could definatly relate to this . I think anyone who has a child or knows any one that is deaf should see this movie .
 The kind of love that everyone should experience at least once but most never do ... A must see film .
 I watched this movie for free on Hulu last night . It is a beautiful boy meets girl movie with a tragic twist . This movie is one of only two movies that have ever made me cry . If you like romantic movies , you will love this movie . The movie disusses relationships , parent problems , deafness , friendships , and cancer .
 This is a great movie for anyone who would like to be reminded of how important it is to cherish every day and enjoy the most simple moments with the ones you love , as these are the meaningful things in life . I first watched this on television , and I loved it so much that I decided to make it a part of my movie collection .
 This was a great story from start to finish as other reviewers have stated . Danny is a waiter at a local restaurant when Ariana and her controlling mother and her companion stop in for lunch . Ariana 's mother is controlling of her because Ariana is deaf and feels she needs to make all of her daughter 's decisions for her even though she is 21 ! It is love at first sight for Danny , although Ariana 's mother does n't think Danny is good enough for Ariana and does whatever she can to keep them apart . Kent Moran also performs his own music in this movie which is great ! There are a couple more twists to this movie that I do n't want to give away . Great tear jerker romance worth having in your movie collection .
 I was fortunate enough to catch this film at the New York City International Film Festival in August and WOW ! The acting is incredible - both Alexia Rasmussen & Kent Moran deliver powerful performances and Cybill Shepherd plays one of the most memorable roles of her career . The film is beautiful made , with scenic shots of New York City and Greenwhich , CT , and a musical score that is up there with two of my personal favorites , Good Will Hunting & Garden State . This is a great film , that pulls you in from the start and never lets go . This is one certainly worth watching again & again ! I give it my highest recommendation .
 When i first watched this film , i had no idea what to expect . but i was pleasantly surprised on how well of a put together heartfelt story it was . the leads did a great job in their parts and the other cast were great also that rounded it out.cybil shines in her role and it 's the best i 've seen her do in quite sometime . this is tearjeaker keep those tissues handyHighly Recommended film for lovers of tender love stories and overcoming challenges in life.it 's NR - Not Rated , but it does have some sesuality in a scene and drinking , but a clean flick none the less . i do n't think they 're any language in it.did ` nt hear any .
 this was a random movie I picked out on Netflix to watch and I am so glad I did . I laughed , I cried , I know it sounds cliche , but what an amazing love story . Such a great message .
 I can not say enough good things about the beautifully written story and the wonderful compositions from writer/actor/composer / producer Kent Moran , but gifted and talented would be 2 . This movie is an incredibly woven tale of friendship and love and the wonderful way that music can be felt , not just heard , from our hearts , no matter if we do not even have the ability to hear it with our ears.The plot develops with a story of a young man who lost his mom . We are not initially then told the specific type of this particularly terminal illness , only that he nursed her til her through as she fought a five-year long battle with cancer.We fall in love with this gentle , heartwarming , positive , compassionate soul who 's life was changed by a woman who endured so much and remained so grateful for life each day she struggled . He works with his best bud as a waiter at a cafe and saves every dime he can spare for recording equipment to record his first demo . He dreams big and works hard at his job to save for his dream , but he does more , he inspires others by his presence , his positivity and his sheer and utter determination to follow his goal of making music that would last forever in people 's hearts.Yes , *** spoiler alert *** the ending is definitely a tearjerker but the whole story put together is one of the few stories that changes you , makes you think and appreciate the little things more after watching it . This movie is truly art and I look forward to Mr. Moran 's deeper foray into the music world also one day , he has talent and gift that should be shared .
 So I watched this for the first time on netflix on a Sunday when i had nothing else to do . Did n't see myself crying multiple times within the next two hours ... but it happened haha . Amazing acting all around , I felt like every character hit the mark just right . Kent Moran who wrote , produced , and acted in this movie is definitely an up and coming star . Not to mention his musical abilities . Definitely a must see movie if you enjoy moving love stories .
 This film FAR exceded my expectations . It takes you on an amazing emotional journey from start to finish . An excellent production and definitely a love story that youll remember ! Great soundtrack too !
 Love this movie ! 1 . -RRB- Emotion ... The movie has some characters you will love and cheer for , and some you will hate .2 . -RRB- Twists ... The movie has a couple of turns that are unpredictable for sure . Without giving them away , this is n't a movie that just starts , tells one plain story , and ends .3 . -RRB- Great acting/powerful ... You get the feeling that you 're watching a real life story play out.One of my favorite movies , and when I started watching it , I did n't even think I 'd like it . Give it a try !
 I caught this movie today on LMN , when I was channel surfing . Unfortunately I missed the first 25 minutes . I tried not to let Kent Moran distract me from the plot , but he 's gorgeous . He 's a screenwriter , musician and actor huh ? Not just a pretty face . Anyways , back to the movie ... It was a movie about real people , that I could relate to . I 'm buying this so I can see what I missed .
 Great movie filmed in New York , directed by Matt Thompson and written by Kent Moran . Scenes were filmed with the ` Red Cam ' so it feels like you 're right there with the actors . It 's a great story about a high society deaf girl -LRB- controlled by her mother -RRB- and an ordinary ` Joe ' -LRB- who works for a living -RRB- who fall in love . His dream is music and so is hers , even though she ca n't hear . Make sure to have your tissue ready for it will tug at your heart and the tears will come.It has won many awards in the film festivals throughout the US , one which was ` Best Director ' at the Beverly Hills Film Festival.It 's another Love Story movie worth watching .
 Few films these days are truly inspired and challenge the viewer to become a better person for having watched the film . This is a rare gem that does just that . This film is crammed full of emotion and heart . It is absolutely a testament to the fact that love , generosity , selflessness , having an appreciation for life and caring for each person we meet will make this world a better place . This film will challenge you to take life and your dreams to the next level . ... And keep those tissues nearby . With this much emotion packed in , you 'll definitely need them .
 O.K. , I 'll admit this-I would have preferred this film to have been violent like the previous movies , rather than makeing it a PG-13 flick so that it would appeal to the kiddies . But it still has great action scenes , a cool story line , and decent preformances . The story goes like this
 THIS IS FAR BETTER THAN ROBOCOP 2 BUT STILL CA N'T MATCH UP TO THE EXCELLENT ROBOCOP
 RoboCop 3 is not as offensive as the first two and has an awsome movie concept!RoboCop 3 is a great thrill ride from beging to end.Although it is only rated one star by critics , I give it two thumbs up!Robert Burke is a great actor for the part and gives this climactic adventure a touch of drama , action , and humor . The PG-13 rating is what makes it better for younger ages to view and not as violent . Because my father and me trust and like Amazon.Com , you can trust this will be excellent quality guarenteed ! Enjoy your purchase !
 OCP plans to demolish one of the city 's largest neighborhoods to build a city of the future -- after an army of mercenaries finish throwing everyone out of their homes . But Robocop , sworn to protect the public , joins forces with a band of urban freedom fighters battling to save their neighborhood . It 's an all-out explosive street fight that could destroy either an entire city or the evil powers behind the brutal corporate raid .
 I found this one to be better than the second one - if you like movies you would want to watch all three of them or only the first one which is excellent and in my opinion the best of all of them .
 This is a kind of film you cant help but love . Ive seen some bad revews for this and dont listen to them . Its not as violent as the first two and focuses more on story than blood and gore . Yes the movie has it flaws with low budget special effects but there not that bad at all . Marvel liked it enough to start a comic book series right . The actor that plays Robo is not that bad and he has the perfect voice that sounds like a Robot . I loved this film as a kid and I still do . I mean come on it 's Robocop !
 Great sci-fi movie , I loved the new characters , The action was great , What 's sad about this movie is how robocop 's partner died from those basterd cops shooting at her , it brouht me tears to my eyes ,
 great old time TV . THIS SERIES WAS GREAT , when looking at whats on TV now , It makes great sence to get this series on DVD 's .
 Robocop 3 was released in 1993 . The rating is pg-13 . Peter Weller is replaced by Robert John Burke -LRB- Safe , Limitless -RRB- . The movie is directed by Fred Dekker -LRB- Ricochet -RRB- , written by Frank Miller.Robocop 3 stars Remy Ryan -LRB- Monkey Trouble -RRB- , Rip Torn -LRB- Men In Black , Extreme Prejudice -RRB- , CCH Pounder -LRB- Face Off , Avatar -RRB- , Mako -LRB- Pearl Harbor , Conan the Barbarian -RRB- , John Castle -LRB- Gods and Generals -RRB- . Omni Consumer Products OCP have created a new armed forces known as the Urban Rehabilitators and call themselves rehabs.They are leaded by Paul McDagget -LRB- John Castle -RRB- . They have better weapons and are more trained than the Detroit Police.They are mostly to kick out the remaining residents of Cadillac Heights and other areas.There is an underground resistance of civilians which the rehabs are tracking down .
 Robocop 3 is a good movie . While it loses some of the darker edge of the first two it makes up for it with a good story , equel amounts of action , cool new gadgets , and decent acting to boot.The story here is that OCP has officially taken over Detroit . However in the process they are being taken over by a Japanese Company -LRB- what goes around comes around -RRB- , their founder is dead and a bumbling fool is in his place . OCP has set up a band of Mercenaries to clear out the urban areas of Detroit so they can build Delta City . However to do so they need to clear out the people living there . In the process thousands are left homeless and seperated from their families . Evenutally Robocop takes a stand against this and in the process becomes a fugitive from the law . However in the end he exposes the evil that is going on and saves the day as he once again serves and protects.This is a better movie than # 2 mostly because they did tone down the violence level and focused on the story . While there is plenty of action and even some funny moments -LRB- like the little girl Niko controlling an Ed209 -RRB- this movie is more story driven . You actually start to care about the people losing their homes and it gives hope for the franchise . Definently recomended .
 I know what your thinking.The suddon drop from R to PG13 made it look like a movie for kids , but even though it does not have as much blood and gore as the first two , still is far more supireor because of the FX , the good sound effects and the movie was alot more action packed and dramatic than both of them.He has the new sweet gun that attaches to his arm equiped with a flame thrower , machine gun and a powerful gernade launcher that has the capability of destroying a very heavily armored tank which it does.Robocop 3 is a must see.The graphics were preety good and the jet pack added more action to the ending.This is far better than the first two.If you want my advice I say buy all 3 because they are all awesome but this one I think is the best .
 I watched this movie on Netflix and have every intention of buying the DVD - maybe it 's just because I 'm a little schoolgirl for Frank Miller and the RoboCop movies , but there 's a charm with 80s/90s special effects and stop-motion animation -LRB- ED-209 ! -RRB- that I just ca n't resist.I 'll try to keep this review as spoiler-free as possible.The movie starts out in a Detroit slum where people are being forced out of their homes so a new city can be built on their land . As it turns out , OCP is behind it because they 're teamed up with a megacorp in Japan who also has built their own RoboCop -LRB- who 's more like a samurai than a cop -RRB- . A little hacker girl gets lost in the confusion of being taken from her home and meets up with a group of -LRB- literally -RRB- underground rebels who are planning a hostile takeover of OCP . RoboCop shows up to try and sort out the mess , but gets heavily damaged by OCP 's police force and he teams up with the rebels . They reprogram him so that his main three prime directives stay intact , but they delete the fourth directive -LRB- never oppose an OCP officer -RRB- and he helps them fight back against the evil corporation.All in all , it 's a fun , Saturday afternoon sci-fi movie - but nothing more . Is it RoboCop ? Yes , but is it RoboCop 1 and 2 ? No . We 're missing Peter Weller -LRB- who was off doing another one my favorite movies at the time , `` Naked Lunch '' -RRB- and have a new guy who looks and sounds just like him playing the title character . Rip Torn is good as the OCP Chairman , and the acting is as decent as a sci-fi B-movie goes . The special effects are phenomenal for the time , including the brief use of stop-motion animation . But it is lacking the dark , edgy violence that the first two movies had . However , I 'm not going to hold that against it , and frankly I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.Check it out , but only if you 're a die-hard RoboCop fan .
 Robocop 3 is awesome . i do n't understand why so many people do n't like it . i think it 's a good movie . it 's a must see for robocop fans
 I watched Robocop a long time ago and loved it . Watching it again now is even better . What a great movie !!! There was so much in it that I did n't pick up when I was a teenager , but now , watching it from a man 's prospective , it 's a totally different experience . I really get sucked into it!The version of Robocop in this set is the `` un-rated '' version . Some of the scenes are extremely grusome . A lot more grusome than they were in the `` R '' rated version . -LRB- After seeing these scenes , I actually thought twice about eating red meat . -RRB- I would definitely keep kids away from watching it . Robocop 3 on the other hand -LRB- rated PG-13 -RRB- , is very strangely more family oriented . A lot less violent , with no use of the `` F '' bomb . Not as good as the other two movies , but it has it 's moments.If you remember and liked the Robocop movies -LRB- especially the first one -RRB- , this set is worth picking up . The movies were ahead of there time and have aged very well . A `` must have '' DVD set for me , and maybe for you too !
 The powers that be want to relocate women , children , the elderly from their homes to make way for Delta City . These people are labeled as `` terrorists '' for not wanting to leave . This was back in 1993 . That is the great thing about science fiction , you can point all all the injustice and absurdities of our time and get away with it.Judge the movie on its on merits and do n't be biased because the title is Robocop 3 . It is fun and it is good science fiction . It 's message of `` out of control executive power '' is even a bit scary as it is too close to home these days.Oh and talk about fun , catch Bradley Whitford from West Wing and Jill Henessey from Law and Order and Rip Torn from `` Men in Black '' in supporting roles . It makes the movie worth watching over and over .
 After hearing so many negative reviews and seeing that this movie is rated pg-13 and does n't have the original guy who played robocop in the 1st two films !! ... I had no interest in even watching it !!! . . I loved the first two movies because of the dark humor , great story-lines and the excellent graphics !! ... anyways ... I ended up buying the 20th anniversary edition of the 1st movie that just released ... then happened to come across both the 2nd and 3rd movies in the $ 5 bin at Wal-Mart ... I debated so long on whether to buy the 3rd film or not ... I ended up buying it only to complete my robocop collection ... I waited about a week later to watch it ... needless to say ... I LOVED IT !!! ... The dark humor is still there !!! . . I did n't notice a change at all in the movie being that it 's rated pg-13 ... still shows realist gun shots , swearing . . etc. . . and most of all ... this new guy who plays robocop ... LOOKS ALMOST IDENTICAL TO THE ORIGINAL GUY WHO PLAYED ROBOCOP . . PETER !!! ... with , and without the helmet !! ... if you 're a robo cop fan . . definately watch this film . . you wo n't think twice about adding it to the collection !!!
 Good God , is this guy really giving Robocop 3 four stars ?? Yup , he is . Oh , I realize that by this point everything had gotten more cartoonish , toned down and audience friendly . It seems as though this film was made to prepare us for the cartoon and tv show.Though the gritty , brutal violent tone of the first film is gone , I liked this in a much different way than I liked the first film.To make way for Delta City , people are being forcefully removed from their homes by armed thugs working for OCP -LRB- which is now owned by the Japanese -RRB- . An underground resistance is growing , and soon Robocop finds himself working with the underground when his longtime partner Lewis -LRB- Nancy Allen -RRB- is killed . Robocop has to go up against the OCP thugs and some cyborg ninjas . And to make matters easier , he has that pesky `` Do n't act against an OCP officer '' directive removed!There 's nothing extremely original brought to the table here . Yeah , Robocop gets a new jetpack enabling him to fly , and a large gun attachment for his hand . Whoopee ! This film does feature something I ca n't stand-The preteen computer genius child who knows how to hack into anything and everything . I know kids are very computer savvy these days , but it just irritates the hell out of me to see children doing stuff that a seasoned veteran hacker would never think of . Is this supposed to be cute ? I hated it in Jurassic Park , and I still friggin ' hate it in Robocop 3 !!! I like Robert John Burke , always have . Since we 're used to Peter Weller 's looks and voice , it 's kinda hard to simply accept Burke . If he had played Robocop from the beginning , it would certainly be much easier to take . I think he would have done well in the original , though Weller was great.This film was directed by Fred Dekker , a favorite of horror movies fans as he made the classics , Night of the Creeps and The Monster Squad . Robocop 3 definitely seems more of a studio project , as Dekker 's style is n't really on display here . Dekker himself pretty much cites the film as the one that ended his directing career.Well , I certainly ca n't really defend this movie , coz I do see it for the crap that it is , and how far gone it is from the original Robocop concept . Maybe I was just in a funky mood when I watched it again -LRB- I originally saw it in the theater back in the day -RRB- coz I actually enjoyed it . Hell , I liked Superman 4 , do n't listen to me .
 I 'm not a fan of Robocop and the movies with him , especially the ones from 2001 , but this movie has totally changed my mind about him . This movie has great action , a good plot , great costumes , and a great script . I do n't know why everyone gave gave this movie bad reviews because it 's not a bad movie . I give it 5 STARS ! Loved it !
 he 's back to stop chaos , corruption and civil war . Interational corporate gaint Omni Consumer Coporation -LRB- O.C.P -RRB- has transformed the city 's last remaining neighbourhoods into virtual war zones to make way for the construction of its long planned , gleaming metropolis , Delta city . As the buildings burn and the streets become ruled by armed commandoes , hundreds of innocent citizens hold out for more than a miracle.They need a hero ... packing some serious hi-tech hardware , the cyborg supercop is back with a cause and a conscience as robocop goes renegade to save the ravaged city from total destruction.robocop 3 half man . Half machine . Full metal muscle . This time our superhero law enforcer is back without a badge ... and he means business he back to lay down the lay once and for all !!!!!
 Robocop 3 was n't nearly as unintentionally comical as I had hoped . Instead , it 's pretty similar to the original Robocop , but with updated movie technics to make the picture and effects at least appear better , even though the storytelling is just as cheesy as it always was.One thing that was very cheesy was the ending where Robocop finds an ability to fly . It was extremely funny watching him fly around the city taking out the bad guys.The amount of action was pretty good , as far as enjoyment in that area is concerned . As for the storytelling aspect , well , a little girl entered the scene in the very beginning that showed her parents getting shoved into a bus , never to be seen again . The little girl , who 's a computer genius , becomes friends with Robocop.If you liked the first Robocop , I believe you 'll this one just as much . There 's plenty of humor as well , mostly from the words Robocop says . Just forget about `` flying Robocop '' near the end .
 This is the first time I remember the third film in a series being the absolute best . Maybe it is because this is the film where Robocop finally gets his priorities straight - as well as the rest of the Detroit PD . I always saw the character as more of a knight in shining armor than a cop , and here he comes across as all that . As a matter of fact , with his new flight pack he comes across as a shining avenging angel.I especially enjoyed the scenes where the corporate managers of the OCP Corp -LRB- Offensive Capitalist Pigs -RRB- offed thenselves by jumping out of windows and shooting themselves . Too bad life does n't follow art more often . After all , this film only slightly exagerates the attitude of multinational corporate managers towards the American people . They sold us out to their corporate masters ... There were scenes in this movie that I actually stood and cheered for , and other scenes that brought a lump to my throat . That does n't happen very often to me these days . Then I notice who wrote the screenplay - the great Frank Miller -LRB- `` Batman
 The finest film of the three and easily the best science fiction film of the past half-century , Robocop 3 is a film epic.Few films are able to successfully combine the meta-ideas that haunt Mary Shelley 's work and appropriately transform the tenets of Victorian horror to the screen . Robocop 3 accomplishes this masterfully , yet also manages to retain the subtleties of character not seen in a script since Hoffman 's and Bancroft 's work in `` The Graduate '' . The cinematic special effects wizardry are perhaps only dwarfed by the Oscar-worthy performances of this elite ensemble cast . In the hands of this clever and artful set of actors the amazingly rich script blossoms like Netherlands tulip fields . Richly woven into every scene are shades of texture and plot that Ridley Scott himself would do well to learn . Absorbing the carefully crafted plot is like imbibing the best of Hitchcock . The sci-fi cinemetography brings that of the Star Wars series to but a pale comparison . Opulant in its expression of new ideas , this film is nothing less than ground breaking.This is a film that truly deals with man 's struggle with himself and an increasingly impersonal , mechanized world -- yet it is capable of other scales too as these struggles are cast against a backdrop of social class turmoil * and * a rich commentary on the effects of globalization on local communities.I imagine it would be hard for the team that created this to top themselves .
 This is a fun B movie and a nice sequel ! No one loves this movies but me !
 RoboCop 3 is not as offensive as the first two and has an awsome movie concept!RoboCop 3 is a great thrill ride from beging to end.Although it is only rated one star by critics , I give it two thumbs up!Robert Burke is a great actor for the part and gives this climactic adventure a touch of drama , action , and humor . The PG-13 rating is what makes it better for younger ages to view and not as violent . Because my father and me trust and like Amazon . Com , you can trust this will be excellent quality guarenteed ! Enjoy your purchase !!!
 This film got alot of negative reviews . Notice the five stars I 'm giving it ? That means positive.This was actually the first Robocop movie I ever watched -LRB- The other 2 were rated R , and at the time I was only 10 -RRB- , and Robocop shot right up there with Batman and Spiderman . So , I suppose I 'm a bit biased , and prolly should rate it lower , but I just couldnt do that to one of my all-time favorites -LRB- and one of my first -RRB- action movies .
 This has to be the best Robocop ever ! It 's not as dark and scary as the first two . And the new pers - on who played Robocop did beter than Peter Wellar . IF you love Robocop thsi is the best trilogy ! ED - 209 returns as well !
 Robocop rocks in this movie ! First he 's got a new gun that can snap to his hand then he 's got a jet-pack . This is a must see .
 Even though this concert is only about an hour long , you feel like you spent the whole evening with Ringo . He is very concious of the fans . He seems to always be relating with them while you watch this Blu Ray . He makes you feel like your right there along with him too . You never feel disconnected or left out . I love the way he did the UN-Encore . That cracked me up ! You have to see it . I ca n't tell it in a way that would equal the way Mr. Starkey does it . I ` LOVED ' seeing him get behind the drums for a while too , even though he also had to be the front man . Oh , and he even played the Piano at the beginning of ` Do n't Pass Me By ' ! The band was tight and sounded great . I do n't think there was a moment that Ringo did n't smile , and I appreciated that . What a showman . I HOPE I get to see him live at least once , before he decides to call it quits . He never acted like he was special , or elevated himself over the other band members . He was just being one of the guys . Although , we all know he 's special , ... and always will be .
 John was hard core , Paul was romantic , George the mystic , and Ringo is still just a neat happy guy . My impression is the others would be hard to know but Ringo would be fun to hang out with . Not so munch into this music as I was the Beatles but just to see Ringo solo was worth it !!
 This concert features Ringo playing Beatles classics that he rarely performs live -LRB- if ever -RRB- ... Do n't Pass Me By and Octopuses Garden ! Ive seen Ringo live several time and these great songs are left out . Considering how great they sound on this concert i hope he considers including them as concert staples . This show lacks the usual greatest hits night of the supporting band -LRB- although it has Who Can It Be Now by the Men At Work guy -RRB- . Wish it included more songs from the band ... their contribution is half the show ! Instead you get Ringos new material which some songs are surprisingly catchy . . others the usual B-side at best type songs . Sound quality and picture on this blu-ray are awesome ! Loved it !
 `` Ringo Starr and the Rounheads - Live '' is a 55 minute long , 14 song concert disk released by Soundstage for PBS television , WTTW 11 of Chicago . It is delightful from start to finish , beginning and ending with a Beatles song . Colin Hays -LRB- Men at Work -RRB- took to the stage as a guest artist to perform `` Who Can It Be Now '' . Among the Beatles songs executed by the group are ones on which Ringo Starr sang lead vocals as a Beatle , or for which he is credited as co-writer of the song
 Ringo and his band did a very nice job . The only dissapointing thing was they played for only an hour .
 Recorded live at the historic Geneese Theatre in Waukegan , Illinois a one night only concert must of been recorded about the same time as Concert by The Lake with Eric Clapton & friends with special guest Ringo Starr . This was a 2008 sold out soundstage live concert only 56 minutes long but an all round good performmance by Ringo Starr musicians and special guest Colin Hay singing classics , Song List
 Having seen Ringo and his All Starr Band play live in Liverpool and Glasgow last June , I pretty much knew what to expect from this Blu-ray . I was n't disappointed ! Ringo plays to a formula that works a treat . He keeps the crowd on their feet pretty much the whole time with so many hits from both Beatle days and his solo career . What a treat to see Do n't Pass Me By , complete with piano introduction ! The band are tight and the picture and sound quality of the blu-ray are excellent . My only disappointments are that it runs for less than an hour , there are no extras on the disc and information about the gig and musicians is almost non-existent . There is also a mistake in the credits where the band is shown as including `` Mark Har '' . The keyboard player is former Crowded House member Mark Hart . An unforgivable error . Having said all that , the disc is very entertaining and recommended .
 I was really impressed with this Blu-ray concert . Ringo performed really well . The musicians on stage were very talented and suited Ringo perfectly .
 Loved this movie , presented real life issues that are not discussed in every day life . Finally a movie that does n't paint mental illness in a negative mannor , we are all suffering just in different ways , I think this movie really showed that . As well as funny .
 Fantastic coming of age story , should be a must for teenagers !! Great life lessons of humanity . Very well done . Love it !
 I did n't have high expectations of this movie while watching the trailer . That soon changed after the story started to unfold . The characters were great and I think this movie was actually pretty funny for a drama .
 Great story that sucks you in and even has a good soundtrack . You will not regret seeing this film . The Bowie concert scene ... classic ; gave me goose bumps . While Dylan 's quote is good , I like Red 's from Shawshank Redemption . . `` get busy livin or get busy dyin . '' Now you have to see the movie to understand what I 'm talking about ! You 're welcome .
 This is was a small market movie -LRB- saw it in the theater ; have not yet listend to the blu-ray so this is not a completely fair review of the actual product ; though I did purchase it -RRB- . Think garden state -LRB- though the story is very different -RRB- . 100 % recommended heart warming story .
 This Blu-Ray tells a good story about a teenage boy coming of age . It is funny at times yet dramatic at times as well . The actors in this film do a great job of making it believable . I give the PQ on this Blu-ray 4 stars & the AQ 3.5 stars out of a possible 5 . I would and have recommend this film to a friend .
 Both Zach Gilifinakis & Kier Gilchrist put on amazing performances in this film . A great dark comedy on what it 's like to find yourself and the struggles along the way .
 This movie does a tremendous job of taking reality and comedy and mixing them together perfectly . It was easy to identify with the main characters in a very real way , but there was enough laughter that it was n't emotionally exhausting .
 One of my favorite movies of all time . Well acted . Zack brings it . Hardcore.Well scripted . Like seriously ... Well executed .
 This movie will rock your world . It is a must own . As I now do . Zach is amazing in this heart warming story . He makes it feel real , while keeping a serious topic light heart-ed . It really is a kind of funny story ... expect super funny .
 The movie should be called `` It 's Kind of an Amazing Movie '' . When you go see a Zach Galifianakis movie , you do n't expect anything more than a stupid comedy -LRB- that has potential to be good -RRB- , but `` It 's Kind of a Funny Story '' was way better than the exceptions I had . The movie was funny , intense , and some-what depressing/sad . The movie makes you think about life . The movie makes you think about how lucky you are or realize the good things in life . This movie is a must see . It is truly amazing and probably one of the best movies of 2010 so far .
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story is an uplifting tale about a teenager overwhelmed by academic and social pressures who briefly checks himself into a psychiatric hospital . The lead actor , Keir Gilchrist -LRB- Craig -RRB- , nails his role as a somber and confused 16-year-old . The supporting cast is good as well , although the female love interest is a bit cardboard and the resolution clich&eacute;d . The psychiatric hospital is also much more benign than any I have encountered -LRB- See Lemas Mitchell 's Amazon review for a list of reality checks -RRB- . But that 's not really the point ; it 's more of a coming-of-age story about an adolescent trying to find his place in the world . What I liked most is the film 's message about the importance of kindness ; Craig is truly a kind person who feels for other people , and the other patients and staff for the most part echo that kindness and caring . Another highlight is Zach Galifianakis 's creative and quirky direction , especially the scenes when Craig retreats into his active fantasy world as he sings , draws , and reminisces . Overall , I would recommend this movie for a pleasant and humorous escapist jaunt .
 I saw It 's Kind of a Funny Story in theatres for a friend 's birthday party . She gave us the options for movies and I had no idea what any of the suggested were about . I had no expectations -LRB- actually I did n't want to see the movie at all ... I voted for one of the other movies -RRB- but after the movie was over I wanted to watch it again!One of the great things about this movie is the characters . They 're screwed up , and likeable , and an interesting band of personalities all shoved into one spot . The different insights they make on living life are , yes a little cliched , but stuff would n't be cliched if they were n't applicable ! It 's fun watching the main character turn into what he wanted and take charge of his life . It was funny , awkward , romantic , made some really good points , sad , and it gives a warm fuzzy feeling!After I saw that movie I went straight to the bookstore ! I needed more ! I read the book in a matter of days . This is the first time I 've ever said -LRB- typed -RRB- anything like this
 You would think a movie about a kid who checks himself into a psych ward would NOT be `` kind of a funny story '' . This is an amazing story - it will make you laugh , chuckle , and think . Every actor/actress gives a great performance . As the mother of a 17 and 18 year old it made me understand the amount of pressure they are under in their every day lives and how we sometimes , unknowingly , add to that pressure .
 Personally at a low point in my life , this film was perfect to help me with my giddy up . The point is to be grateful for life and live it . A very meaningful story .
 A depressed high schooler commits himself in to a psychiatric ward and discovers himself . After a year of suicidal thoughts and dreams , caused by the stress of getting in to a good school , Craig -LRB- Gilchrist -RRB- commits himself `` accidentely '' to a psych ward at the local hospital . While there he meets new friends Noelle -LRB- Roberts -RRB- and Bobby -LRB- Zach Galifianakis -RRB- and realizes he has more to give . The subject matter is serious but the movie is actually pretty light-hearted and ... kind of funny ... -LRB- get it ? -RRB- . Galifianakis plays a different role in this then we are used to , but does a good job with it and I would not be surprised to see more like this come his way . I ca n't talk too much about this without giving anything away but I would definatly pick this one up . A feel good movie about mental patients , how many of those have you seen ? I give it a B + . Would I watch again ? - Yes , I think I would .
 This was a fantastic movie ! It deals with a very , very serious issue ... but it does so in a way that is more lighthearted and `` normal . '' We watched this movie with our 14-year old daughter , and I think it was an appropriate message for her . Number one , it shows how serious teen suicide is taken . Two , it shows how often adults just do n't `` get '' what their children are going through . And three , it was entertaining and heartwarming . Great movie .
 Over the past 3 months I have watched 2 movies per day . Kind of bad habit , but also a great one . Anyway , this movie combines the artistic elements of Science of Sleep to bring you into an imaginative and whimsical state of mind . It follows a quirky teenage kid , who is overly stressed and kind of dorky , in the line of Gordon-Levitt in 500 days of summer , while being set in a psychiatric wing of a hospital , a la Girl Interrupted . Bottom Line
 Grab a teen and watch it with them if you 've got one around.Saw it awhile ago , was n't that impressed . Teenaged Daughter wanted to watch it , so I sat with her and enjoyed it more this time.Thought provoking , and a conversation starter .
 Keir Gilchrist , an impressive kid actor of kid movies , had grown up as well as his character-a sixteen year old sex-experimenting pupil who had checked himself into psycho ward to cure from depression with a single pill only.It is surely a deep-meaningful work for viewers M15 + , of a kind of such a medicine and a world in and outside the nut house screened .
 I would n't say I would willingly watch it again and again and again . But it was cute and good the first time !
 Good movie with good story line . Just what I expected from this , good story line with live issues . Not a typical Hollywood movie .
 The author had taken a great opportunity to show us that we can find the good in everything and that we can comfort , support and encouragement to absolutely everyone . What a great life stork .
 A very funny movie ! Solid cast . Zach Galifianakis killed it again . This guys wears crazy like a big fuzzy sweater !
 a bittersweet story that ends with a warm heart - a good thing to feel at this particular moment in time
 I enjoy the fact that this movie portrays mental illness as not necessarily &#34; crazy &#34; but something anyone can catch . I just wish Gilchrist was n't so awkward . He certainly plays the part of a 16 year old boy well . Maybe some years from now we 'll see him man up in a really male oriented role . With his body , he certainly has the potential to be a future Marvel super hero .
 This was a different kind of story ... I like different , so it was good . It 's not your typical comedy , but it 's not a real drama either . Obviously taking place in a psych ward of a hospital , it 's got both humor and serious moments that were well done by the actors .
 A humorous but also serious look at a sensitive issue , teens and adults who suffer from depression and other mental health issues . Loved it .
 Beautiful movie . Very inspiring . Could n't have imagined better actors for it , they were perfect ! Healing is possible and things look up eventually , it 's just a matter of perspective ; -RRB-
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story , based on Ned Vezzini 's novel , is a black comedy that surprisingly keeps you entertained , Zach Galifianakis , keeps you wanting more . Mental illness is certainly not a comical thing but people portraying it is . The movie is mainly shot in a mental hospital ward that host an array of characters . When an over stressed sixteen year old , Craig -LRB- Kier Gielchrist -RRB- , feels that he ca n't cope anymore ; he freely checks himself into a mental hospital for depression . He meets Bobby -LRB- Zach Galifianakis -RRB- , a depressed patient -LRB- that is hilarious -RRB- , is the `` go - to guy '' for the psych ward . He befriends Craig and surprisingly help one another . Noelle -LRB- Emma Roberts -RRB- , plays a depressed teen , who Craig sees a love interest in , and blossoms into a unique relationship . Craig , may be depressed and somewhat suicidal but when he arrives at the hospital and realizes everyone really is `` crazy '' and his problems are really not big anymore . Reluctant to stay , now forced to be committed for a five day stay , Craig works through his feelings with the help staff psychiatrist , Dr. Minerva -LRB- Viola Davis -RRB- . Once , the un - cool kid in school , is a now `` Cool Craig . '' Craig , realizes his life is really worth living for.Directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck -LRB- Half Nelson , Sugar -RRB- , It 's Kind of a Funny Story , gives plenty of animation , retrospect and music as audio components . Boden and Fleck , do a superb job coinciding the music with animation . One scene , when Craig is the vocals on music night . He `` rocks - out '' Davie Bowie 's Under Pressure . It 's kind of a Funny Story , is a whimsical , light - hearted story , that combines humor and seriousness into a unique story .
 `` It 's Kinda of a Funny Story '' is the archetypal film I 've come to expect from Focus Features - good acting , serious drama and enough comedic moments to draw the viewer in and offset the heavier moments . Zach Galifianakis is great in his support role ; he really ties the whole story together as the wise character Bobby who seems to know everything about the people and inner workings of their unit . This `` all-knowing '' quality is the only characteristic that at times seems a bit inauthentic in the character . However , his personal story as a father struggling to overcome suicidal ideation is a refreshing change from the roles we usually see from Galifianakis . Keir Gilchrist delivers a fantastic performance as Craig , a teen trying to deal with all sorts of pressures from family , friends , and himself . The number of cutaway fantasy gags give the viewer a glimpse into his psyche and are usually hilarious and something most people can relate to . Having worked in a mental health hospital , I can say that in spite of a few film industry liberties , it is a rather authentic portrayal of life in a program for people with various psychological issues . Definitely worth seeing .
 I liked it . The message was good and there is plenty of relating points . I think they did a good job of blending humor with realistic life experiences . The cast does a good job holding my attention throughout the movie . Worth the watch if you like Sundance type films .
 This is a film that its a must to see , it is just a fresh and funny poke to the heart specially in this days .
 this movie was a mix of a comedy with some profound words . i 've always wondered what a mental facility was and this movie has cleared it up for me . i absolutely love craig an noelle they make the cutest couple !
 There are plenty of stories about troubled teens , this is one of the better ones . I thought the performances quite good , I particularly liked the female lead . There are some nice surprises . And the overall message , choose life , hit home for me .
 It does n't appear as though there are any scratches to the CD that I can tell . However , when I opened the case , I did notice that someone had thumbed it up quite a bit . There were fingerprints all over the top of the CD . But the bottom looks to be alright . I 'm taking it to a friend in a shop downtown next time I go to put the CD through their buffer machine just incase , but really I think it 's fine . : -RRB- The movie came in it 's original casing . I 'm pretty excited to own it !
 This thing blew me away ! Absolutely amazing ! Makes me feel ... almost ... normal . Got ta see it . Well acted and put together .
 I had heard about this movie from my grandaughter . Amazon gives a very explicit description of what the movie is about . The movie I received was in great shape , plays very well , and I love the movie ! Please check out Amazon.com new or used stuff before you purchase in a store !
 The movie played great and was not scratched but the case was broken where it is suppose to hold the disk in place .
 Great story of a teenager who spends a week in a mental health ward makes new friends and changes his life .
 more adolescent angst than a real look at depression or mental health . but , entertaining , and uplifting . well produced and performed . definitely light , but entertainment that perks you up a bit
 never even heard of it , sounded fun and holy cow , great little movie ! Moonrise Kingdom meets One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . And a great coming of age story , both for those in the middle of it and those way , way beyond it . Like me .
 This movie is a must see for teens and parents alike . It may seem like another teen romantic comedy/drama but it is a gentle reminder of the pressures that we place on our children when they are developing impressions of themselves . Well done coming from the mother of a teen under pressure !
 Saying this is a coming of age story just doesnt cover it . This movie is great and shows the difficulty of a teenager in high school facing pressure from his parents and just wants to get away from it all . This film would be great for people of the relating age group and even adults alike .
 First off this movie is really good ! Loved in fact ! The best part was that when I rent it , I went to my email to check how much the movie total was with tax and all it was FREE !!! Promo 's somehow or something and I got it for free so it made it even more great!Kurtis
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my little sister . It arrived in good condition . I have also watched this movie , and I enjoyed it .
 I was n't expecting too much but was really blown away - it 's a great , funny , touching , and very real to life story .
 I really liked this movie . The previews made it seem a bit sad . It was nice to see Zach be a different character , and everyone else was also excellent . The under pressure scene is awesome .
 We watched it twice in the 24 hour rental period!I would definitely tell my friends and family about it .
 We liked this movie . It has interesting characters and subject that is at times funny , sad and touching . I would recommend it .
 If you 're put off by the theme - characters in a psychiatric ward who have suicidal thoughts - do n't be . This is in fact a very funny movie , as well as a moving and thoughtful one , with excellent performances by Zach Galifianakis and Keir Gilchrist . Highly recommended .
 Surprisingly fun . Emma Roberts never disappoints me . Warm hearted story of a teenage boy who thinks his life is so bad -LRB- what else is new -RRB- until he seeks help for his depression and unknowingly commits himself for an an extended period of time and befriends other patients with `` real life '' issues . Light , touching and great character performances .
 my husband and I both liked this movie a great deal . we did not know what to expect , since we had never heard of it , but we were glad that we watched it . We are all a little crazy sometimes , and struggling to get through our lives , and be happy . This movie will inspire you , and make you feel good .
 Pretty funny , if your a fan of Gilafinakis this is n't his typical slapstick laughin but it is worth a watch
 Was n't expecting this movie to be as wonderful as it is . Definitely worth watching ! It is sad , funny , serious , uplifting , insightful and a lot more . I do n't think the depiction of a mental hospital was very accurate but I loved the characters and thought most were honest portrayals .
 A sweet story of a young teen who semi-contemplates suicide and finds himself admitted to a psychiatric ward where he meets varying degrees of mental stability . He is befriended by one of the more stable patients who kinda guides him through it all . Meanwhile , he discovers his new friend is n't all bravado after all and has his own personal pain .
 Very good , heart-felt movie about the struggles we can go through in life , and how we need others sometimes to help us through them . Would definitely recommend this movie .
 Something different without a predictable plot , ends with a realistic outcome -- not some Hollywood version of life . And who does n't appreciate the classic `` Under Pressure '' by Queen
 Funny and yet very insightful of our human nature . Everyone has issues in their life , learning to handle them is what life is all about . Enjoyed it .
 Good teenish movie that is for all the age groups . Funny scenes , some serious ones , and Zach has a couple of solid moments . Give it a chance , it will make you smile in a genuine way . And what would be wrong with that ?
 I was n't hoping to get an enjoyable view out of this , but I loved this movie . I recommend others to watch it .
 Kind of funny , also serious , this was an excellent coming-of-age movie . Great cast . Good music . Things were n't so supercharged when I went to high school , but I could still relate . -LRB- There were maybe a couple of moments when I had to suspend disbelief , but none that jerked me out of the movie . -RRB-
 A very different film for those looking for something that is n't quite like the rest . I would recommend this film to anyone who has a good heart and a love for good screen writing .
 I got some laughs and decent feedback from customers as IKOAFS screened this week but the Blu quality is what most people were noticing on the display . Universal put together one of their normally packed BDs with solid specs to back it up.I did not watch this to be a documentary or fair representation of the institutional psychiatric field , so I got some fair entertainment and time well-spent out of this -LRB- lots of complaining out there -RRB- . The picture quality is outstanding with all of the shortcomings of certain faces shining through a bit too much . The art-imposed-on-the-screen montages came through a little bit better than the big screen , with that sunset on top of the hospital scene looking deliberately fake -LRB- in other words the special effects are not BD worthy but they still looked fine -RRB- . The DTS really only gets tested in the concert scene and the music piece at the end , actually any of those dream/neo-reality/art sequences use the outer channels some . The special features : * Deleted scenes , 8:45 minutes . Lengthy at times with only a couple of Galifianakis clips having hit the floor . Really worthy for the Gilchrist fans . * Outtakes , 11:28 minutes . Also feels lengthy but a few of the expected ZG jokes and ad-libs make it worth your while . They bleeped out the foul language - lame . * A Look Inside , 3:11 minutes . A clip heavy ad-plug piece with some talking heads gushing storyline and support , skipper . * Premiere at NYC , 2:30 minutes . Some red carpet interviews centering on ZGs talent and Ryan Fleck giving some quick background . * pocket BLU app with the iPad enhancement now . Found nothing new on the BD live section.A worthy renter for those wanting a decent character coming-of-age piece , and maybe a buyer for fans of ZG looking to see him deliver a talented dark performance . 3.5 for the film , 1.5 for the BD specs and features .
 Watch Zach Galifianakis ' performance in the movies Hangover and Dinner for Schmucks gave me heartache with his fake acting and exaggerated effort to invoke laughter . Additionally , the previews of this movie did not help in rehabilitating Galifianakis ' image . Yet , in this movie , Galifianakis performed exceptionally well . With a story founded on realistic scenario , every actor became a star . Galifianakis ' curse was avoided by his serious reaction , getting angry , and snapping when things required a reasonable person to do so.The movie 's success stems from presenting parallels of psychiatric behaviors that could easily illuminate the underlying elements of mental illness.The 16-year-old Craig , with no prior exposure to real life stressors , walked into the emergency room seeking immediate relief from his depression . After begging to get admitted , Craig realized immediately the limitation of the medical profession in catering to his perceived and emergent needs . He must stay in the custody of the psychiatric ward for a minimum of five days before he could regain his freedom . Overcoming the stigma of psychiatric incarceration took incremental successive steps until Craig was able to fit in and tolerate the judgment of the outside world on his condition.The movie lasted through the entire five days of Craig 's hospitalization and his revolutionary influence on both the inpatients and the outsiders . Starting from Bobby -LRB- Galifianakis -RRB- , Craig was able to share , give and take experience with Bobby who sounded saner than what he perceived himself to be . In his immediate neighborhood , Craig unveiled the bright side of the Egyptian patient , Muqtadda and got him to get out of his seclusion and dance on the hospital floor , on the Egyptian music.Better yet , Craig left the hospital with a a sweat heart Noel who appeared to have been written in his book as his destiny , love , and strife for calm . Craig triumphed over obsession with his friend 's girl friend after getting beaten up by Muqtadda for using the latter 's bed to make love.The story was not just funny , but a real life lesson on how to gain perspectives in dealing with life conflicts and staying sane . Within five days , Craig left the hospital with a clean bill of health and entire new look on the world . He started appreciating having a father who could buy and deliver pizza at his son 's request to the mental hospital , lending a shirt to Bobby , and flashing eight dollars to the impoverished inpatients.Once outside the psychiatric ward , Craig needed no trickery or gimmicks to enjoy the liberty of getting outside , breathing fresh air , and enjoying the unlimited space without steel bars or security guards . Craig left the psychiatric ward with a sweat heart , many new friends , great appreciation for liberty , health , and happiness , and a pledge to volunteer to such great cause .
 Directing team Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden burst onto the indie scene a couple years ago with the incredibly dreary but amazingly disarming Half-Nelson , in which a basehead Ryan Gosling showed himself as an actor of incredible , incredible talent , allowing more jaded moviegoers to forgive him for The Notebook . Now , some four or five years later , they have given the same opportunity to Zack Galifinakis , allowing him to stretch his acting chops in the shoes of a mental patient . While the result is not quite as heart-rending as Half-Nelson , It 's Kind of A Funny Story is enjoyable in a different way . It is a light , entertaining coming of age story with a brisk pace and good message . Sometimes that is all a film needs . With such morbid offerings in Hollywood these days -LRB- Black Swan , Let me In , Winter 's Bone , et al -RRB- , it is nice to find a film that nurtures its characters , allows them a chance to branch out , but provides them with * spoiler * a reasonably happy ending.The film is about a teen who finds himself somewhat suicidal with a family who are well-meaning but do n't quite have enough time for him so he checks himself into a mental hospital and befriends both an older patient and a troubled girl his own age . Zack G. shines in the mentor role . Unlike the Hangover , he does n't feel like he is just using random bits from his stand-up routine . His character is rounded and believable . The main kid does a great job . His eyes are dark and full of the sort of angst that most teens come to hate at times , feeling lost and that life is a pointless exercise . The girl is also believable as an indie chick with some pain up her sleeve , even if the cause of her trouble is never fully explained.The film is a far far lighter endeavor than both Girl , Interrupted or Milos Forman 's classic One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . There are a lot of scenes of positive reinforcement and dealing with issues in a constructive manner . One meltdown aside , the film portrays its subjects as virtually across-the-board endearing , perhaps a little too much so . Gone are the shuffling catatonics of Cuckoo 's Nest -LRB- Men David Foster Wallace might call `` crocodiles '' -RRB- . Absent are the eerie-eyed beauties of Girl , Interrupted who have sacrificed everything and will continue catapulting toward the abyss until a heavy shot in the arm silences them . Fleck and Boden 's film is different . Perhaps it speaks to the way the mental treatment business has undergone some long-awaited improvements in the past few decades . Perhaps it is only wearing rosy-tinted glasses.Regardless , the film remains respectful of those with mental disorders , reiterating for perhaps not so savvy audience members that diseases of the brain are nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed by . Dealing with this stigma is laudable and so is showing problems as conquerable - and not in a Nurse Ratchet manner . Hope is a precious commodity in Hollywood these days . If it comes in a David Bowie dance number or clandestine jaunts through the hospital in promoted scrubs , so be it . There is room for a life lesson or two that avoid saccharine by a few steps and a love story that is so cleverly self-referencial to avoid running aground on cliche.For anyone looking an accompaniment to Renton 's `` choose life '' speech at the end of Trainspotting -LRB- albiet a lot lighter -RRB- , this film will satisfy . It will leave you feeling good . Released . Sometimes that is all a movie needs to do to be memorable . To make you feel worthy , human and very much alive .
 The part of this movie that deals with mental illness is n't as important as the part that deals with being human . A mental ward is the backdrop because who is n't crazy in one way or another . Or , as Rosalind says in `` As You Like It '
 This was real , hilarious in parts , very well-acted , uplifting without being too sappy , and there is one line in this movie that made me HOWL with laughter . A description . See if it hits you , too . Really sweet movie , well worth it . And the tour of the draw ... well , just rent it . Lots of fun .
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story is a well-made film that takes a somewhat lighthearted look at teen depression , frustration and angst ; the filmmakers probably wanted to keep things amusing at times so that the subject matter would not turn off the audience . The plot moves along quite well ; and the cinematography and choreography reflect great forethought . The acting is very convincing ; the musical score is quite good and Craig 's rock and roll star `` dream sequence '' also enhances the film.When the action starts , we meet Craig -LRB- Keir Gilchrist -RRB- , a teenager fraught with frustration and depression mostly about keeping up with the other students in a school for the gifted ; and it does n't help matters that the girl Craig has his eyes on , Nia -LRB- Zo Kravitz -RRB- , is dating his best friend Aaron -LRB- Thomas Mann -RRB- for whom everything comes easy in life . Not only is Aaron able to score with the girl Craig is interested in , Aaron even has a 4.6 average ! Craig is also under intense pressure to attend a prestigious summer school and give up his chance to have at least a little fun in his life . Unfortunately for Craig , this is all too much ; he becomes quite depressed and contemplates suicide more and more . After almost killing himself , Craig checks himself into a hospital for depression and suicidal thoughts naively thinking he can be released the very next day because he has school and ca n't miss it!However , Craig ca n't be released all that quickly -- hospital policy -- and things take an interesting turn when Craig is told that the teen ward is being renovated and he must stay on an adult psychiatric ward . Craig naturally meets all types of patients
 My husband and I were really , pleasantly surprised at how GOOD this movie was . We had no idea what it really was about , and it was REALLY good !! NO -LRB- or little -RRB- profanity , good characterizations , heart-warming without being sappy . We rate it a 4 and I really want my 29 year old son to see it . He likes `` off-beat '' movies . This is a winner !!
 It 's kind of a funny story turned out to be a hit . It 's about a young teenager who is depressed . One night he really thinks about killing himself , but instead decides to ask for help . He goes to a hospital and asks to be admitted . It does a good job of really showing how Greg -LRB- the young teenager -RRB- gets threw this hard time . I really emjoyed the movie to watch him hurt in the beginning to feeling better at the end . Most people who are depressed do n't say a word and never get help , so maybe this movie will inspire people to speak up . You have to open up , so you can heal . A very funny movie in all and a heart warming story , kinda . ; -RRB- I would like to just add this qoute in here because I think it 's apporatie.Unless you learn to face your own shadows , you will continue to see them in others , because the world outside you is a reflection of the world inside you .
 This is one of my daughter 's all time favorite movies . She likes the story and the characters . we watched it together and I thought it was a pretty good movie and good for discussion afterwards . Not a very realistic portrayal of a mental health unit or mental health issues but compassionate . The main character deals with depression and ends up accepting himself and others as who they are . A bit of rough language at times and some references to sex but overall a good movie . The end results of understanding and acceptance of mental health issues and compassion and kindness are good reasons to watch the movie .
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story is a charming , thoughtful , and slightly bittersweet look at teenage depression as well as the pressures of life for all of us and how we cope . The subject matter is well covered in scores of other artistic mediums , but that does n't devalue this effort . IKOAFS is well written and acted , smoothly directed , and engagingly paced for a light drama.As I mentioned , the acting is superb , especially Zach Galifianakis and the young lead played by Keir Gilchrist . His shy mannerisms and geeky awkwardness are captivating and genuine , no doubt aiding by the fact that he is a teen himself . It 's nice to see Galifianakis playing against his clueless stereotype and he handles the subtleties and suppressed self-loathing of his character without trying to steal scenes or chew scenery.Though it has nothing to do with the movie per se , I found myself reflecting upon a small moment in the movie when Gilchrist 's `` Cool '' Craig is talking with the ward 's chief therapist . She asks if he has anyone he can talk to about his problems and it struck me how essential that element is for all our sanity . As Craig learns , and as I have as well in my life , he is n't alone in struggling with depression . Maybe it 's a casualty of our increasingly insulated life , stuck to our personal communication devices at the expense of our face-to-face interactions , or maybe I 'm simply thinking too much . Be that as it may , in a society buried under countless options for staying perpetually connected with each other , it 's amazing how easy it is for our social skills to atrophy or for our sense of reality to get blurred through the anonymity of these technological social venues . What are we losing in the convenience of avoiding depth?It would be easy to criticize the movie 's ending but I took heart with it . Living life is not about focusing on the pain and difficulty but focusing instead on the small joys brought about by those we love and the feeling of knowing you 're not alone .
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story was kind of a funny story . I thought it was a great read and ranks up there with Twisted and Speak both by Laurie Halse Anderson . I am 40 + and I often read YA or teen fiction and then recommend the good books to my teenage children . I told my son he would like this book even better than the Perks of Being a Wallflower which up to now was his favorite book . He did end up liking It 's Kind of a Funny Story better and now it is his favorite . I 've always stressed that just b/c you are attractive to a person does n't mean that person is a good fit for you especially if that person has no depth . This point is one of many good points that this book makes . I think many teens will be able to relate to the main character 's issue . It is a serious issue which the author manages to address without being too depressing and it 's `` kind of funny . '' I highly recommend this book .
 Great heartfelt film ... it takes you right into the story , makes you care about the characters , appreciate what they go through . I had a great laugh ... was taken by surprise ... and almost teared up ... happy tears :-RRB- Time very well spent !
 After reading some of the other reviews , I understood something fundamental about this flick . If you 're looking for a true story about mental hospitals , watch a documentary . There are enough depressing shows out there about mental patients to sate any appetite . And if you ca n't accept that your kids might not want to be what you want them to be , then you may not like this movie . But if you 're looking to be entertained , enlightened and made to just plain feel good about life ... well , check this one out . Oh , it 's not the best literary film out there , but for a feel good bildungsroman , it 's first rate .
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story is a comedy-drama based on a novel by Ned Vizzini that seems to be cut from the same cloth tonally as -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer . It 's written and directed by frequent collaborators Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck who were responsible for the impressive Ryan Gosling filmHalf Nelsona few years back and with that talent behind the camera and the talented cast in front of it this had the potential to be a great film . While some aspects are well-realized and some talented actors are given the chance to showcase a side of their talent I did n't know existed , It 's Kind of a Funny Story is only kind of a good movie.16-year-old Craig -LRB- Keir Gilchrist -RRB- comes from a steady family and goes to a prestigious school in New York , but the mounting pressures that come with being a teenager have made him depressed and lead to him contemplating suicide . Seeking help at a local hospital , he is admitted to the inpatient psychiatric floor for a minimum stay of five days . With a lack of teenage patients , Craig is placed in the adult ward and naturally feels uncomfortable surrounded by some very troubled adult patients . He does however befriend Bobby -LRB- Zach Galifianakis -RRB- , an adult patient who must leave the hospital within days for a halfway house . As the two begin slowly bonding , Craig meets Noelle -LRB- Emma Roberts -RRB- , an eccentric and pretty teen patient . The film co-stars Zo Kravitz and Viola Davis with Lauren Graham and comedian Jim Gaffigan as Craig 's parents.As one can expect from a movie set at a psychiatric hospital , the film has plenty of off-beat characters but does its best to avoid the clich&eacute;s that go along with this setting and keeps the focus on Craig and his relationships with those around him . While the main characters take center stage , the secondary characters remain in the background . The film does an exceptional job with the way it handles its teenage characters . It does n't aspire to be a realistic portrait of teens , but the teenage characters are handled accurately and the script avoids making them overdramatic or overly stereotypical caricatures of real teenagers . They have teenage emotions , but they handle these emotions with much more maturity than we 're used to seeing onscreen -LRB- The Twilight Saga being an example -RRB- . The relationship between Craig and Noelle is particularly sweet , with seemingly genuine chemistry between Gilchrist and Roberts . It avoids sappy sentimentality and has a sweet awkwardness that really feels natural.Gilchrist does a fine job as Craig , never overdoing his portrayal as a confused , average teenager . There are some noticeable flaws in his acting , but none of these flaws take away from his performance and he does have the time and potential to grow . If this was a dark , emotional drama he 'd be ill-fitted for the role , but the whimsical nature of the film allows him more freedom to be imperfect . His chemistry with Roberts feels very natural and Roberts does a great job with her character , even though Noelle does n't seem fleshed-out enough . Roberts may appear a little too attractive for the role , but she 's a good fit . Comedian Jim Gaffigan strays far from his stand-up persona and plays Craig 's father with only a small dose of humor . If you 've seen his stand-up , it may surprise you that Gaffigan can seem like a normal , serious man . When it comes to a comedian with an established persona attempting to distance himself from that , no one is more effective than Zach Galifianakis.As a comedian 's popularity rises , they open themselves to more criticism and after starring roles in The Hangover andDue Date , Galifianakis had been written off by some as a one-dimensional comic actor . He was wise to take on the role of Bobby as he does a complete 180 from the screen persona he 's established in those two movies and actually does a fine job . His performance as Bobby is a real surprise as he demonstrates a rather dynamic comedic range while displaying a surprising amount of emotional depth as well . He 's convincing , likable , and totally disconnected from the persona that 's made him famous.Despite being lumped into the `` dramedy '' category , It 's Kind of a Funny Story leans much closer to drama but with a comedic tone that keeps it from taking itself too seriously . It 's a likable film with likable characters but it frequently feels underwritten , ironic being based on a book . The script avoids clich&eacute;d dramatic moments and forced humor , but many story threads and character arcs do n't feel fully developed . Look at the climactic scene involving Craig 's Egyptian roommate for an example of this . It should be a `` big moment , '' but it just kind of ... happens . It 's Kind of a Funny Story is an entertaining , amusing film that does n't do anything remarkable but does n't really do anything wrong either . If you 're looking for a whimsical `` dramedy '' that will put a smile on your face for a little under 100 minutes , it may be worth seeking out.GRADE
 Watched this movie on a whim and turned out better than what I thought . It is a dark , light-hearted comedy with a happy ending .
 Craig is a confused , depressed , and borderline `` suicidal '' teen who visits an ER and subsequently gets admitted to the mental health unit . He is introduced to Bobby and Noelle , plus his roomate , Matata who spends all his time in the room . The psychiatrist played by Viola Davis , of `` The Help '' helps Craig confront his problems and try to cope with his family situation . Craig becomes aware of hidden talents he has as he 's forced to join in group activities , like art and music . We are also introduced to other characters like the Hasidic Jew who tripped on too much acid and other characters , who Craig discovers have far and away worse troubles than he has . Through this process , Craig is able to recognize his inner strengths , able to verbalize his reluctance to attend a high achieving program that his father wants , and develop some relationships with people that he otherwise would n't meet . The actors all portrayed their roles very well and even brought a lot of humor to this movie that could end up being very down and dark given the theme .
 This movie was funny and well written . It played well on my Roku . Would watch again . Not sure what else to say .
 I thought it was a cute , heartwarming story . It was had some funny parts and I generally really liked it !
 great , simple movie . No explosions , nothing fast-paced . Just people interacting - the characters are great . Importantly , the movie is not depressing at all .
 Although this film takes place in a mental ward of a hospital , it is really quite funny and uplifting . Each patient in the film is portrayed in a way that highlights the humor in their situation . Really perfect in casting these people . Particularly , the Egyptian guy , the black schizophrenic , and the Hasidic Jew who took too much acid , etc.As you can imagine , with the crazy mix of characters -LRB- and Zach Galifianakis being one of them -RRB- , this is a great comedy . If you liked Little Miss Sunshine , you 'll like this one ! Highly recommended .
 This movie is sad , sweet and heartwarming . It 's so awesome to see Zach G. in a role that is n't straight up comedy . He does a great job . Everyone in this family loves this movie !
 An interest twist on teen problems and what love maybe all about . The out come is n't in question but the trip is unusal .
 This is a touching story of a confused adolescent who gets himself checked into a hospital psych ward . Rather than going for stereotypes in the hospital the patients are portrayed as real people who are just somewhat different , not nut jobs . Well done
 We liked this movie as all the characters came to life in this seemingly ' coming of age movie ' . Great story line , fun acting with a balance of humor and serious flow . We liked it !
 It 's Kind of a Funny Story , is a very emotional comedy , constantly switching from comedy to drama and back again . It takes you deep into the minds of many teenage honor students who are pressured by society , parents , and the people around them to succeed in everything . As a teenage honor student it was easy to relate to the movie as I have thought more than once what it 'd be like to get hit by a bus due to stress from school and life . So if you 're a teenager I strongly suggest you watch this movie , it is aimed right at you and gives a great message for when you feel like the world is crashing down on you . As for adults and parents , you should watch it too so you know to support your kids and what NOT to do . I give the movie a 5 out of 5 because it is an original story and is very entertaining while sending a good message with a lot of laughs and a couple of tears . Buy , rent , watch , or ingest today !!!
 I was touched by this film somewhere deep inside . While others complain about it not being `` realistic '' enough , I find it perfect . Since when are films THAT realistic ? There needs to be some entertainment somewhere , which there was plenty of in this film , or no one would watch . Something to occupy us and take us away from `` real life '' . Was the movie ACTION-PACKED ? No . For many I can see where they might become bored if they do not get into the story . But I became intrigued , because I can relate , and after I finished watching I felt some kind of wholeness inside of me.I found Zach Galifianakis 's performance in this film absolutely amazing , he hit all the right spots , in both humor and sadness . Noobie Keir Gilchrist really got into character , if you 've read the book this movie was based on by Ned Vizzini you 'll see that Craig was n't like any other average depressed teenage boy , he had some optimism in his step , and Gilchrist really grasped that concept . It may have differed from the book in a few simple ways , but I was not disappointed as I usually am when books are adapted into films . If anything , I found the movie even more enjoyable if possible . It was wonderful seeing Lauren Graham and Emma Roberts in this film as well , they portrayed their characters very nicely and with a lot of skill , especially Roberts.As a former patient at a psychiatric unit I know that there are some major `` logical '' flaws in this movie , but I brushed over them , and many people need to do the same . The book also had flaws as well , but Vizzini was aware since he spent time in a unit himself . Flaws are there for a reason and I think the storyline would have gotten very dull without them . YES , the film is far lighter than GIRL , INTERRUPTED , but it 's supposed to be that way . It 's not a full on drama . Do n't judge the movie negatively until you 've read the book , that 's my opinion.Overall , this film taught me a lot of things , but one of the most important would be just to live . After struggling with mental illnesses myself and seeing this film encouraged me to be more open about it and to live - take any chance I could to just live my life . Because others are not as lucky , as this movie points out to many people . Watching this movie I realized that I have a whole life ahead of me , I 'm only fifteen myself and knowing that someone out there could relate to me in this deep personal way through cinematography was touching . This film if you will was kind of like a light bulb moment , and since I 've watched it I think I 've been looking at life a different way . I was very pleased with it , and it 's definitely worth seeing in my opinion . If you love it then it 's definitely worth buying . I think it takes a different kind of person to understand the true beauty of this movie , others will not , maybe you will . I know I did.Grade
 Perfect balance of comedy , thought , and emotion . I loved every element that made this movie . They definitely picked the right actor for each character . Just an awesome movie .
 This is exactly what I needed when I saw it in theaters . While I am not as academically challenged , the AP courses I was taking at the time had me nearly as stressed and almost as close to the edge.When he first started to explain himself , as best as he could , I felt like I was looking in a mirror.The acting and cinematography is perfectly suited for this movies genre , and I had to laugh the allusion to `` One flew Over the Cuckoos Nest '' -LRB- it was the use of the phrase `` You should be out on Coney Island Bird-dogging chicks '' -RRB- . I loved the underlying theme of gratitude in all this , and I loved how both of the leads learned from each other.I own this , and I take it out every time life starts getting to me .
 I loved the movie from start to finish . Galifianakis was amazing , and I loved the interplay between him and the other characters . I was n't especially attached to the main character or his suicidal story , but once he had a supporting cast of loveable characters to back the film up it got very interesting . I have recommended this movie to many a friend and will continue to do so . ENJOY !
 This movie was a gem . An honest account of multiple lives colliding on one common ground . Zak G , was unbelievable in this movie . His dry humor as always was present but we got to see a serious side of his acting that was fabulous . If you have ever had a moment in your life when you think your depressed or sad -LRB- as most human beings do -RRB- you should see this film . It reminds us of where we end up sometimes and who these people really are behind the walls of a mental institution , relatable people who have real issues but behind it all are elements of the human experiences . A wonderful film , check it out .
 i loved this movie im only a teenager and its a little more extreme than my problems , but it made me realize alotta things about myself , and how little my problems matter when compared to my friends , family , and the people i care about . This movie had some great actors , especially the teenager girl who i thought was really cute . The story line is great . it left me feeling warm and fuzzy because it was a cute movie .
 This is a great movie if you enjoy movies that are relaxed , funny , and provide a plot that does n't take you for a roller-coaster . Films like Elizabethtown or Benny and Joon . It 's hilarious and I found myself laughing out loud on several scenes . It 's predictable , yet interesting and not slow like some films . I highly recommend it and will definitely watch it again . And the soundtrack is incredible .
 I love the wit and originality of this film . It has a great balance of humor and intensity throughout the whole thing .
 At first I did not want to see this movie , it looked very indie and very preachy and like every other movie ever made . I watched it on a whim during a boring overnight shift and expected it to be something to make fun of later.It 's difficult to describe just how badly it was advertised . This movie is not a laugh out loud comedy though it is very funny in some parts . At points it 's very serious and very sad but it makes this all the more realistic considering it 's plot line . This is probably the first and only movie I 've seen that actually has a realistic depiction of people with depression . Masterful acting all around gives you a perfect example as well as the outside parties who simply do not understand how depression works . Zach Galifianakis actually uses his acting abilities and plays one of his best roles he 's ever been in . He 's not a comedic lead as was advertised he is much better.This movie is just really well done and very well rounded . It 's light hearted and uplifting but really packs an emotional punch . You should ignore the reviews , previews or whatever else and go see it for yourself . It was not like anything I had heard or expected .
 The two kids in this story really grab your heart . I was hooked and am happy I was - great film : -RRB-
 We were looking for something to watch and my wife saw this . After watching the trailer , we decided to go for it and we could n't have been happier . It 's quirky and it looks , at first , like it 's aimed at a teenage audience , but I found it to be appealing and very funny -LRB- though much of the humor centered around teenage angst and awkwardness . -RRB- Zack Galifinakis is great in it , but `` The Hangover '' it is NOT . While Galifinakis is his trademark character , the overall flavor to the movie is something more like Juno . Highly recommend if you 're looking for something original and a little off the beaten path .
 An odd story with an endearing twist . Although the story deals with a very serious subject matter it is portrayed honestly and surprisingly finds humor in the darkest of places.Well worth the investment of time .
 I had seen the previews on Movies on Demand but could never remember the title . Alas , I remembered and SO happy I did . I loved the movie . It was perfect for my life at the moment .
 I liked this movie . It has good character development , does n't rely on special effects and was generally entertaining and thoughtful .
 This movie was suggestted to me by a friend and I actually watched it with my daughter and we both enjoyed it very much , never heard of this movie before but it 's worth a watch for sure !
 Yes , this movie is nothing like a mental ward -LRB- I 've been in several -RRB- but it is funny and has a good message to it . This was what I gave people for Christmas , right now its my favorite movie .
 DVD came promptly in time for Christmas and was recieved in great condition . I would definitely order again from the seller .
 A coming of age story taking place in the mental ward of a hospital?Sign me up!Channel surfing rarely -- too rarely -- stumbles upon a gem that gleams like an opal in the deep . IT 'S KIND OF A FUNNY STORY fits that mold ; it is the bittersweet story of 16-year-old Craig -LRB- Keir Gilchrist , who nails this role -RRB- , an insecure and depressed youth feeling not only teenage angst , but -LRB- self-induced -RRB- insurmountable pressures resulting in suicidal tendencies . As the film begins Craig checks himself into a psychiatric ward -- only to promptly harbor second feelings , as his fellow patients are ... nuts . Alas , Craig must stay a minimum of five days for evaluation -- five days that turn out to be a defining and transformative transition in his young life . Through Gilchrist 's performance , Craig 's insecure , yet tongue-in-cheek outlook on life can yield at any moment to Walter Mitty-esque fantasies ; it 's a point of view that 's completely heartening and charming.Gilchrist is surrounded by a stellar supporting cast , headed by the outside-the-box Zach Galifianakis as Bobby , the astute psych ward veteran who takes Craig under his arm and becomes a dysfunctional mentor . Yes , Galifianakis is funny , yet he also brings a poignant and compelling dimension to his role -- augmented by his character 's concern that Craig not follow in his problematic footsteps . Emma Roberts gives an impressive performance as Noelle , another suicidal teen in the ward who becomes not only a friend , but a budding romantic interest . IT 'S KIND OF A FUNNY STORY simultaneously makes you laugh as it puts a lump in your throat ; this gem should not be ignored . -- D. Mikels , Author , The Reckoning
 I adored this film . It was realistic without being overly sappy and simplistic . And I do worry about kids today that are trying to get into college because the competition has become fierce . I remember reading an editorial in the NY Times by a Harvard alumni who conducted student interviews for college entrance . The editorial was titled something like `` Another 4.0 Student Who Wo n't Get Into Harvard . '' He then went on to lament how many complex extracurricular activities , interests , and volunteering a student had to engage in aside from having a 4.0 grade average , top SAT scores , AP courses , etc. these days . He compared it to his days when the volcano demonstration at a science fair was enough extra sauce needed to spice your college entrance application.The world has become complex , fast moving and incredibly competitive . No wonder so many kids today are caving under pressure and not being given the chance to really explore who they are and what they are TRULY interested in . I want my son to watch this . He just graduated college , but not without it taking its mental toll.The film brought me lots of smiles and a few tears as well . Well done . So well done .
 It 's kind of a funny story is a movie about a sixteen year old kid who has thoughts of committing suicide whom asks to be admitted into a mental hospital to get a quick fix and be on his way , but what happens is that he has to stay a minimum of five days for an evaluation so that he is not a danger to himself any longer before he is just let go . What happens is much more interesting and heart-felt though . The boy befriends another man in the mental hospital -LRB- galifianakis -RRB- and they seem to help each other out . Along with the boy seeming to help almost everyone , including an Egyptian man who does n't get out of bed ever . The movie is very sweet and humorous never having a dull moment in my opinion . I highly recommend this film for everyone . Give it a try , it proves that Galifianakis can actualy act and is not just the funny fat guy from the hangover . He reminds me of Jack Nickleson in One Flew Over The Cookoo 's nest ... The one who seems the finest is usually the one with the most issues . I hope I 've been helpful..-Cam
 This little movie did n't hang around the theaters long , so unfortunately I missed it until now . Certainly not the first movie to focus on mentally disturbed hospital patients , and the very fact the setting is the psych ward at a mainstream hospital suggests that none are here are for the long term . As Zach Galifianakis ' character Bobby says , `` He 's there for kind of a vacation '' . Craig -LRB- Keir Gilchrist -RRB- , a 16 year old in suicidal depression checks himself in -LRB- no parent needed I guess -RRB- and falls prey to the affable Bobby and hottie Noelle -LRB- Emma Roberts -RRB- . It would have been easy to make this all comedy , especially with Galifianakis in the film . Another obvious option would be to make a high stakes drama . Instead , the film is neither . It is just a day or two in the life of a psych ward . The humor is there but not the in-your-face kind . The drama ? Likewise . Galifianakis proves he can do more than physical comedy , with a subtle take on a man with plenty of issues , but mostly held in check . I liked his performance and I liked the movie .
 The nurses smile politely as they hand out the morning medications to the patients . The patients chatter aimlessly as they wait in line before continuing on with the day 's activities
 I 'm an unabashed fan of the work of the filmmaking duo Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden.Half Nelsonwas a small masterpiece . The under-appreciatedSugarwas also superb . And , I really liked Fleck 's work inIn Treatment
 I was cautious when I first heard about this I was a little worried 'cause it looked a little similar toRunning With Scissors -LRB- never read the book , but an AWFUL film -RRB- meetsOne Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- . Nevertheless , I gave it a try anyways , and I 'm glad I did . GREAT film ! This dramedy stars newcomer Keir Gilchrist , Zach Galifianakis -LRB- the funny guy fromThe Hangover -LRB- Unrated Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , who does such an amazing job with drama in this -RRB- , and Emma Roberts -LRB- who does another surprisingly good job -RRB- , along with the rest of the cast , create realistic , likeable characters you want to know . Based on the young adult novel by Ned Vizzini , the story follows 16-year-old Craig Gilner who admits himself into a psychiatric hospital ward to treat his depression . It 's a coming-of-age story in a very unlikely setting , but , trust me , it 's really good . It blends drama and comedy just right -- without being too silly or too melodramatic . I recommend this 2010 sleeper hit to anybody who 's looking for a good , solid film and is tired of all the usual overpretentious or mind-numbing action films that are out there .
 The Funny thing is that when I first watched this movie I was Eliza Dushku 's age . I realted to her because of her innocence and her seeing Juliette Lewis go into the relationship with Howell and watching them make their mistakes and idolizing Lewis . But now I am 16 and I relate to Juliette Lewis now beacsue of my expersiences and my age now . Later on in life when I watch this movie again I will start relating to the mothers that play cards and chit chat about their problems . This movie can relate to anyone and the dancing , clothes and music are wonderful !!! It take splace in 1961 in Long Island New York . The movie makes you smile , there 's no doubt about it . It has been my favortie since I was a little girl and it is still my favorite now at 16 . Go see it , you wo n't regret it . ~ ~ MURI ~ ~
 If you love laughter , tears , romance , and great music , this is a great choice ! A cult classic for romance fans as well as fans of the fifties era movies . A must see for anyone who enjoys a great flick . The chemistry between the entire cast is magic . And if you love a good misundertood bad boy , C. Thomas Howell is one of the best . Even though I grew up in the eighties , this movie was still quite reminicent of my own childhood . Anyone who was a kid in any era will find something to relate to in this movie . One of my faves . .
 SHIPPING WAS FAST AND THE QUALITY OF THE VHS WAS PERFECT . THE BONUS DVD WAS A BIG PLUS . I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE !
 This movie use to be on t.v. when i was about 12 and I loved watching it . Juliette Lewis , who has been in many movies , is a great actress and is a bit forgotto at times , not to mention she lives in my town . I was driving with my dad one day and i looked to my right and there she was in her car at a traffic stop drinking a starbucks frappacinno and then she drove into this gated neighborhood where the richie 's live . But anyway , young eliza dushku plays the little girl in this movie that looks up to lewis , and in such different times , lewis and howell are basically the talk of the town and neighborhood full of gossip and envy , and anger . It takes place in the 50 's i believe and after being in the outsiders , once again c thomas howell is still in that time in this drama . It is a little depressing at times , because howell is obviously misunderstood as being a no good punk kid who knocks up his girlfriend and ditches her when that is n't the case at all and no one understands that they are in fact in love but they both realize that their youth is the main obsticle to have a successful long lasting life together raising their child . I do n't think they have this movie for rent anymore anywhere . But it has always been underrated . It 's a good example of teen pregnancy and i think that parents should watch it with their kids if they or out of control or just for entertainment .
 I have to watch this film again and again , cant help myself!Music is just too good and the actors are so fascinating.It makes me feel like I would love to go back to the 50 's and join them !
 This is my all time favorite movie . This is a such a wonderful movie .
 That Night is a great movie . It was the first time I ever saw Eliza Dushku and right then , she became my favorite actress . She 's an awesome actress . I bought the movie after the first time I saw it , and I 've watched it about 20 times and every time , it makes me cry . I originally watched the movie because I was a Juliette Lewis fan , she was excellent in it , but Eliza stole the show !
 Juliette Lewis is in one of her finer roles in this wonderful movie . Lewis plays a teenage catholic school girl who falls in love with a boy from the other side of the tracks . They meet in a bowling alley , which is the focal point in the movie . Lots of memorable performances , including C. Thomas Howell as Rick , the guy that Cheryl -LRB- Lewis -RRB- falls in love with , and the debut of Eliza Dushku , who would later be in the movie True Lies , playing a 10 year old girl witnessing the love between them . A great cast of characters , this movie delivers the goods and then some !
 As usual film critic and video reviewer Leonard Malton is wrong , wrong , wrong in his review about this movie . This is a simple love story as seen through the eyes of a ten year old little girl in 1961 Long Island , New York . The performances are excellent and the set decorations are done with great care and athuenticity . Great lengths were made to make you really feel like you were in 1961 suburbia . There 's a heck of a lot going on in this film that Mr. Malton is obviously blind to see . Juliette Lewis is outstanding as Cheryl , and has real competition with co-star Eliza Dushku , who is exceptionally outstanding as well . Thomas C. Howell is great as Cheryl 's `` greaser '' boyfriend . The movie is touching at places and terribly romantic.I could go on and on , but so many others have said it better than I have . If you like films that suck you in and take you back in time , this is well worth the money spent . I hope we can see a DVD release of this in the not too distant future , hopefully with interviews of the cast and outtakes . Yeah !!
 Very good condition , I was expecting it to be a bit more beat up but it plays really well and the box was in good shape .
 This is a wonderful movie set in the 50 's about a little girl who adores her neighbor who lives across the street . A GREAT movie that should be released on DVD so that everyone can enjoy .
 Like everyone else I agree that this is a great film . One of the few I can watch again and again ... but like everyone else I too have been searching for the title song Ruler of my Heart by Lisa Fischer and want to say I found it on Kazaa ... good luck .
 I bought this a few days ago and so far I 've watched it with my eleven year old daughter 3 times , and she has invited a half dozen freinds over , all of whom love it . Having grown up in the 50 's I find this a masterpiece . Finally I got to show my daughter a real 1949 Mercury , my absolutely favorite all-time car ! One of Juliette Lewis ' best roles and Elisa Dushku , the actress who plays 10 year old Allie is magical . There is a dancing scene near the pier with C. Thomas Howell , Christy 's punk boyfriend Ricky , that makes me cry every time . The birthday party is heartbreaking as well , my daughter had to ask how you play spin-the-bottle . The set design were masterful , with stop frame I recognize hundreds of things from my youth . The movie is an absolute work of genius !
 I am a young businessman , who rarely has time to watch old films etc. . I say old films , because I amguilty of watching the latest films at the movies etc. . I first saw this film probably in 1997 by chance while I was working . I thought it was quite a good film but nothing more -LRB- I WAS working @ the time ! -RRB- . I then saw it again about a year ago when it was on the TV , and I cant quite put my finger on it , but it moved me . I think it was that teen-angst , while remaining so true to real life that got me . Not like any of your modern TV shows , this movie is amazingly true to life . It is a well-written story , amazing cast , and extremely well directed . Although its not a huge action packed film , if you are ever spending a night in with your partner for a quiet evening , this is a film i would n't reccomend you miss !!!!
 I have liked this movie ever since I first saw it . Since then I have watched it many many times . It 's one of those movies that you just ca n't get sick of . The romantic escapades between Rick and Cheryl are wonderfully depicted through the eyes of a teenager . It 's a funny , sad , and romantic movie that I recommend to anyone .
 First I could n't believe i found this movie but was disappointed to see that it 's still in VHS format , well brought it anyway it took an extra few days to arrive but when it did , OMG there was also a DVD copy included which is very clear . In short I 'm the happiest person right now cause i love this movie and caught it on sale lol does n't get any better . Do n't think just BUY IT WORTH IT GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!
 I love this movie and I hate that there is still no dvd for it ! Very annoying !! Great movie though .
 I thought that both the book and the movie version of `` That Night '' were fantastic . The way it is depicted through the eyes of a young girl really adds to the feeling of the film . If you like romantic movies , you 'll love this film . C. Thomas Howell is not only gorgeous , but a great actor as well .
 I loved this movie . The first time I saw it was years ago and I was in the laundrymat when it came on the t.v. And the song !!! I found the song today at this site www.downloadmp3hits.com . I 'm listening to it right now yay
 I 've loved this movie ever since the very first time I saw it . I just wanted to say for anyone who 's looking for the soundtrack that I myself have never been able to find it , and the song `` Ruler of my Heart '' is sung by Lisa Fischer in the movie , but I 've only been able to find that song as sung by either Linda Ronstadt or Irma Thomas . I do n't think the soundtrack was released in a widespread format , so it might not even be available anywhere .
 I love this movie , but it should be in a DVD format . very diasppointed :-LRB- It needs to be because EVERY OTHER MOVIE IS EXCEPT THIS ONE !!??!???!!??? VERY SAD !!! :-LRB- I HOPE THAT IS COMES OUT ON A DVD FORMAT SOON !!!
 Absolutely love love love this movie . I converted it to dvd on my vhs/dvd player so that makes it 10 times better . Eliza Dushku as a kid and Juliette Lewis is Juliette Lewis . Yes !
 This movie is the best ! They need to make it into a DVD ! I will forever have a VCR just so that I can continue to watch this . The movie came in a brand new package and it works like a charm ! Love it !! Thanks
 Ordered this video for a Xmas gift hoping to get it in time . I was happy to hear it arrived prior to expected delivery date and in great condition . For future hard to find videos I will return . Thanks !
 1961
 I was surprised when I saw this movie because it was the first good Juliette Lewis I 'd seen . I enjoyed the film very much . It was excellent . I thought the some of the more outre discussions between the kids were a little inappropriate , but all in all , the movie was pretty impressive . and Eliza Dushku really stole the show with her amazing debut . Worth the watch .
 I thought that this film was excellent . It is an ideal ` girls ' night in ' video - a few bottles of wine and a nice big pizza . I found this film to be a tear-jerker , with an excellent storyline . Well worth watching .
 THIS MOVIE IS GREAT ! IT TELLS ABOUT ALOT OF IMPORTANT VIEWS . I LIKE WATCHING IT 2 A YEAR . BUT , I THINK JUST ABOUT EVERYONE CAN RELATE TO THIS MOVIE . A LITTLE YOUNG ROMANCE , WITH A NEIGHBOOR RIVAL !!
 I first wayched it at 11 years old . I could n't find it again to rent until I was 16 ever since then I watch it every summer and when I rent it I watch it like 3 time in 2 days . I love the whole story , the movies great , and I cry every time at certain points . I agree with other reviewers `` ruler of my heart '' is the best song !!!!
 I first saw this movie on TV 8 years ago and I have loved it ever since . Last year I finally bought the movie . This is the best movie I have ever seen , and I would recomend it to everyone . This film was very well done - five stars !!
 This has been one of my favorite movies , I Love it!I really can watch it over and over . It 's such a good movie for a group of gals to get nice and cozy on the couch with the box of tissues because it was a real tear jerker for me.I loved the music but I just ca n't seem to find the soundtrack anywhere ... my favorite song is `` Ruler of My Heart '' . If anyone knows who sings that song or how to get the soundtrack please let me know !
 I 've been a fan of Eliza Dushku for years . When I first heard about this film , I just had to check it out . I think C. Thomas Howell and Juliette Lewis had a great chemistry . It 's one of Juliette 's best role . I ca n't believe how cute Eliza was when she was 10 . For her first film she did an incredible job . One bad thing about this movie is that is not on DVD . This movie is worth watching .
 For several years I have been constantly checking to see if this movie has come out on DVD yet . Who do we even contact to put in the request ?!? I would love this movie on DVD !!!!
 No DVD yet !!! I loved this movie I remember being a very young teenager and watching this movie I would watch it every day when I came home from school . I never really found C. Thomas Howell hot till this movie I love the through back it took place in the 50 's get movie . I also love the song as well `` Ruler of my heart '' .
 THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE . I WONDER WHEN THEY ARE GOING TO MAKE THIS MOVIE IN DVD . I HOPE VERY SOON , I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS MOVIE AGAIN ITS WORTH WATCHING IT WITH MY KIDS AND FAMILY . . LEWIS , THOMAS HOWELL , AND ELIZA DUSHKU WERE GREAT IN THIS MOVIE . AGAIN I CANT WAIT FOR IT TO COME OUT IN DVD SOOOOOOON .
 I first watched this movie on TV . The channel I saw it on played it constantly and it quickly became a favorite . I think it 's a wonderful story and it has many great people in it ! I do hope it gets put on DVD one day soon , so then I can watch it without hooking up my VCR !
 That Night has been my favorite movie ever since the day i saw it . Julliette Lewis puts on an amazing performance in this film about teen romance and the struggles of being a teenager . The movie takes place back in the 1950 's which allows for some great music and amazing cars . Rick -LRB- a bowling alley manager -RRB- and Cheryl -LRB- a catholic girl who proves to be daddys little girl -RRB- fall in love and face many problems along their romance . A young girl called Allie -LRB- Dushuk -RRB- watches with bright eyes the ups and downs of Rick and Cheryl 's realtionship and fights till the end for both of them . My favorite scene has to be dancing at the beach . And i will always remember allie saying
 I am a great fan of coming of age movies like Stand By Me , This Boy 's Life , My Girl and My Girl 2 , but i always loved this movie ever since i first seen it.I can watch it over and over without getting tired of it . It was a time i wished i lived in , but i was n't born yet.The story takes place in the summer of 1961 and follows a 10 year old girl Alice Bloom who idolizes her 17 year old neighbor Cheryl O ' Connor across the street.She listens to the songs she listens too and she wears the same perfume she does.Cheryl has a close relationship with her father until he dies suddenly and she is upset . Her mother is overprotective and when she ca n't that , she goes to the bowling alley to return the shoes she left when her father died , she meets Rick and they get to talking about life and death of her father and why it had to happen . There she does a record to reveal her feelings of that day and he tells her to bury it like time capsule and dig it up in 50 years . He walks her home and they kiss , and from that night on they were inseparable . Meanwhile Alice is trying to establish a realtionship with her dad who always away on business , plus the parents are coping with a death of a son and the father wants the mother to keep trying to have a baby and the mother feels she 's being rushed into it.Well one night Rick and Cheryl make love and she gets pregnant . When her mother finds out , she is furious and she sends her to a home for unwed mothers . Alice goes so far to run away to get Rick and Cheryl together so they can be together before things change . Rick proposes to her and sas he 'll to everything to provide for her and the baby.Finally Alice is happy to see them together 1 last time before she boards the bus home and she reunites with her parents . In time she receives a post card from both of them from Utah and things are fine.I really hope this movie gets on DVD very soon . I loved this movie from beginning to end
 `` That Night '' blew me away!Especially Lisa Fischer 's song she sang.WOW ! her voice is off the hook !! I 've got to find even an old record or anything she might have come out with in her time so i can hear her beautiful voice again ! -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Although the quality of the DVD left a bit to be desired , the memories it brought back were fantastic . I had thought those old moments were never to be seen again , but viewing this DVD allowed me to relive them .
 My 8 year old daughter absoutely loved this video ! Looking at her watching these type of videos brings back memories of my childhood when we watched black and white tv . I 'm sort of remembering my childhood through her . I highly recommend this to anyone .
 just wanted to see it again after so many years . Still brings a lot of laughs . Too bad it is no longer on TV
 While I am a huge Goren and Eames fan , I was a little disappointed that there was little to no reference to the last episode in which Goren was fired and Eames left the department . This episode acted like it was just another day at Major Case . There was a little reference in the opening scene welcoming them back but that was it . And who is this new captain ? What 's his background ? I truly miss Captain Deakins as he was my favorite captain for this version of Law and Order.Having said that , this was such a relief after having to live through season 9 which was just awful . Truly I am surprised that this Law and Order was renewed . This episode goes back to the earlier days of Criminal Intent and showcases D'Onofrios talent at shaping the case as Bobby Goren . It 's also great to have partners who actually work with each other which was n't happening at all last season . I am very happy to have this duo back even if its just for 10 episodes .
 Season 9 was so bad that it may go down in tv history as one of the all time tv worsts . If Razzies are given for tv , season 9 should win with its changed cast . It was thus just so wonderful to watch season ten in this opening episode where goren and eames are not doing anything different from what they did on season one . At one time I may have criticized them for not being more daring and trying something different . Not anymore . All I can say is , welcome back , guys . You were sorely missed.Let me also congratulate jay mohre who opens season ten as a real creep of a fashion designer who is also raging through New York in coke fueled wan na be creative moments . He has always been good at this creepy , villainous role and he does not disappoint here . I am not giving anything way because saying this does NOT in any way indicate he is the murderer . He is , however , a real bad guy . Mohre is a former stand up comic and they all excel at portraying villains.There is one moment where Goren plays a gay dress designer over the phone to set up a fashion appointment . You would never know it is the same guy by his voice change . It is hilarious .
 As you may or may not know by now , LAW AND ORDER
 I was so happy to hear that Goren and Eames are back . I wish this series with these two would go on forever , but I will take what I can get . I was so saddened to hear about their premature departure .
 I am sooooo glad you brought back Law & Order Criminal Intent !!! I 'd heard you were removing it , along with the Original Law & Order . I wish you had n't removed the Original Law & Order :-LRB- It was my favorite also !! Whomever is writting for L&O ; are wonderful writers!Thank you Very much
 I have been watching this show for many , many years and I just love it ! This season was no exception . I enjoyed seeing more of Goren , who made the show , really . I wish we would have seen a little more of what the future held for the stars Goren and Eames at the end , but I am pleased with it . I think they did the best they could .
 The writing and performances can not be topped . Vincent D'Onofrio is an amazing character and it was very sad to see him go , as this is the last season of this awesome show .
 I love both this series and the original Law and Order series ... A question for y' all though ... Does anybody that has collected -LRB- and rewatched -RRB- the DVDs in this series recognise the new captain ?? He was the villian in the premiere episode of the second season ... As I watch him I keep thinking to myself `` Is n't he supposed to be in jail for life ? What happened ? '' Ha ! I know that he is an actor playing a different character ... but you know ... ; -RRB-
 It 's everything I hoped it would be . Detectives Goran and Eames are outstanding as usual . The other seasons with different actors were all right , but I far prefer the originals . If you purchase this season , you will not be disappointed .
 Goren & Eames are the best ; great a actors . The writing as well . This is a show worth watching TV for . Too bad it is over ,
 Enjoyed all episodes with Vincent D'Onofrio and really sad to see him go . For all of us that have watched religiously Criminal Intent , it is a treasure to hold .
 There is no other TV series I love more than the original Law and Order Criminal Intent . Thank 's for adding them to you cataloge
 As always D'onorfre and his partner does an outstanding job . As a loyal fan of law/order , Criminal Intent , this episode couldnt get any better . i am still not sure why they took this off the local networks . They can be seen on various stations , LOGO , TNT , and other channels at various times . .
 As always D'onorfre and his partner does an outstanding job . As a loyal fan of law/order , Criminal Intent , this episode couldnt get any better . i am still not sure why they took this off the local networks . They can be seen on various stations , LOGO , TNT , and other channels at various times . .
 I am a fan of Law & order criminal Intent . D'onorfro is my favorite character . These last 10 episodes were great !! i am very disappointed that they could not continue to make new episodes of this great program . I am able to see the reruns on different channels and late at nite . Oh how i wish they would come back . .
 Wow ! I loved the final scenes of this series -- the lingering shots between Goren and Eames were both pregnant with meaning , obviously from their many years together , and was almost bittersweet as well . I also enjoyed the interaction between the psychiatrist and Goren . I wish the final season was a bit longer , but I am so glad they brought back Goren and Eames to finish off the series .
 Unburdened by any expectations or any knowledge of Turkish dancing , of videos that teach Turkish dancing or of Sarah Skinner for that matter , I found this DVD a. . . well , a Turkish delight . Sarah Skinner is very , very feminine and graceful . She even looks like she 's dancing when she 's actually sitting down to explain a bit of background to Turkish bellydance . If there 's anything at all I expected , it was for Turkish dancing to be downright difficult , and on this DVD , it is not , which must mean it 's aimed entirely at the beginner . Come armed with some basic knowledge of belly dance isolations -- and a beautiful swishy skirt -- and you can do it.I liked the opening chat about Turkish dancing because it put things in perspective from the start . Sarah next goes on to a wonderful and colorful costume workshop . The problem with that is ending up wanting every one of those skirts and accessories.The three performances that come after the costume workshop are a visual delight . There 's one to a Chiftitelli -LRB- slow sensual rhythm -RRB- that I would really love to learn . There 's also a joyful veil performance . And a graceful drum solo . Very pretty , each of these.The instruction follows the same format that many of the recent dvds from World Dance New York are using . There 's a demo of the whole dnace , then a break up of each combination -LRB- there are 9 and 11 of them for the two dances taught -RRB- . There 's also a menu item with which you can move on to the step by step breakdown followed by trying it out with music.Sarah is a very nice teacher . Gentle and unhurried . She gives you safety tips and warms you away from the mistakes you could make . The most remarkable thing of all is that these moves are within the reach of the beginner . I have done about a year and a half of video-only learning and I tend to not account for people taking classes in addition to working with a video . If you 're stuck where there are no classes , this is entirely possible to do because the moves selected are easier ones . People who are already familiar with Turkish dancing and other videos on this genre obvioiusly wo n't be challenged but may still like to pick up the two choreographies -- inexpensively and easily . In that sense , I think the title may be a bit misleading as it may signal that this is meant for people who are already well into Turkish belly dancing or are outright advanced.Overall , very graceful , an absolute visual treat , well selected and doable moves and charmingly and gently taught . As is usual for this group , it 's value for money -- 21 combinations to work with .
 Overall , I love this dvd . I do have a few considerations I would like to mention ... 1 -- I think it is incorrectly titled as it implies the content is actually Turkish dance . This dvd teaches Turkish inspired American Caberet Bellydance as the instructor implies in her introduction where she states this style developed in the restaurant/nightclubs in New York city in the 60 's / 70 's and beyond . As other reviewers noted the costume on the cover is also not traditionally Turkish , but more of a fusion style . I gave the dvd one less star because of this concern . For those interested in a more purely Turkish dvd , I recommend Elizabeth Artemis Mourat 's `` Turkish Style Belly Dance dvd .2 -- This dvd really focuses on skirt work . The instructor does state that the skirt flourishes are a more recent fusion element rather than traditional Turkish dance . The emphasis on skirt flourishes make this dvd excellent for those wanting some basic skirt manipulation technique and not-so-great for those who are not as interested in skirt manipulation.I liked several things about this dvd :1 -- The bonus section features a 20 minute costume workshop . Sarah Skinner has an excellent eye for costuming ! She demonstrates how different skirts , hip belts , arm decoration and bras can enhance the dance and offers many useful tips . I would love to see Sarah Skinner create a dvd on this topic as this was my favorite part of the dvd . I gave it an extra star because I like this section so much .2 -- The performance segment offers an amazing and beautiful example of Turkish-inspired American Bellydance .3 -- I liked the introduction including reference to her teachers , the style she is dancing and the music used .4 -- The production quality is good and the instructors movements are always clear and visable.The instruction is good and will be useful for dancers of beginning to intermediate level who are interested in an American-Turkish fusion style .
 I bought this video when I was n't able to find a Turkish-style instructor in my area . I 've been taking Egyptian style bellydance classes for several years now . For those of you with Egyptian experience , you 're going to see a lot of moves you recognize , and a few you have n't . The dances taught in this video are pretty easy and should not be a problem for anyone with a grasp of basic technique . Sarah does a good job of explaining how the moves are done , and with her costume and the background being what they are , it is really easy to see what she is doing and how to do it . She is pretty good about breaking down the moves without too much repetition . The only reason I say it would be easier for someone with basic skills is that it takes a while to learn how to do shimmies , especially the `` choo choo '' shimmy if you have never done them before . Sarah has a pleasant voice , and seems to really enjoy what she is doing . The camera does a good job of staying where it is supposed to be unlike many of the instructional videos on the market.The costume section in the beginning of the video is great and I 'd like to see more of this sort of thing.I gave this video 5 stars , but in reality I 'd like to give it a 4.5 . Why ? In the instructional sections of the video you have a choice of using just instruction , or instruction of sections , and each section followed with you dancing along with her performance , going back to the beginning each time . I really liked learning this way , but some of their splices were n't so good and a few pieces were missing . In Mastika she tells you to swing your arms as if you were walking in the beginning if the song , while in her demonstration she has her hands on her hips for the first section . It 's not a big flaw , but it 's a bit disconcerting the first few times you 're trying to dance along with the instructor and she 's not doing what she told you to do.I would recommend this video to anyone who wants to give Turkish dance a try , especially if you like the way the skirtwork looks . The dances are fun and relatively easy to learn , and I think skirtwork can do a lot for a beginner 's confidence . It gives you a `` prop '' to hold on to , and can look very impressive without being very complicated . If you 're interested in learning a little bit about Turkish style dance , get some great ideas about costuming , and learn 2 cute little dances to show to your friends/significant other , then this video is a great buy ! There is a lot of content for the price.I hope to see a lot more videos from this instructor .
 Sara Skinner 's , '' I love Turkish Belly Dance '' program is a fun , learning experience.Learn 2 lively and bouncy Turkish style dances , each performed in a beautiful , flowing skirt.These flirty , skirt fusion dances include simple footwork , flirting with the audience usng level changes , while swishing your skirt !! These routines are set to two popular Turkish party songs , `` Rompi , Rompi and `` Mastika . '' Each routine includes a demonstration and a follow along segment with music and instruction.Sarah is a delightful instructor , and really connects with her audience . She patiently takes you through a bonus costume educational segment explaining and sharing tips on styles , how to 's and much more.Sara also shares breathing tips for dancing useful in performing the kashlima step set to 9/8 rhythym.Included are 3 performances by Sarah ; a drum solo , a veil dance , and a ciftitelli to greatly contribute to the already established enjoyment of this learning program . A lot to offer for the novice dancer ; a good introduction and learning experience for the serious student/dancer or those just becoming famiiar with skirt fusion , or those attemtping to piece together a bellydance costume .
 Belly dancing is hard exercise . The movements are shown and explained quite well . She a very good dancer . Not all dances are the same . I wanted to learn more Turkish than Egyptian and this is helping a great deal .
 Though the box is not labeled for level of training , this terrific instruction DVD is geared towards beginning students , and if you are familiar with folk dancing or basic bellydancing , you wo n't have any trouble assimilating the choreography , which is quite simple , especially since the steps are broken down and explained in detail , and demonstrated to perfection by the lovely Sarah Skinner.Perhaps the most valuable portion of this DVD is the Costume Workshop , where Sarah shows us some of her glorious costume collection -LRB- some of it worn in the dance sections , so one can see it in motion -RRB- . This is an A to Z workshop , with information that is hard to obtain elsewhere , and costumes are a vital part of bellydancing in general , and Turkish dance in particular , as Sarah demonstrates in the use of the flowing and swirling skirts while dancing . You 'll get great tips on what to buy , how to personalize it , make it comfortable , and make it last , as these gorgeous costumes can be quite an investment.In her `` Welcome '' section , Sarah speaks of the Turkish cabaret dancing that exploded on the dance scene in New York in the 70 's , and how we are now learning from those dancers who are now teachers , the teachers she studied with , and how this form of dance keeps flourishing . We also get 3 performance pieces that are wonderful ; a veil dance , a ciftetelli , and a drum solo.The 2 dances that Sarah teaches , `` Rompi Rompi '' and `` Mastika , '' are fun `` party dance '' numbers , make for great exercise when you get going with them , and being choreographically easy , you can let go and really feel the freedom of dancing without too much strain . If you 're a beginning dancer , this DVD is sure to give you the `` dance bug '' and you will be hooked for life ... and have Sarah to thank for it !
 This is a really fun dvd for beginning dancers . Sarah teaches two very cute dances and her instruction is easy to follow . The section on costuming alone makes this dvd worth the price !
 The Turkish Belly dancing is creative and warm . It is like the Arabic belly dancing but has more charm . Sarah Skinner gives you a good idea about the choregraphy and magic of this great art and style .
 Sarah Skinner defines Turkish dance and teaches a fun , flirty choreography . If you have nevertried Turkish dance , get this DVD and try it ! She gives clear instruction that can be followed byanyone , great breathing tips and a section on costuming that has some excellent advice , but becareful ... you might drool over some of the costumes ! She also touches on layering and relatingto the audience . If you have a bubbly personality or love flying skirts , try this !
 Really enjoy this dvd and workout to it regularly . You could tell that Sarah took a great deal of time to put this dvd together . She tells about the origins of Turkish bellydance . What really sets this dvd apart from others is her costuming workshop . Sarah has a fantastic eye and knowledge of putting together costumes . She teaches 2 Turkish bellydance choegraphies that are lively . She breaks them down really well , with and without music . She has such a lovely personality that just comes across on the videos and makes learning the cheorographies so much fun . She also includes several performances showing her in different costumes . She is beautiful to watch and learn from . If she came out with more instructional dvds in the future , I would most definitely purchase .
 I really enjoyed this DVD ! Sarah does a lovely job teaching two different choreographies and performing them beforehand . I met her in Dayton , OH last year and was very impressed with her dancing and personality .
 This is a great DVD . You get tips on costuming . The breakdown of the dance steps are easy to follow . What I like is that she shows you the entire routine first.Then the first breakdown of the steps without music , then with music.Then the next breakdown without and with the music THEN she has you start from the beginning and adds each new breakdown.After a new break down of steps is learned you start from the beginning again . You repeat this process until the routine is completed . And the repetition really gets ingrained in your learning the routine This is one DVD you will love This is great for all levels of dancers
 Another winner for Sarah Skinner . Not only did she give a great overview of costuming , but she presented two really cute dances that most anyone could enjoy learning . The practice outfit she wore was perfect to instruct others on the movements . And her performance costume had a fabulous skirt -LRB- although it was not the one on the video cover , which was nowhere in sight for some reason -RRB- . Now I , too , love Turkish bellydance ! Rompi , Rompi ! What a fun video . I loved the playful style with little hops and the swishy skirt work . This is definitely a DVD to watch and enjoy over and over again.Note
 Really good starting point for skirt work . Loved her sit down chat about costuming as well .
 The innovataive visual style of Goddard 's first feature long film has now become , perhaps , a cliche . Today , when European Film Art is being transformed by the likes of Von-Trier , we can look at the French revolution of the New Wave with a new insight . But even if he still adhered to many now outdated modes , like the notion of individualistic authorship , Goddard was perhaps the first to show that the triteness of Hollywood films can be challenged from the outside . Bearing the sordid artistic reality of American cinema at the time -LRB- and the fact that it has n't improved much since -RRB- , this tantalising work of a real master is still a liberating film , both in form and in content .
 Jean-Luc Godard 's Breathless is considered by film historians to be the beginning of the French New Wave in film , along with Truffaut 's The 400 Blows . The film itself is incredible
 Breathless -LRB- 1960 -RRB- is considered to be one of the most important examples of French new wave cinema . It is the story of Michel Poiccard a young criminal who is on the run from cops and Patricia , a young American girl aspiring journalist living in Paris and working for New York Heral Tribune Newspaper.Michelle has immature ways and care-free life style . The movie presents him as a likeable character with his eccentric ways and idiosyncrasies , most famous of which is the thing he does with his thumb over his lips . Jean-Paul Belmond truly brings the character to life . Michelle and Patricia 's relationship what really makes the movie . There is a famous sequence shot in a real hotel room . The scene is famous due to its natural atmosphere shot without any lighting , and the fact that the hotel room being very crammy . I also find the dialogues between Michele and Patricia very natural . It is a mixture of sexuality , romance and love and future of a relationship - essentials of what happens between every man and woman.But what makes the movie famous -LRB- or unique -RRB- is the `` jump-cuts '' ; it is a real different way of editing the scenes . The entire sequence is shot , but the parts that slow down the pace are cut-out which make it look like the scene is cutoff and skips forward to the next scene . This gives the movie a unique atmosphere.I recommend Breathless to every cinema fan , especially if you are interested in European cinema , French new wave .
 Yes , this is a confusing film in many ways . I 'll admit straight off that I am not a Godard film ; he lost me completely in his 60 's `` Socialist '' period , but his films were never much on plot or continuity . What makes A Bout de Souffle/Breathless worth seeing is two-fold
 This movie defines the French new wave -- and the leads are very good looking . A must see ! It defines an era .
 Jean-Luc Godard intended to shake the delicate world of cinema , that much is obvious . But did he intend to reinvent it ? Whether it was his intention or not is n't the point , the point is this ; he did . Jean-Luc Godard , and Francois Truffuat are the undisputed fathers of the French New Wave . Some cinephiles or historians may feel like pointing elsewhere , to Jean Renoir for example , protesting that he is truly the father of the French New Wave , I disagree entirely . The French New Wave was a product of the kindred spirits and talents of Godard and Truffaut . And no other film represents the French New Wave more coherently than Jean-Luc Godard 's dazzling 1960 picture , ` Breathless ' . Unorthodox and uninhibited . Raw and experimental . Godard broke every rule in the book , disavowed the laws of cinema , and scribed a new rule book , one where the pages are blank , and possibilities are endless . The story is so simple I can summarize the entire film in half of a sentence , but I refuse to give you or Godard the satisfaction . What counts in Breathless is not the story , but how the story is told . The very definition of ` cool ' , the film is robust in creativity , and exuberant in its flaws , and passionate about its reckless behavior . Self aware and rebellious . If there was no Breathless , there would have been no Tarantino , if there was no French New Wave , the streak of genius that ran through the nineties and 2000s would n't have existed . Before Breathless , it was believed that films took money , that you had to find yourself in a place of authority to make a film . Breathless broke this misconception . Breathless makes you want to run outside and make the film of your life . Breathless made that possible , Breathless made the amateur the auteur , Breathless reinvented the face of the cinema , and made you believe that could too . All you need is a girl and gun.Criterion , as usual , have outdone themselves . Buy the discs , read the booklet , watch the feature and the features , and you 'll be a Breathless expert in no time !
 I have a soft spot for any criterion collection DVDs and Breathless surely delivers . The feature film alone would be worth the price , in my opinion . But the special features and the small book with how Goddard viewed his film after its release are what made this purchase so special for me . Although the film was revolutionary for its time , the modern movie goer might be a little bored . Any student of film or the average francophile will fall in love with this piece of cinema history .
 I 'm so glad I got this - the BR transfer looks SO GOOD , SO GOOD ! that it almost looks like they shot it yesterday ! Even though it 's in black & white and 4x3 , wow what an amazing quality transfer . And the book that comes with the package is very nice - the materials have been provided before and true fans and historians know all about the writings and film theory/criticism that surrounds this movie , but for those who do n't , the small book attached with the package is a MUST read , to help you understand what this film means in the world of cinema .
 This is one of my favorite movies with two of my favorite actor and actress -LRB- Seberg and Belmondo -RRB- But if you decide to buy this on DVD do not listen to the commentary . That -LSB- person -RSB- makes the whole movie look like Godard 's homage to `` the hollywood movie '' sometimes he even mixes up their names and very little is focused on the movie itself.-Regan Luke
 one of the best films ever made , breathless will take your breath away . no need to say any more . but to all you people who pretend to know about godard and then complain that the dvd is in full screen , how about reading more about how godard shot his films ? breathless was shot in 1:33:1 which means it was shot in full screen . so there is nothing wrong with the aspect ration of the dvd . it is the correct original aspect ratio . stop complaining for no reason . and watch the film if u havent . its gold .
 This film deserves the excellent reputation it has earned . However the version I purchased -LRB- International Film Series -RRB- has white subtitles against white backgrounds . Only about 60 % are fully readable . Other releases may have the same problem . Do not buy this unless you speak French .
 This is my favourite Godard film , deserving 5 stars for sure , but the picture quality on this version is n't that great - perfectly watchable , and not really hindering the film that much , but I 'll be waiting for something better . I heard a rumour Criterion will be releasing this . I certainly hope that 's true .
 You can read the other reviews to hear what a great classic of French New Wave cinema this is.My only complaint with the DVD is the narrow-screen `` pan and scan '' format , and the sound quality . The picture quality is very nice but they made this DVD from a VHS restoration , so the sound quality is only so so , with a low hiss permeating the sound track . I wish they had a letterbox edition !
 Brand new restored version of Godards classic new wave picture . Criterion gives us everything but a commentary track but the booklet more than makes up for it . Great packaging from cover art to insert case to the way down to the look of the discs.The restored print looks really compared to the old disc I sort of tossed away and will forget about . This is a release done right and I 'm sure a long time coming . We can hope for more classics like this from Criterion soon .
 I 've been meaning to catch up with Jean-Luc Godard 's French New Wave classic BREATHLESS for a while now , ever since I became a big cinema enthusiast . Godard is said to have been one of the great film innovators of the 1960s , and this was the film that announced his arrival to the film world as a major new talent . I was able to catch up with this DVD recently , and I was not disappointed by the movie at all . In fact , I was intrigued and often startled by its sheer freshness and stylistic innovation . I was also intrigued by its characters
 Not exactly a thriller in the purest sense , film critic Jean-Luc Godard 's first film `` A Bout de Souffle '' or `` BREATHLESS '' -LSB- ... -RSB- , originally released in 1961 , not only ushered in the French New Wave -LRB- Nouvelle Vague -RRB- movement , but assured the director of a career and made an international star of Jean Paul Belmondo.Seeing this clean , full-frame digital transfer today , one is jolted with the timeless quality of this assured filmed experiment that daringly broke the rules and locked in a new cinematic language , or at least a new dialect . A hand-held camera more often than not on the move , a black and white documentary feel of realism and natural lighting and locations -LRB- not sets -RRB- , jump cuts , improvisational shots and long , loose , naturalistic conversations -LRB- about things other than the so-called plot -RRB- between Belmondo and co-star Jean Seberg as amoral lovers on the run . `` Breathless '' suffered an anemic remake in 1983 with Richard Gere as a kind of amphetamine-crazed nut case in the Belmondo role.The original title more accurately translates as `` Out of Breath . '' And it is an exhilarating film to re-experience , In form and theme , this is an existential , anti-film film with numerous , sly film references within the movie frame , in images , props and in the sometimes intentionally `` big movie music '' moments to punch up the irony of a scene . This is a great film .
 So you 've heard of Godard ? You want to see/study all of his key 60 's films ? No better place to start than with BREATHLESS , his first feature . The only problem is that if you expect a logical progression from one film to the next -LSB- as you work your way through his ouevre -RSB- , you wo n't be satisfied . Godard reinvented the film art -LSB- as he saw it -RSB- with each successive film he made . But all this aside , watch this film for its energy and its daring . Its a film made by a cinema fan - heavily influenced by US B-films - who , in turn , influenced , not only more cinema fans but also many film critics and film makers to come . Thankyou Mr Godard !
 Every director has their beginning but for Jean-Luc Godard , his 1960 film '' &Agrave; bout de souffle '' a.k.a. `` Breathless '' was the beginning of a cinema revolution and bringing the world closer to nouvelle vague , the French New Wave.Godard is a unique director who attracted attention for his innovative editing and his use of jump cuts , his style of not giving his talent a script until the morning of and using improvisation and utilizing film techniques that most directors would never do . In fact , his filmmaking even infuriated his producer because instead of using a full day to shoot a film , sometime he was in the mood to do only 12 minutes . But then again , Jean-Luc Godard is not your typical director and in 1960 , no one knew what to expect from him.Many looked at him as a rebel as he wanted to challenge the conventions of traditional Hollywood cinema and for those who watched his films evolve year after year , the more we get to see Godard in his characters but also his political ideologies as well.But `` Breathless '' was a film that helped change cinema . For decades , many followed the Hollywood tradition and sure , Jean Renoir did something unique and special decades earlier with `` The Rules of the Game '' -LRB- unfortunately , no one at the time was ready for the film until three decades later and people acknowledge that his film was ahead of its time -RRB- but it was `` Breathless '' that inspired young directors and showed them that directors , auteurs can do something different.From the use of jump cuts to capturing Paris with a hidden camera , the film and its director was hailed for its innovation and it was the beginning of the French New Wave . Interesting enough , although the film made Jean-Luc Godard a popular name , the director himself was not as thrilled by all the attention and popularity of `` Breathless '' that led him to create `` Le Petit Soldat '' -LRB- The Little Soldier -RRB- which was highly political and banned in France for three years . Regardless of whether or not Godard enjoyed the success of the film , the film was unique and an inspiration to many filmmakers.For over 40 decades , `` Breathless '' has been regarded as a film that cinema fans must watch and eventually own and in 2007 , The Criterion Collection released `` Breathless '' in a 2-disc DVD set -LRB- with a slipcase cover -RRB- and booklet.VIDEO & AUDIO : `` Breathless '' is presented in black and white in its original aspect ratio of 1:33:1 . The film looks absolutely great and the Criterion Collection once again does a wonderful job with the transfer . According to Criterion , the transfer is approved by director of photography Raoul Coutard . The new high-definition digital transfer was created on a Spirit Datacine from a 35mm fine-grain master positive . Thousand of instances of dirt , debris and scratches were removed using the MTI Digital Restoration System.As for audio , the audio is in French Monaural and was mastered at 24-bit from a 35 mm optical track print , and audio restoration tools were used to reduce clicks , pops , hiss and crackle . The Dolby Digital 1.0 is clear and understandable but for a more immersive soundtrack , I chose to have my home theater receiver set with audio on all channels.Subtitles are in English.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Breathless '' comes with a good number of special features plus an 82-page book featuring writings from Godard , film historian Dudley Andrew , Francois Truffaut 's original film treatment , and Godard 's scenario.DISC 1 : * INTERVIEWS - -LRB- 27:00 -RRB- Featuring interviews with director Jean-Luc Godard , actors Jean-Paul Belmondo and Jean Seberg and filmmaker Jean-Pierre Melville , recorded for French television between 1960 and 1964 . * Theatrical Trailer - -LRB- 2:02 -RRB- The original theatrical trailer.DISC 2 : * Coutard and Rissient - -LRB- 22:28 -RRB- Cinematographer Raoul Coutard -LRB- who worked with Godard for 14 films -RRB- and cinephile Pierre Rissient , assistant director on `` Breathless '' recall working with Godard and working on his first film . * Pennebaker on Breathless - -LRB- 10:32 -RRB- Documentary filmmaker D.A. Pennebaker talks about working with Jean-Luc Godard and his film `` Breathless '' . * Jean Seberg - -LRB- 18:54 -RRB- A video essay written by Mark Rappaport -LRB- From the Journals of Jean Seberg -RRB- reveals the beginning of Jean Seberg and her life ending in tragedy . * Breathless as Criticism - -LRB- 11:09 -RRB- A video essay written by film historian and author Jonathan Rosenbaum . Rosenbaum explores the cinematic and literary references in `` Breathless '' . * Chamber 12 , Hotel De Suede - -LRB- 1:18:26 -RRB- A 1993 documentary by director and popular French TV host Claude Ventura who tracks down , over nine days , the locations and the people who were involved in the making of `` Breathless '' . Interviews include actor Jean-Paul Belmondo , filmmaker Claude Chabrol , cinematographer Raoul Coutard , assistant director Pierre Rissient , editor Cecile Decugis and more . * Charlotte et Son Jules - -LRB- 12:42 -RRB- One of the short films from 1959 starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and Anne Collette . The short film is about a boyfriend who continually admonishes his girlfriend.JUDGMENT CALL : For anyone interested in French New Wave films , `` Breathless '' is a film that is recommended watching . It 's a film that changed cinema and launched the career of director Jean-Luc Godard.What I loved about the film is the acting . The whole 25-minute improvisation scene in the bedroom is incredible . I 've learned through the special features that the scene involved Godard yelling and instructing the Belmondo and Seberg on what to do and also learned that the jump cut scenes were accidental but yet made the film quite creative , unique and artistic.But is it one of the best Godard films ? This is difficult to answer because personally , there are so many Godard films that I do enjoy but yet this is his first and is an important film in his career . But the problem is , to enjoy Godard films is to know Godard films . You appreciate his films , the more you watch several of them and learn his unique style of filmmaking.Also , the film has been given so much credit for its innovation that so many people come to the film expecting something like Orson Welles `` Citizen Kane '' or a film that with this groundbreaking story and people who experience this Godard film are perplexed and do n't understand what the big deal is . And I think that is what has perplexed Godard after the success of the film . Godard was very critical of the film to the point that he distanced himself from it and thus created the film `` Le Petit Soldat '' . But as mentioned , to enjoy Godard is to know Godard and that is watching his films and learning about them . Fortunately , The Criterion Collection does a fantastic job with this release of `` Breathless '' in presentation and also its content . Not only do you get the film but you get to see the various interviews with the talent , interviews with those who worked with him and easily enough , different interpretations of what people got from the film . The 1993 documentary `` Chamber 12 , Hotel de Suede '' is a magnificent addition to the film as we get to see and hear from those who are involved with `` Breathless '' , giving us some insight to Godard and his unique filmmaking style.As far as my enjoyment of the film , I absolutely enjoyed it ! Godard and Belmondo had a magical partnership during their short time together and as for Jean Seberg , this is an actress that had a bad experience in her earlier years as an actress , given a chance in `` Breathless '' -LRB- and worked once more with Godard -RRB- and had a rollercoaster of a career that ended in tragedy . If there was one positive , she is immortalized through her role as Patricia in this film . `` Breathless '' is a film about two different people , their words and what they mean are different , they talk about themselves but yet never really talk to each other . Are they even listening to each other ? Do they even care for each other?There 's no doubt that one can rewatch `` Breathless '' and see something different each time . May it be the two talking about paintings , the two talking about Faulkner , this dialogue between the two is something that I found so enjoyable -LRB- as I have with Eric Rohmer 's moral tale `` My Night at Maud 's '' with also a magnificent , smart and enjoyable long bedroom dialogue scene -RRB- . There is something about the tone about the film that is just so enchanting.Despite Michel being the uncaring young bad guy , somehow you ca n't help but be intrigued by his character . He 's a dangerous man but yet Patricia is even more dangerous in some ways . Compared to other films showing around the world during its time , `` Breathless '' was fresh , unique and different from what was seen in traditional cinema.Cinematography for `` Breathless '' is absolutely beautiful . Because timing and space was a concern , Godard elected to use a wheelchair to film . Not wanting to use expensive lighting , Godard wanted to capture a realistic feel of these two characters by using natural light . So , many different techniques employed in this film.In fact , when they were seen in public , cinematographer Coutard was hidden in a cart as the two are seen walking down the street . No one around the two actors are aware that the scene was being filmed . And of course , I go back to the jump scenes and the editing but accidental as it may be , it was definitely a major part in introducing the world to nouvelle vague and changing the scope of cinema.If you are a Godard fan or a cinemaphile , `` Breathless '' is an important film worth owning in your film collection . Is it Godard 's best film ? For me , I enjoy `` Band of Outsiders '' , `` Pierrot le fou '' and `` Mascullin Feminin '' even more . But in the context of importance , `` Breathless '' is the feature film that launched Godard 's career and for that , I 'm so grateful that The Criterion Collection gave fans a magnificent release for this film.Highly recommended !
 a Good remix of an old chestnut . I wish though the sound had been updated .
 movie totally rules . dvd is lacking but that 's okay because you can learn about godard from other places such as commercials on cbs and rolling stones magazine .
 When it was made , this was clearly a 5 star film that broke new ground for films of the future . Accordingly , everyone will tell you that you must see this film , that it is absolutely superb . I ca n't go that far . Filmmakers after Godard have taken everything they learned from this film and others that followed in the French New Wave and gone beyond it . I do think any serious film fan should see it though . You will love seeing the young Belmondo and Seberg as the amoral lovers in the late '50s - early '60s who are fatally flawed with a penchant for crime . There are also wonderful street scenes of Paris from that era . The film was remade in America in 1983 starring Richard Gere , roundly panned as unworthy of the original , and ignored by the public . I recommend that you see both films together . I think many will be startled to discover how really good the 1983 version is and that it more than holds up to the original .
 As another review said , `` There was film before Breathless , and film after Breathless . '' It 's hard to see how revolutionary it was to take the camera out of the studio and off the tripod , and film actors in the streets . Famously , Godard said , `` All you need to make a movie is a gun and a girl . '' Breathless is the physical incarnation of that statement . How cool is Belmondo ? How hot is Sebring ? Brilliant dialogue and camera work , as well as outstanding performances , reveal that this movie still works as a breath of fresh air and a kick in the ass to all lazy film makers -LRB- and critics -RRB- out there .
 Choosing between this 1960 origional or the 1980s Richard Gere version of Breatless , it is this , no contest.This is arguabley the first French New Wave film , and contains the ingrediants . Lots of jump cuts , ten minute shots , uniuqe camara angles.Watch the scene where Belmondo steals the car , or where he is in the room with Jean Seaberg , where the same shot is held for the whole dialouge , panning camara.Breathless is a pretty simple crime film
 One of the more fascinating and important works in cinema , and a great , loving tribute to American film noir , Godard 's `` Breathless '' epitomized the French New Wave with a minimal yet innovative tale of doomed love . The tremendous appeal of this movie comes from its innovative use of sound -LRB- Mozart meets French pop -RRB- , handheld cameras , and jarring cuts -- not to mention an ultra-hip swagger beautifully performed by Belmondo . The lovely , perky Seberg reinvigorates a female clich&eacute; -- the gangster 's moll -- giving her a bit of bubbly pizzazz . Shot on location in the City of Lights , `` Breathless '' is an energetic fusion of high art and pop culture that 's not to be missed .
 Hilarious homemade French farce about the dangers of smoking cigarettes . Jean-Paul Belmondo 's `` death-run '' at the end is simply hysterical -- being a heavy smoker myself I 've often staggered down the street after a just missed bus in exactly this bagonghi fashion , complete with comical collapse in final face flop . Apparently some folks still insist it was those dirty French cops who shot down lovable bad boy and Bogie wannabe Michel Poiccard but if you ask me it was the gazillion Gauloises that ultimately poleaxed the rubber-lipped loulou . Seriously though , is it any wonder this cautionary little flick is called Breathless ? Just check out the sheer number of stogies old Michel fires up over the course of a tight 90 minutes -- sometimes the cheerful cheese-chomper has two or even three going at the same time ! And of course the radiant Jean Seberg is quite literally smoking throughout as the imported hot potato with five-alarm boho coiff , Patricia . That unbelievably extended bedroom scene is among other things a triumph of lighting given the prodigious quantities of smoke both Michel and Patricia are blowing . Say tray tray bong to Jean-Luc Godard in any case ; the only other Frenchman capable of making cigarettes look this dangerously cool on film is Jean-Pierre Melville who -- quelle surprise ! -- actually shows up here in a scene-stealing cameo as Parvulesco , the arrogant tobacco spokesman interviewed by Patricia . In fact , Melville 's magnificent Le Samoura very likely surpasses Breathless in its almost existential devotion to the cinematic cigarette . Plus the great attraction of Alain Delon 's Jef Costello over Jean-Paul Belmondo 's Michel Poiccard is Delon in Le Samoura says practically nothing during the entire film whereas Belmondo has a tendency to twitch and jabber uncontrollably . Ironically enough , the one other discordant note in the Godard movie is Martial Solal 's truly execrable score which sounds to my own hairy caveman 's ears like it was composed by someone who had just recently given up smoking .
 First , I must say I enjoy these types of movies . Characters who are living on the edge of society , almost oblivious to it . That obviously says something about me , the viewer , the interpreter . It also says something about how I view reality . As Marx noted , humans are self-interested creatures at the core . The rest is constructed fluff . This movie , for me , flows along that premise.Second , I had read nothing on this film until after I saw it a couple days ago . I knew Jean-Luc Godard was a very influential filmmaker , but little about this film itself . When I first saw the jump cuts I thought , `` what the h&*@? '' Others say those were political comments , revolutionary , forced , or just plain amateurish . What Roger Ebert conveys is Godard had to cut 30 minutes of film , so he went through and cut out anything he found boring . Sounds logical . This led to the final product , which includes the jump cuts . Well , I think as a style it ends up working . This is a `` rough '' film about an `` amateur '' criminal . Perhaps along its core is a universal political statement about social authority and the individual reactions to it . In the movie people die , and they die through the unpolished style of the main character , who simply lives how he chooses.Third , to me , the camera work , the acting , the script , all flow seemingly into a very stylized film that pays homage to the petty crime drama genre . In a way it is Reservoir Dogs before Reservoir Dogs . But it is also more . It tells the truth about love . Love is n't as simple as meeting somebody , sleeping with them , marrying them , having children , aging , and dying . Love , like life , is beautiful but messy . This film matches love and life perfectly . Just as amazingly , like the other film I mentioned , it manages to remain `` on the fringe '' of cinema while reinventing the industry in an important way and becoming a topic in mainstream discussions about film making . Certainly we have moved on . Breathless is not the only great movie ever made . There are movies made today that may even be its equal . Breathless becomes immortal , then dies .
 Jean-Luc Godard has been credited with revitalizing cinema in the early 60 's with his interesting and unique style of filmmaking , a style that has bleed over into even modern cinema and continues to influence and inspire . To say that Jean-Luc Godard is one of the greatest directors of all time -LRB- in company with Alfred Hitchcock , Stanley Kubrick and Ingmar Bergman -RRB- is perhaps too simple . The fact remains that Godard is n't simply one of the best , he 's one of the most important . ` A Bout de Souffle ' -LRB- better known as ` Breathless ' -RRB- is a sublime example of why he is so important . With his debut feature film he stunned audiences and critics alike by breathing a breath of fresh air into cinema and creating something new and intriguing and completely entertaining . ` A Bout de Souffle ' is one of those films you have to be wary about ` over-praising ' because once you ` get ' it you totally fall head over heals for it , but until you ` get ' it you may find yourself baffled at all the praise . That was me upon my initial viewing . I was about halfway into the film and I was stumped as to why this movie was so well loved . Sure , it was stylistically exuberating and blatantly original in construction , but as far as being a great ` movie ' , well , I just was n't ` feeling ' it in that way . The third act though is a huge wallop to the viewer and completely changed my thinking on the entire film . In fact , upon my second viewing I was able to spot things throughout the films progression that only added to my admiration for it , and now I am completely and utterly in love with the film ; so much so that I consider it one of the best ever made.So , I do n't want to raise your expectations so much that you become dumbfounded in the films first and second act . Please , realize that my praise belongs to the film in its entirety , and entirety that can not be fully appreciated until the third act is through . You really need to judge the film on your second viewing , for it is only after you have put all the pieces together that you can really enjoy the film from start to finish.The film is part crime noir , part romantic thriller . It centers around a thug named Michel who is on the run after killing a police officer . He hides out in his American girlfriend 's apartment . The film sports a neurotic narrative that keeps the audience glued as Michel and Patricia -LRB- the girlfriend -RRB- go through their day as normal people in abnormal circumstances . The performances are fresh and believable , and the dialog -LRB- a lot of which was adlibbed -RRB- feels perfect for the situation . Godard brings a lot of his love for film into his construction of ` A Bout de Souffle ' , a film that can be seen as an ode to the great film noirs that came before it . What is remarkable is that , but making this film completely his own , Godard created an ode that is superior to the films he was praising.During a press conference with an author , Jean Seberg 's character Patricia asks the author `` what is your greatest ambition in life '' to which he responds , after much thought , `` to become immortal and then to die '' . The significance of this statement is seen , not only in this film , but in the idea that art makes the artist immortal . Godard has become immortal . In the context of the film though , the immortality comes from love . When one has become truly loved then they are in essence ` immortal ' . The question raised at the end of this film is , ` was Michel immortal ? ` Through Godard 's impressive way of telling a story within a story one really has to watch this film a few times to answer that question . The outcome with each viewing may be different than the last , and the fact that Godard keeps the answer an ambiguity is to the films advantage . Did Patricia really love Michel ? Was her emotional reaction to the films conclusion all just an act ? Piecing together Godard 's point of view may reveal an answer you least expect , which makes this film all the more captivating . The films production notes mention that Patricia commits the ultimate act of betrayal ; but exactly what that act is , is up to the audience to decide .
 Viewing this is surprisingly fresh
 This is one of the greatest movies of all-time , and certainly one of the most influential . This Criterion Collection release is a must-own . Jean Seberg and Jean-Paul Belmondo give two of the most memorable performances in the history of cinema . This film 's influence continues to be felt in everything fromPulp Fiction -LRB- Two-Disc Collector 's Edition -RRB- toIn the Mood for Love - Criterion CollectiontoTime and Tide .
 This is a great movie , and it was one of the movies which heralded the arrival of `` NOUVELLE VAGUE '' which used `` jump cuts '' -LRB- Godard used the skill in `` A bout de souffle '' -RRB- , `` location shooting '' , `` improvised dialogue '' . Moreover , he used `` long shots '' , so the movie was experimental , and it is still enjoyable now . The story of the movie is still interesting , and see the final scene . I hope DVD edition which will be released on Oct 9 by a notorious studio `` Fox Lorber '' will be a great edition .
 So you 've heard of Godard ? You want to see/study all of his key 60 's films ? No better place to start than with BREATHLESS , his first feature . The only problem is that if you expect a logical progression from one film to the next -LSB- as you work your way through his ouevre -RSB- , you wo n't be satisfied . Godard reinvented the film art -LSB- as he saw it -RSB- with each successive film he made . But all this aside , watch this film for its energy and its daring . Its a film made by a cinema fan - heavily influenced by US B-films - who , in turn , influenced , not only more cinema fans but also many film critics and film makers to come . Thankyou Mr Godard !
 I first watched `` Breathless '' in a film class my Senior year in college and I was amazed by it . Although this film was made many years ago , I was blown away by the production techniques used . Some people in my film class thought the movie was stupid and made no sense , while others -LRB- including myself -RRB- found the beauty in it 's ability not to stick to the norm and be compelling in a subtle way . In a time when continuity is extremely important in film , it was refreshing to see jump cuts that were made on purpose -LRB- or rather necessity since Godard had to cut the film down considerably from his original cut -RRB- . Jean-Luc Godard is a true genius!This film revolves around the character of Michel , a common hood , who gets mixed up in the murder of a police officer while trying to win over the heart of the woman he loves . The plot to the story is simple , but the outcome is exciting . `` Breathless '' is definitely not for everyone . It makes you think about hidden messages , symbolism , etc. . However , it is very enjoyable and entertaining . I would highly suggest this film . I think everyone should be exposed to a Jean-Luc Godard film at least once in his or her life ! This is an excellent movie !
 Chances are , if you are aware enough to be looking up this movie you already know how wonderful it is . This is one of the great masterpieces of both the French New Wave -LRB- nouvelle vague -RRB- and Godard -LRB- as well as Truffaut , who shares a writing credit -RRB- . Both Belmondo and Seberg are well-cast and exciting to watch . Between Jean Seberg and Anna Karina , Godard had the good-sense/luck to work with two of the most beautiful and interesting women I 've ever had the pleasure to watch . I will say that this film is n't for everyone , but for those that dig it it is timeless and breathtaking .
 The film that validated the French New Wave and consummated the now-ubiquitous cin&eacute;ma v&eacute;rit&eacute; , `` fly-on-the-wall '' cinematography of modern independent film , Jean-Luc Godard 's debut feature Breathless , as influential as it 's obviously been -LRB- one need only gaze as far back as the extended bedroom scene of 2002 's `` Late Marriage '' to catch a recognizable echo of its ingenuity -RRB- , still remains as challenging today as it must have been in 1959 . Stylistically , the jagged editing technique is what will always call the most attention to itself
 If ever there was a film that summed up a genre this is it . `` Breathless , '' with its hard edge feel and heavy American influence , sums up French New Wave like few others . Making use of such inivative techniques as hand held cameras and bold editing it is a film that in many ways helped usher in the '60s film revolution . Viewing the film now it is almost impossible to believe it was made 40 years ago . And besides all that it is well acted , Jean Seberg grabs that audience with her increadable screen presence and does n't let go . After watching her performance one wonders if any of today 's stars could do the job like she did .
 The fact that this movie was so popular in its day -LRB- late 1950 's to early 1960 's -RRB- , and that it has remained a classic , indicates that it predicted the 1960 's . Many people compared the character played by Jean-Paul Belmondo with their own drab , conformist lives and wanted to be like him . By 1969 , many were . There 's a wonderful soundtrack , but when white subtitles are shown against a background of white sidewalk , you ca n't read anything for scene after scene . Still , this is a story of two fascinating characters and their lives which will give you a lot of insight into the era and how it became our modern world .
 the 400 blows , hiroshima mon amour & l'annee dernier a marienbad , pickpocket and a bout de souffle -LRB- breathless -RRB- are , somehow , a new way to look at things and how to express it to anybody else , on a screen . the edition and the shooting of this film is one of the countless virtues it conceals . belmondo & seberg actuations are superb , as well . they create a couple and their story - it is a film noir indeed - is being told in a completely different way . he 's a thief who meets seberg , and a crazy and naf love affair begins . he , a modern tough but tender guy , wants to find his way out of his enviroment by mockering every law , while she reveals as a chic , short-haired femme fatale who 'll carry everything to tragedy and betrayal . the final shot is pure poetry . this movie changed everything and it still remains inimitated , even for godard himself . breathtaking music . script by franois truffaut .
 What is there to say about Breathless , a movie that has started so many cliches ? Not much , other than you owe it to yourself to see it . It is the type of movie that if released right now it would still sell will , despite subtitles and being black and white , something most audiences would hate.This movie is n't about depth , but the exhilarating race through Paris , and the flashy dialogue . It is a movie that will keep you in , with it 's jump edits , that fit right in , despite it looking like the disc messed up . Belmundo is a low life who accidentally kills a cop and runs away , catching up with a American girl while trying to leave to Italy.It is one of those movies that you ca n't pull yourself away from , and when it is over you want more .
 I have n't read them all , but it seems to me that most of the reviews here are about film technique . In addition to being ground-breaking from a director 's standpoint , it 's a great story . I 've seen the Richard Gere version , and frankly , all I remember about it is the MTV music video for the theme song . The original gave me a completely different perception of the story , and the ending surprised me . I thought Jean-Paul Belmondo did a fantastic job with a complex character . There 's a press conference scene that I thought was important to the story , as well . I wish I spoke French , because I think there are nuances in the dialogue not captured in the subtitles , but nevertheless , I think this is an enjoyable film in addition to all the cinematic masterpiece accolades .
 When I first saw Godard 's Breathless , perhaps I had my expectactions high , or rather manipulated to be as such from reading other reviews , and I ended up thinking that while there was a flair for style and a rhythm that was a reminder of the jazzy feel in Cassavettes ' Shadows , the characters , inparticular the lead , were too shallow , self-righteous , and all-too-vain for comfort - or perhaps too , well , French.On a few more tries of the `` groundbreaker of the French new-wave '' -LRB- which I believe was at it 's absolute best in Truffaut 's 400 Blows , accessible to a wider audience -RRB- , I see that Godard , as much as he probably loves his characters , he despises them as well , in a sense . It could even be suggested that Godard sees himself in the lead Belmondo 's role , and if that 's the case then Godard is practicing the old self-reflection trick -LRB- though the story is loosely based on a newspaper article , scripted by Truffaut himself -RRB- . For those that can take such filmmaking , this is the treat of the week . And for film buffs it should be seen at least once to get an idea where most `` affluent '' independent filmmakers get their edge , and indeed its rhythm will give inspiration to struggling filmmakers . I might even see it again in several months to remind myself how inspired the jump cuts were that Godard used . But , I certainly do n't think that it 's among the greatest films ever .
 All right - Breathless is an important film and I can see why . This is the film that gave birth to the French New Wave . Before this , films look like they were shot in a studio . This film made the gritty look of seventies filmmaking - and indeed , today 's independent filmmaking - possible . This film has a guerrilla feel to it , which makes it seem very modern . Goddard films on actual locations with handheld cameras . The most obvious innovation is the deliberate use of `` jump cuts '' , which goes against the traditional theory of `` invisible edits . '' The story itself -LRB- by Francois Truffaut -RRB- is innovative - it foreshadows Quentin Tarantino with its non-moralistic account of a cold-blooded , Bogart-worshipping killer -LRB- wonderfully played by Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- and his crazy/beautiful American girlfriend.That having been said , the style of this film is really what is important . Looked at today , when its innovations have been absorbed into mainstream film , TV , and commercials , some of the flaws are more apparent . Especially towards the end of the film , when the story gets wackier and the style gets over-the-top , it became hard to restrain my Mystery Science Theater comments . That is the problem with being the first in anything - you go too far and you date yourself . Although Goddard started the Nouvelle Vague , I think that Truffaut - as evidenced by his script here - is the more important artist . This is the film that paves the way for better films like The 400 Blows . However , Breathless is still a good film and a must for any serious student of cinema . Although there are few extras on this DVD , the film looks great . For all its flaws , Breathless still has an air of authenticity that few films today can dream of .
 If you do n't see this with the proper context , it can be a bit of a headscratcher as to why this movie is important . It 's a bit like watching `` Birth of a Nation '' ; it 's hard to get that sense of `` D.W. Griffith was there FIRST '' , especially since the film 's content is , to say the least , appalling.So , in a nutshell
 `` Breathless , '' Jean-Luc Godard 's tribute to moviemaking itself and one of the seminal titles of the French New Wave , is , jump-cuts and all , a film that changed the way movies were made . It introduced audiences and critics alike to new voices in the cinema , to a newer and cheaper guerrilla-style film made on location and to the sort of movie aware of the fact that it was just a movie.That said , though , this movie is a lot of just pure fun . In the leads , Jean-Paul Belmondo and the absolutely gorgeous Jean Seberg seem to inject their portrayals of young thief-and-killer Michel Poiccard and his indecisive American girlfriend Patricia with a sense of humor and joy . The couple they portray are given moments where they 're not really pushing the action forward , where they 're reveling in what it feels like to be young and in lust , if not love . The scenes where they 're lying in bed just talking or riding together in a car and talking about Paris are perhaps the most delightful aspect of the film.Even though the character of Michel is almost certainly doomed from the moment he steals a car and guns down a police officer , he has a lot of fun with his last days , wandering the streets , stealing from friends and trying to get Patricia to sleep with him . Patricia , likewise , is given moments of joy , despite worrying about her pregnancy and job , wondering if she should betray the man she loves to the police or run away with him to Rome.That spirit , in addition to its technical wizardry and the passion of its makers , is what made the film different in 1960 , and it 's the spirit behind it that just makes `` Breathless '' fun Sunday-afternoon viewing now .
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Breathless , released in France as '' &Agrave; bout de souffle '' is the premiere feature film of Jean-Luc Goddard.It is the story of an American jornalist in France who befriends a cop-killer . Initally unaware of his crime , she is unsure as to whether to turn him in when she is informed of it.This film stars Jean Seberg who was very famous in her day and later had troubles that lead to her death.The two disc set has many special features including a large booklet . The other special features are as follows.Disc one has the film , the French theatrical trailer , and interviews with director Jean-Luc Godard , and actors Jean-Paul Belmondo , Jean Seberg , and director Jean-Pierre Melville who makes a cameo appearance in the film.Disc two has video interviews with Coutard , Pierre Rissient , filmmaker D.A. Pennebaker , two video essays , Mark Rappaport 's `` Jean Seberg '' , a documentary on the life and death of Seberg and Jonathan Rosenbaum 's `` Breathless as Film Criticism '' , `` Chambre 12 , Hotel de suede '' , a French documentary on the film 's production , and a 1959 short film by Godard , `` Charlotte et son Jules '' . This release has many good features and I especially enjoyed the Jean Seberg biography .
 Excellent film
 Jean Seberg makes me want to buy the New York Herald Tribune . ... grrr ... . Buy this film . If not for Jean S. , then for the fact that it 's ok .
 What can one say about BREATHLESS that has n't already been said ? From the opening moments of the film , I was shocked by the camera work . It was not until after I had seen the film that I learned about its `` groundbreaking techniques '' and the fact that many people consider it the beginning of modern cinema . So I can only tell you my initial impression of the film
 Godard is like a jazz musician . He takes a simple story -LRB- a cliche even -RRB- and flips it around turns it inside out and creates a revolution on the screen . This is one of the most satisfying things to watch happen.Though not everybody will like his films - they are still -LRB- you must admit -RRB- ingenious and uncompromising.Watch this movie and have fun with it .
 Yes , yes , of course Breathless is a great film . What amazes me is that no one has yet complained that this disc features only the FULLSCREEN version . What ?? If they can give * Starsky and Hutch * a widescreen edition , why not Breathless ? To not be able to experience the full frame of Godard 's most well-known work is ridiculous . Cinephiles of the world , unite and demand a new , more comprehensive release . Why has n't Breathless yet been enshrined in the Criterion Collection canon ? Who will save this seminal work from its current limbo in a land formatted to fit your tv screen ? For your own good , and ours , do n't purchase this shoddy version of a great flick until Fox gives it the treatment it deserves .
 This is a great movie . See this movie
 Jean-Paul Belmondo and Jean Seberg sizzle . The movie is best remembered for its role in the French New Wave , but the film stands on its own as a document of the alientation of youth . Jean Seberg is particularly captivating , and it 's a shame that her career never really took off . She was utterly beguiling .
 `` A Bout de Souffler , '' -LRB- `` Breathless '' -RRB- 1960 , a French crime drama/romance/thriller was the first of the `` Nouvelle Vogue '' -LRB- `` New Wave '' -RRB- films - made by a school of filmmakers associated with the noted French cinema enthusiasts ' magazine `` Cahiers du Cinema -- '' principally Jean Luc Godard , and Francois Truffaut , among others . Truffaut wrote the script ; Godard directed ; it was his first film . It starred the `` jolie-laid , '' -LRB- beautiful-ugly -RRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo , making his film debut as Michel Poiccard/Laszlo Kovacs , a petty thief-cop killer . And the stunningly beautiful Jean Seberg , then 21 , as Patricia Franchini , a seemingly aimless American girl taking classes at Paris 's famed university , the Sorbonne , selling The New York Herald Tribune International Edition along the City 's equally famed shopping street , the Champs Elysee . It introduced techniques that were to become commonplace
 Breathless -LRB- 1959 -RRB- Crierion Release
 Earlier commentators have quite rightly praised the excellence of the technical quality in this film 's transfer to DVD and the general distinction as well of the included special features . Outstanding among the latter is the insightful discussion of the film not only in the usual context of its homage to Hollywood noir but of its not so readily recognized role as an art work in the lengthy tradition of `` the international theme , '' that of the naive young American girl adrift among money-hungry Europeans , a favorite of numerous artists since Henry James ' `` Daisy Miller . '' `` Breathless , '' it 's true , has always been rightly understood as a tribute to Monogram Pictures , B movies , and Bogie , but it is equally illuminating to see it as a satirically meaningful interaction between a psychotic , though charming , evil European and a presumably naive , though even more lethal , American girl . Henry James predicted in despair that the American girl of the future would know `` little of mystery , and even less of manners . '' In confirmation of his prediction , , we have in this film the American girl in the person of the deadly careerist , ultimate betrayer Patricia , seller of the New York Herald Tribune , speaker of grotesquely pronounced French , herself a species of unwitting last Mohican , the reductio ad absurdam in fact of the presumably innocent American encountering the presumably wicked European . The film `` Breathless , thus , is much more than a piece of meaningless `` existential '' viciousness celebrating the merits of film noir . It is rife with more literary and cultural resonance - to wit , the clever yet moving arrival at rock bottom of an old tradition - than is usually acknowledged .
 What interests me is Truffaut 's and Godard 's very simple story is its ability to convey the nihilism of the main characters . I believe it deserves at least as much attention as any of the evolutionary film making leaps that went into the film making.The story is simple enough
 Franois Truffaut , Jean-Luc Godard , Claude Chabrol , Jacques Rivette and Eric Rohmer were film connoisseurs , who all worked as movie critics for the same magazine . Between the years 1958 to 1964 , this group transitioned into filmmaking , and , along with other directors , such as Agn&eacute;s Varda , Jean-Pierre Melville and Louis Malle , ushered in the French New Wave Movement , -LRB- Nouvelle Vague -RRB- . Their background in film theory and criticism was a major factor in motivating these artists to create a bold new cinema.Jean-Luc Godard 's first feature , `` Breathless , '' was released in 1960 , introducing the New Wave and changing cinema forever . Godard used jump cuts , handheld cameras , zoom lenses and a new editing style to take the viewer places never ventured before . No artificial , glossy stage sets in this movie . Along with the protagonists , we travel up and down small side streets , into local bars and sidewalk cafes , across boulevards and , for inconsequential moments , brush the lives of passers-by , who have nothing to do with the screenplay , but always play a role in our daily comings and goings . The fragmented rhythm of modern life is translated here . Godard used sound in the same way , adding street noises , bits of conversations and music to add to the movie 's authenticity and pace . This was indeed innovative at the time . And it still holds up . Watching `` Breathless '' forty-five years after its debut , 21st century technology does not detract from its dynamism or relevance in the slightest . In fact , with each viewing , I find the film every bit as exciting and poignant as I did the first time.Jean-Paul Belmondo plays the feckless , foul-mouthed car thief , anti-hero and Humphrey Bogart fan , Michel Poiccard . Just a few minutes after the opening credits conclude , Michel 's status changes from small-time hood to cop killer . His life 's plans alter drastically as he becomes a hunted fugitive . Michel remains cool enough , however , to visit an old girlfriend and steal some money . Bogart would have been proud - not of the theft , but of the style . Michel spots gamine-like American , Patricia Franchini , -LRB- the lovely Jean Seberg -RRB- , selling copies of the Herald Tribune on the Champs-Elysees , and pursues her , with roguish smiles and moody pouts . He curses her and moves off fast , though , when she gives him a hard time . He likes his women more enthusiastic . Instead of getting out of town fast , Michel hangs with fellow thugs and steals more cars.Patricia is an enigmatic character , who occasionally startles with her observations and revelations . Twenty years-old , with the naive face of an angel , she seems to have no direction or goals in life . She studies at the Sorbonne and says she wants to write , but is oddly detached . She shuns commitment . She does occasional odd jobs for the newspaper , but appears to live in a dream world . Of course Patricia winds up with Michel and together they gallivant around the gorgeous streets of Paris , as if they have n't a care in the world . Patricia does have at least one problem , however - she might be pregnant . Together the couple attempts to collect on a debt to raise enough cash to escape to Italy.Godard captures incredibly intimate moments between the two lovers , particularly in one lengthy , extremely realistic bedroom episode , filled with small talk , tenderness , petty cruelties , eroticism , mind games , childhood memories shared and loneliness . At the scene 's end we have a better understanding of the self destructive individuals who make-up this twosome . A sense of burgeoning doom , which has hovered in the background all along , begins to increase here . Michel 's bravado also escalates with the level of danger and , to his credit , he remains true to his idol , Bogart , to the end . The conclusion boggles the mind , at least it has always impacted me emotionally in a major way.Belmondo is brilliant as the restless thief , in this , his first film role . He reminds me of a French James Dean . Seberg is convincing and fresh . This is a dynamic film , witty , fast-paced , romantic and disturbing . It has long been a favorite of mine.JANA
 Numerous reviews , essays , and books have dedicated much thought and contemplative work on Jean-Luc Godard 's film Breathless . So where does one begin this review knowing that many have already dissected his film ? Perhaps , we should try to understand why this film has received so much commotion.Contemplating the society when Breathless was shot and comparing it with our current society might not be the best approach . It is also silly to think that a young audience will get all the references to older films , which Breathless intends to shove aside with a refreshing style . For example , jump cuts are something that today 's youth have seen millions of times . If people watch MTV or any other television channel they will see the infamous jump cut in action in both recorded and live format . So why bother watching Breathless ? Well , to fully appreciate Breathless the audience should watch films from France and the rest of the world that were made before , let 's say in 1955 . In this way the audience will build an idea of how stiff and structured films were without much visual surprise , which big production companies still depend on occasionally as they use them as a safety net in fear of having a bomb at the box office.Breathless is actually a refreshing breath of a new wave that hit the world of the cinema in the 1960s . This fresh idea helped develop film and cinema into what it is today , and this is why Breathless is such an important film . The film broke the cinematic rules that were in use by the production companies . For example , Godard wrote his shooting script during his morning coffee while probably inhaling his nicotine fumes , scenes where not rehearsed and the idea of how to frame a shot came though the motion and the making of the film . Cinematography used handheld cameras a long time before it became common through lightweight cameras . Contempt was expressed in regards to meticulous lighting . The filmmakers tossed the old ways out through the window and began to create a new form of visual expression , which was only a natural progress for cinema just as art has advanced through history.Breathless takes place in Paris where Michel Poiccard -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- seeks refuge in the masses after having killed a traffic policeman in a moment of fear . Wanted and hunted Michel takes short cuts to find money by stealing money from old girlfriends and trying to get back old debts , money Michel needs in order to leave the country . However , he has also made new acquaintance in Paris that infatuate him , the beautiful American Patricia Franchini , a Iowan girl by the name of Jean Seberg who sought refuge in France after a couple of box office bombs in United States . Michel seeks Patricia as a means to find shelter and possibly affection.The chemistry between the Michel and Patricia generates a certain mystique , as Patricia always seems to be full of astonishing revelations . For example , she tells out of the blue that she is pregnant and that she requires her freedom . Michel on the other hand is an uncomplicated guy with a tough faade that he seems to borrow through his hero Humphrey Bogart -- style he mimics by having a constant cigarette that is hanging of either one lip or squeezed in between . The character 's differences could maybe be a result of the individual styles of acting , but also on Godard 's rejuvenating style of directing . This mystique keeps lingering in the air through the cinematography and the performances of the actors.Regardless of how the mystique is generated , the film provides a wonderful cinematic experience , as it is full of surprises and leaves the audience in a breathtaking , yet quirky visual journey . This further evolves on how Godard makes the film a little more interesting in a cerebral way in regards to cinema . For example , Godard efficiently uses the director Jean-Pierre Melville , to perform as a famous writer that Patricia interviews while Michel uses one of Melville 's films , Bob le Flambeur -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , as a reference of who would pay a debt . Ultimately , the audience has experienced an interesting cinematic expedition through Breathless , especially in a historical perspective . The story is not intricate , yet it is the simplicity that Godard employs that makes this film so wonderful .
 Godard 's `` Breathless '' -LRB- or `` Out of Breath , '' the correct translation fo the title -RRB- still feels fresh and alive , especially when viewed in the dreary context of contemporary Hollywood cinema . It offers a sparklingly original alternative at every turn , from the pacing of its story to the engine that drives its loopy , intentionally sloppy plot . This is a picture that is alive on screen as you watch it , forcing you to draw yourself into the action rather than lay back and passively absorb it.The film is one of the finest examples of New Wave cinema , from its jump cuts , its depiction of Parisian life , its incredibly sustained sequences of pure converstaion and dialogue , all of which dominate what is essentially a simple chase picture.Jean-Paul Belmondo and Jean Seberg are a perfect mix of classic and contemporary , both remaining timeless . Their relationship really unfolds in the film 's central sequence , a near 25-minute conversation in Seberg 's bedroom , in which such subjects as Faulkner and fornication are explored aptly . And that is what the film is known for -- when was the last time a thriller contained the audacity to feel free to explore areas residing outside the genre?Like `` Pulp Fiction , '' one of its distant relatives , this is a film where plot and story are present but removed far into the background , while character , dialogue and visual texture are placed in the foreground . In its pristine black-and-white cinematography , its innovative use of camera movement and position , its raw , defined performances , and its tireless style and visual invention , `` Breathless '' is a great film and belongs in any serious film lover 's video library .
 First off , if you consider yourself any kind of film buff and if you have n't seen Breathless , shame on you . Not only is it # 1 on my personal favorite films life , but i also consider it one of the 5 most important films ever made in cinema history . In short , it is a film worth owning on DVD.I had been petitioning for Criterion to release this title in their collection for years and it finally happened -- Breathless has been done justice . And I must say that my expectations for this Criterion release were greatly surpassed ; it is by far the best Criterion DVD i own.Amazon seems to agree with the release 's quality as it has ranked this edition of Breathless as 94 in their Essential 100 DVD 's . Here 's what makes this release so good : + The new transfer . beautiful . it is clear and the image has excellent contrast . i noticed details in the film that i had never noticed before in my crusty Fox-Lorber edition . Same goes for the sound transfer . + Packaging . I love the box are and packaging . the 2-disc set comes with a pretty thick book of essays and interviews that are all very informative and examine the film from a number of perspectives . + Special Features . I dont know of any other dvd release of a classic film that has such comprehensive special features . i had considered myself somewhat of an authority on breathless ... that is until i watched every available feature on this edition and realized that there was so much i didnt know ! although all of the features are great , the best one was the documentary , Chambre 12 , Hotel de Suede , an 80 minute piece that if probably the most comprehensive body of info on the film that ive ever come across.I highly recommend this new release . In my opinion , you cant go wrong with this film , or with this definitive DVD release .
 * Breathless * is a cornerstone for any cineaste 's video library . It 's also MANDATORY for students of film . Do n't argue . Live with it . And spare me the arguments like the ones I 've read here about the movie being `` dated '' . -LRB- PuhLEEZE . -RRB- I take out my red pen and write `` prove ? '' in the margin . Just because everyone uses jump-cuts today does n't mean * Breathless * , as an autonomous work of art , is dated . I 've seen many new movies this year , and none of them have challenged me half as much as this old New Wave warhorse continues to do . Godard 's putative `` homage '' to American gangster pictures challenges you right from the first frames , with the get-to-the-point editing and especially with the protagonist , Michel Poiccard -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- , who within the first 5 minutes steals a car and kills a cop . Godard gives us a `` hero '' who is amoral , and , worst of all , not particularly bright . Quentin Tarantino , who borrowed mightily from this film , could n't resist giving his criminals witty things to say about Pop Culture ... but Belmondo 's Poiccard has almost nothing to say , witty or otherwise , although he does jabber on at length about cars and pretty girls . There IS one telling moment wherein he proclaims that he prefers `` nothing '' to `` grief '' , but despite that statement 's basic affinity with the movie 's overall existentialist mood , it 's also just macho posturing . The triumph of the film , however , is not Belmondo or even the ground-breaking narrative style but Jean Seberg as Belmondo 's American girlfriend . At first we 're thinking that she 's a pixie-like Audrey Hepburn type , what with her radically short haircut and insouciance . But she ai n't no Sabrina
 This is hands-down one of the best movies ever made . Just the opening seconds of Jean-Paul Belmondo smoking announces a whole new attitude towards youth and life that hits with the freshness of the Beatles . `` Breathless '' creates a world of love and motion and danger and art that 's single-handedly responsible for at least half the clich&eacute;s you have in your head this second about Paris . Truffaut 's script is excellent , nearly every shot is original and revelatory , but what I loved most about the movie was the apparently random , documentary feel Godard gave to so many of the scenes
 More than forty years later , it may be hard for modern audiences to understand how revolutionary Jean-Luc Godard and his Nouvelle Vague -LRB- French New Wave -RRB- contemporaries really were . So many aspects of Godard 's stylistic achievements , such as the unabashedly hand-held camera , have become so popular in music videos , TV , and the movies , that its use here may not seem notable . Film critic David Sterritt 's commentary track does an excellent job of conveying the importance of this first feature-length Godard opus , and also emphasizes the many ways in which the director is having fun with his audience . As Sterritt demonstrates , Godard uses what he has enjoyed from his life as a lover of movies to deliver a filmgoing experience that contains the humor and action that he enjoys . Godard lingers on the lengthy interactions between Breathless ' two young actors , allowing us all to savor their intimacy , and also uses Brechtian self-conscious techniques to encourage the viewer to stop and consider his filmic experience . Breathless is a great introduction to Godard , much more accessible to current American audiences than his later work . Watch the movie first , then watch it again with the excellent commentary track .
 Breathless , as a movie , is a delight . And David Sterritt 's commentary on this DVD is the perfect accompaniment . He obviously loves this film , loves its characters , its actors , its quirky little devices , its big philosophical themes . He delights in everything about it , and I ca n't imagine anyone failing to be swept along with his enthusiasm.Furthermore , the visual quality of this disk is excellent . Breathless was originally shot on 16mm film , but many of the scenes on this restored recording look as sharp , clear , and beautifully lit as B&W ; still photographs by Edward Weston .
 A movie more famous for style than substance , though it set the movie world on its head . A third-rate hood in Paris -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- , who thinks he 's Bogart , steals a car , then kills the policeman who pulls him over . Now on the lam he goes to his girlfriend -LRB- Jean Seberg -RRB- and asks her to hide him until he can collect some money owed him from a previous job ; after that he tells her they will go to Rome . But Seberg is as empty , soul-less , and finally ruthless as he is , and at the end she turns him in to the police.But it 's the way Goddard relates the story that had everyone ga-ga over this movie masterpiece
 This review is for the 2001 Fox Lorber DVD.The movie begins with a car thief , Michel Poiccard -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- , hot-wiring a late ' 50 's Oldsmobile coupe on a busy street in Paris and racing off into the French countryside . While speeding through a construction area , he passes two motorcycle cops and a high speed pursuit begins . Michel quickly eludes the police by turning off the highway onto a dirt road but one of the cops pulls up and attempts to arrest him . Using a pistol that he found in the glove compartment , Michel shoots the cop and flees on foot across the countryside . He eventually gets back to Paris and hounds all of his male and female friends for money so that he can flee the country . Finally , he runs into the woman he adores the most , Patricia -LRB- Jean Seberg -RRB- , and this sets up the remainder of the movie where the two become more attached while at the same time the authorities try to hunt down Michel for the murder of the policeman.There 's a lot of things this movie does impressively . First , the free-spirited criminal played by Jean-Paul Belmondo brings a sense of ultra-suaveness to his character . He seems so hip and he 's such a lady 's man that it 's really hard to view him as a bad guy - but the reality is that he is bad and its fascinating to me how women cling to the `` bad boy '' and seemed turned off by the stable and caring `` good boy '' . In addition , the jazz score greatly enhances the film and it brings an ultra-cool mood to the movie . Much of the dialogue between the characters is fun and playful , and very provocative for an early 1960 's film . I also give the film credit for its realistic ending and for not being heavy handed or dishonest . The picture does n't look at all dated for being 45 years old , and the cinematography is at times a feast for the eyes.With all the great things going for it , there are two minor things about this film which keep it from being an awesome masterpiece for the ages . One problem is the abrupt editing , which at times is almost irritating . The other problem is that some of the scenes , especially the bedroom scene with Michel and Patricia , goes on far too long . But those are minor problems compared to the groundbreaking achievements of this film . I 'm aware from the commentary that editing and long scenes were perceived as artistic enhancements to some , but for me , they stood out as annoying flaws.Overall , if you enjoy foreign cinema or groundbreaking , original films , then `` Breathless '' is a must-see . The DVD restored picture is virtually free of imprefections , but the black & white presentation does have a low contrast , gray cast to it , which minimizes the extreme black and white tones . The DVD contains commentary by columnist David Sterritt.Movie
 Godard saw that amateur films of family and friends had a poignant nostalgia and an immediacy that was lacking in American films . Even the great Hitchcock working in America at well-financed studios produces his masterpieces with great deliberation and finesse creating a plastic art . So Godard mixes improvisation , street scenes shot from within a box on a wheelchair and captures Parisians as they really are in their banality , in their recognizable humanity , and therefore , the thrill of humankind in recognition.The Belmondo character smokes his fat Chesterfields exactly like Bogart , his gangster screen mentor . So the director interjects his admiring eye on American film actors within the storyline . Belmondo impersonates Bogart , his many personal screen quirks , but then the stoic Bogey is exaggerated , a modern stalking horse for future punkdom . You could almost see the swinging 60 's five years in advance as Belmondo and doll-like Jean Seberg prance about Paris , breaking the stodgy rules of their 1940 's ,1950 's parents , making love on a whim , making banal , pseudo-intellectual references , outlandish statements - I 've had lovers , many , anyone I see , blahhh blah , I 'm pregnant - so what - let 's get under the sheets , banality under amazing visual setups in a plain room for thirty minutes . Then there 's the cuts from moment to moment , a two or three minute cut to the same shot with the car driving through Paris - a parade of diplomats - a policeman on the trail of Belmondo interwoven , so we have the effect , especially in black and white , of a documentary spliced together by an amateur.These are all very original ideas , which I think along with One Life to Live make Godard a heavy weight in the pentathlon of great directors .
 Perhaps I will be the first to admit something no self-respecting film critic would say about such a brilliant period of filmmaking , The French New Wave -LRB- a movement that was solidified between the late 1950s and 1960s -RRB- . I did n't like BREATHLESS the first time I saw it . In fact , I even had the audacity to publish a review here , that first time , stating that I did n't like it because of its style , as well as the overall way it left me feeling -LRB- completely unresolved -RRB- . Of course , no one found my review helpful . I had a lot of nerve , taking on one of the most definitive films of that era and boldly putting it down ! Upon second reflection , I realize that the feeling it left me with was intended , and also why it was hailed as one of the greatest films from the time period . Therefore , I felt compelled -LRB- since I deleted that old review -RRB- to properly acknowledge BREATHLESS , directed by Jean Paul Belmondo , as the masterpiece that it is.As far as the story goes , I do n't want to waste too much space , here , re-telling it . I will say that Jean-Paul Belmondo , as Michel , our `` anti-hero '' is deliciously unsavory and the ultimate wise guy . This thug idolizes Humphrey Bogart and feels very comfortable to make the stand as an anarchist in the face of the law , society and his girlfriend , Patricia -LRB- Jean Seberg -RRB- . BREATHLESS follows these two and their exploits , through jagged camera angles and really thrives on a `` less is more '' approach . There is a great deal of subtlety here . That includes numerous , off the cuff references to cinema , the director and his work as a critic , and plenty of double entendre . I really reccomend this , because if a film has the capacity to drive someone to such frustration and irritation and then bring about a total 180 degree change of heart so many years later , that is certainly an example of compelling cinema .
 For many viewers this film is the quintessential movie of the New Wave . I would not dare to affirm it but undoubtly we are in front a masterpiece loaded with irreverence , sardonic humor and a special candor and tenderness of the loneliness told in a brilliant journey of hyperkinetic anguish . The delirium and the sorrow ; the time must be lived as it was the last day of their lives . The story turns around the adventures and misadventures of a very weird couple who decides to break certain rules . Belmondo is outstanding . We had to wait until Jules and Jim to enjoy and describe the whole circle of the meaning of the New Wave . You may number five essential titles
 Who says you ca n't make a great picture cheaply and on a very tight budget ? This is only the 7th Criterion Blu-Ray release that I 've seen afterThe Seventh Seal
 At the forefront of the French New Wave along with Franois Truffaut -LRB- The 400 Blows -RRB- , Alain Resnais -LRB- Hiroshima Mon Amour -RRB- , and Louis Malle -LRB- Elevator to the Gallows -RRB- , Jean-Luc Godard broke all the rules in his 1960 directorial debut with a story borne out of American B-movie conventions but revitalized by his free-form narrative , hand-held camerawork -LRB- by Raoul Coutard -RRB- and jazz-infused editing style . On the surface , it seems like a standard young couple-on-the-run adventure , but Godard upends the predictability of the situation with a fresh , documentary-style perspective that emphasizes youthful impulses over morality lessons . Some of its fresh , brazen novelty has worn off over the years , but there is no denying its propulsive energy.The plot is deceptively simple . Michel Poiccard is a young , small-time criminal with a Bogart fixation , living for the moment and taking what he needs with no consideration for the possible consequences . His one obsession is Patricia Franchini , a pixyish New Yorker who lives in Paris and works part-time for the New York Herald Tribune . Michel steals a car in Marseilles and drives to Paris to see her again . On the way , however , he shoots a motorcycle cop with a gun found in the glove compartment of the stolen car . As the police close in on Michel , he holes up in Patricia 's apartment and tries to convince her to run away with him to Rome . Godard wrote the script based on a story by Truffaut , and the plot emphasis is placed squarely on the dynamic between Michel and Patricia , especially in a lengthy dialogue scene in her apartment . The thriller aspects seem secondary until the last half-hour and the memorably bitter ending.In his breakthrough role , Jean-Paul Belmondo captures Michel 's surly , amoral nature with a certain magnetic quality that announces his arrival . As the fashionably enigmatic Patricia , Jean Seberg was just 21 but had already been burned by Hollywood thanks to her mechanical performances in two Otto Preminger films , Saint JoanandBonjour Tristesse . She still strikes me a blank slate here , but it seems to work for the story because the viewer is left wondering what motivates her devotion to him and her final act of absolution . The two-disc 2007 Criterion Collection DVD set is as impressive as expected for the film 's aficionados . Beyond a fairly pristine print of the movie , Disc One includes the original French trailer and 27-minutes worth of vintage interviews with Godard , Belmondo , Seberg , and director Jean-Pierre Melville -LRB- who has a memorable cameo as a pretentious author . Surprisingly , there is no commentary track from a film scholar , the usual supplement for special Criterion releases.Disc Two has the lion 's share of the extras . There are recent interviews with Coutard and assistant director Pierre Rissient , as well as a ten-minute interview with documentary filmmaker D.A. Pennebaker and his brief experience working with Godard . Seberg gets special attention in an eighteen-minute film essay that covers her tragic life and career , and another essay , `` Breathless as Criticism '' has Chicago Reader film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum explaining the significance of the film for a new generation . There is a 78-minute documentary from 1993 , `` Chambre 12 , Hotel de Suede '' that traces the original film locales . Interviews with Belmondo , Coutard , and technical adviser Claude Chabrol are also included . Finally , there is a twelve-minute comedy short from 1959 , `` Charlotte et son Jules '' co-starring Godard and Belmondo . A comprehensive eighty-page booklet accompanies the set .
 This film is the best of the French New Wave of films . It is continually entertaining and keeps the viewer involved . I love the candid shots films on Paris streets . While Truffaut is the most human of the New Wave directors , Godard is easily the most challenging and inventive .
 Breathless - in it 's lean , pared down , gritty realism - is a seminal movie . Michel Poiccard -LRB- Jean Paul Belmondo -RRB- is a disaffected youth , a sort of French James Dean , who steals a car , shoots a policeman , then goes on the run . Whilst trying to track down money he is owed so he can escape to Italy , he pursues his affair with the beautiful , bird like Patricia by breaking into her hotel room . In a memorable , drawn out scene , the two lovers flirt and fight amongst the pillows , discussing the deeply philosophical and the trite and trivial . The dialogue sequence in this scene is a superb piece of cinematic realism . The detail of Breathless - Michel 's white shirt and Bogart style cigarette and hat combo , Patricia 's striped dresses , he city of Paris , a sharp jazz score , the doomed forebodings of noir - raise this film up to its position as Flicks magazine puts it
 I finally did it . I finished watching '' &Agrave; bout de souffle '' aka `` Breathless '' . I kept putting it off because I usually have problem when everybody tells me that such and such film is the epitome of its era or it breaks all the rules , starts the revolution , and reinvents the cinema . Well , '' &Agrave; bout de souffle '' does not put you under the pressure , it takes you for a ride , and you follow for 90 minutes its incredibly young characters , common crook -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- and his American free-spirited girlfriend -LRB- Jean Seberg -RRB- on their journey on the streets of 1960-th Paris along with Raoul Coutard 's legendary camera . I am not going to tell here how great the camera work was , how fantastic the music score and the views of Paris were - the fans of the film know that already . They also know about the beginning of French New Wave , and how it influenced the future cinema . I just want to say that the movie was made over forty years ago - the smoking was cool back then , and Belmondo made smoking look very sexy . Belmondo fascinates me in this film . I 've seen him in a lot of later movies - he 's always been good -LRB- I recommend Le Magnifique , 1973 and Le Professionnel ,1981 -RRB- - but in &Agrave; bout de souffle he is not just good - he is embodiment of cool , his face changes its expression every moment , you can not take your eyes off him . Is it me or he does remind the very young Mick Jagger - not commonly handsome but irresistible and sexy ? He and young -LRB- she was 21 at the time -RRB- Jean Seaborg made one of the best screen couples ever . My favorite scenes : Michel drives the stolen car in the beginning of the film , and he starts to talk to us , the audience . The day is nice , the sun is shining , and the life is beautiful ... Michel and Patricia drive in the convertible . The wind plays with her short hair . We only see the back of her head and her neck . Michel tells her that he loves the girl with a beautiful neck , wrists , knees , but she is a chicken ... Patricia comes to the hotel to find Michel in her bed . They start talking about nothing and about very serious things . They smoke , she tries to find a good place for her new poster , and he wants to sleep with her . In the end of the scene , his face , he looks at her - there is love in that look ... There is more - I am sure everyone who saw it has his/her favorite scenes .
 This 1960 film involves `` existence '' and is always actual . In its vein does not suffer from any type of religiousness or humanisms that plague otherwise interesting films . It is in my opinion the greatest film of all time -LRB- superior to Fellini 's Dolce Vita and 81/2 , to Antonnioni 's Blow Up , to Bergman 's Wild Strawberries , and some few others -RRB- . Transfer is good , digitally restored recently by BBC , and the film looks better than we saw at theaters back then . English commentary is a bit `` outsid-ish '' and stating the obvious , but overall is OK .
 Why is the first movie by Godard different from so much independent cinema nowadays ? After all , Godard always is trying to impress us with cinematic tricks and arbitrary changes of mood and pace . But there is an important difference . When you listen to his characters talk , they are speaking reality . When he films Paris even before the fifties were over , you get the exact feeling of the town without sweeping shots of the skyline . And when he does some expected thing , he does tongue-in-cheek , playing with the conventions , subverting them and making you laugh about them . So you have innovative cinema , instant icons , cult scenes , and a lot of talk about love , sex , high-culture , jazz music , post-modernism before it was even imagined , and one of the more beautiful imagined cities in the world . And after this Godard would become even more radical , changing the way we can understand cinema , challenging the status of the art that he wants to elevate -LRB- but he knows how ? -RRB- . I can not emphasize how revolutionary all the thing feels . And it is forty-seven years old ?! Like other Godards , it makes you think that we , as Westerners , have n't got too far from what he saw so many years ago .
 Jump-cuts , abrasive dialogue , panning shots , the use of real locations filmed on the run , recalls the moment of A bout de souffl&eacute; ,50 years ago this month.Starring Jean-Paul Belmondo , a handsome broken-nosed actor and the iconic Jean Seberg , prot&eacute;g&eacute; of Otto Preminger.Its director,Jean-Luc Godard , was part of the nouvelle vague , including Truffaut , Melville , Chabrol , Rivette and Rhomer.This was Godard 's debut-formerly a Cahiera du Cinema critic - , still looking so fresh and modern , the epitome of cinematic invention , vitality and cool.Shot in high contrast monochrome , rapidly edited , interspersed with quotations from literature , art and philosophy.Belmondo plays the Bogart-imitating Michel , the swaggering , mysoginistic petty criminal anti-hero , who steals a car in the south of France and kills a policeman on the road to Paris , where he takes up with an old girl friend , the well-healed Patricia -LRB- Seberg -RRB- , the young , New York Herald Tribune-selling American in Paris.Chabrol , who served as supervising producer on ` Breathless ' , famously warned that great subjects rarely make great films.And Godard gnomically said : `` All you need for a movie is a gun and a girl . `` This was the basis of the brief scenario that Truffaut , an admirer of film noire and pulp fiction , provided for Breathless.The couple talk of lifeand literature in a seedy hotel , make love and visit the movies while he tries to get money owed to him by criminal associates.The police close in , Patricia betrays him.The style is everything , a calculated destruction and remaking of traditional film grammar.The camera is hand-held , the editing is abrupt and inconsistent.Raoul Coutard 's masterly monochrome photography is harsh,hard-edged , reliant on natural light.Melville , director of existential gangster pictures , makes an appearance as himself , the first of such cameos in a Godard picture.He evokes other directors , Fuller , Preminger , Aldrich and Bogart 's image looms.We are kept at a distance by Brecht 's alienation effect , told that we are watching a film , but also that movies , like our lives are halls of mirrors.Godard deliberately created confusion to ` achieve a greater possibility of invention ' , shooting in the busy streets of Paris.This film , like 400 Blows , is a must-see for any true lovers of cinema.In cinemas this June and DVD in September by Optimum Releasing
 Even though this movie is pivotal , and reflects a time long gone , even though the acting is great , I 'm somewhat disappointed ... it has aged !
 This is one of the most refreshingly entertaining french movies of all time . While ground-breaking in it 's use of editing , the movie is also refreshingly original in it 's story -LRB- by Francois Truffaut -RRB- . Jean Paul Belmondo is the embodiment of ` coolness ' as the anti-hero Michel Poiccard , even if he is a ` small-time ' hood . Jean Seberg is beautiful as his ` cute ' american love interest . While it may not appeal to the general public , film lovers and insiders will be delighted . Great for sophisticated viewers . One of the all-time greats . From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 10 !
 The Bottom Line : Breathless reminds me of the Blair Witch Project -LRB- bet I 'm the first person to ever say that -RRB- in that looking back it 's hard to see what all the fuss was about -- Breathless was extraordinarily novel for its time but now it 's a far less compelling motion picture , so if you sit down to watch it you might find a find far less masterful than you were lead to believe .3 / 4
 This is one of the best -LRB- and first -RRB- movies made by Godard . It is historic in it 's introduction of jump cuts and as an important contribution to the french New Wave , and so on . And it 's very fun to watch . This Criterion edition contains a good transfer of the film plus tons of extras . Well worth buying .
 Breathless is a great example of French New Wave , a film with innovative camerawork and editing . It does not resemble the majority of films made previous to it which is why it is interesting . Jean Luc Godard was one of several filmmakers who felt that movies were getting stale , so he attempted to rejuvinate the medium.Michel Poiccard -LRB- Jean-Paul Belmondo -RRB- kills a cop after stealing a car . He overreacted but now needs to play it cool to avoid detection . He is a wanted man , but he steals cars left and right and persues a beautiful American girl -LRB- Jean Seberg -RRB- instead of fleeing the country . She is ambivalent about him , but the two spend a lot of time together . Their conversations are the most enjoyable parts of the movie , especially the one in her apartment.A simple movie that sometimes feels like sneaking into a stranger 's conversation , Breathless is highly enjoyable . It was made on a modest budget , but it comes off as being slick and interesting.This DVD edition has an extra disk just brimming over with special features . For die hard fans , this is essential .
 This is the type of movie that you 'll want to watch again and again . It 's pristine condition in this Criterion collection and lots of great special features . The photography is impeccable , the music is cool , the performances are engaging - this is a great movie in every aspect , pretty much flawless .
 Older movies are like Shakespeare . They are to be appreciated by all and enjoyed by few . BREATHLESS , while cutting-edge at the time , plays in today 's world like any student film one is likely to see . This reviewer found the flick very charming and very interesting in a historical context . I understand , however , how others may find it tedious , boring , and ultimately unfulfilling.I recommend BREATHLESS to anyone interested in film history and/or anyone interested in old film noirs . The later group will find the european version of the old American crime movies rather interesting.Additionally , if you happen to be a Tarantino fan , check this film out as the grandfather of RESEVOIR and PULP FICTION ; it certainly is that .
 This is such a cute movie . I love it and it always makes me laugh at times and cry at other times . Loved the raccoon and the race most of all . I think it 's a good family movie . Recommend .
 Having read , & never forgotten the touching story of growing up-sprinkled w/adventure , an encapsulated version -LRB- from Readers Digest -RRB- when young , I wanted to share this book w/my sons . They loved it ! Providing the screen adaptation & the book @ home was a nice way to connect over the years-I feel the story will be passed to my grandchildren . The story takes place in a much simpler , yet more fulfilling , time . Neighbors were neighbors , pretty much the whole town was serene . Then along comes Rascal ... a raccoon kit abandoned by its mother who is , of course , adopted & cared for by the author/central figure -LRB- Sterling North -RRB- . Like many Disney characters , one parent -LRB- or both-in this case the mother has passed -RRB- are missing from the home & Sterlings father is a travelling salesman , so there is little parental influence in the boy 's life . Rascal manages to fill some of the void , but is a mischievious tutor , creating many uproarious situations which teach young Sterling some ` propers ' . Eventually Rascal , being guided by natture , must go off on his own . So the tale conveys a message about growing up & humility . While a touching story in many aspects , one must remember that 2 parents are a blessing from above & should have a bit of conversation with the younger viewer/reader regarding this . Worth the time of us older ` kits ' , too !
 Based on Sterling North 's classic bookRascal ,
 This is a great `` feel good '' movie for the entire family . After I saw it the first time I was hooked . Another classic Disney that 's been lost modern life .
 I loved watching Rascal when I was a child and it really brings back memories . There are other great ones mentioned in the commentaries also . True some are better then others but I always liked Rascal .
 Disney did a good job of incorporating Sterling North 's story of `` Rascal '' into a film . The film version remains close to the book 's story . While Rascal is mainly a children 's film , it also good for viewers who love animals . The raccoon does a lot of cute things the film has a relatively happy ending .
 It 's a cute odl Walt Disney movie with nice lessons of life . It 's old style but OK . There are some very funny parts too !
 `` Rascal , '' the Disney/Buena Vista live-action film based on the 1963 million-plus , best-selling `` memoir of a better era '' by Wisconsin-born author Sterling North , is finally available on video and DVD -- and , although the wait has been far too long , the film stands up to the test of time . Bill Mumy is charming as Sterling as a child , but the animals steal this show . Masterfully directed by the same gent who created the best of Disney 's nature flicks , this warm-hearted , nostalgic view of 1918-era southern Wisconsin -LRB- the fictional setting of Brailsford Junction is based on the author 's hometown of Edgerton , Wisconsin , located in Rock County , nearby a meandering Rock River and one of the largest lakes in the state , Koshkonong -RRB- will please adults and children alike . Having the film widely available again , 33 years after its first theatrical release , is almost worth the shortcomings of the DVD -LRB- and those all involve the decision not to include any extras -- no theatrical trailers , no biographical info on the talented cast , no info on Sterling North -LSB- 1906-1974 , also the author of `` So Dear to My Heart , '' made into another film by Disney in 1949 -RSB- , no info on the Sterling North Society of Edgerton and its restoration of Sterling 's childhood home as a museum , etc. etc. -RRB- , all of which would have added immeasurably to the movie 's enjoyment . Nevertheless , a first-rate effort by a talented team and a film made during the golden age of Disneyeseque films about boys and their pets .
 `` Rascal '' is the true story of a baby raccoon which author Sterling North found when he was 11 years old , and raised until it was time to set the raccoon back in the wild.This is a sweet story , and the bits which may cause some parents concern in the book itself are not even present in the movie , making it sweeter still.There are spoken threats to the raccoon -LRB- neighbors warn that if the raccoon starts to raid gardens , he will be shot -RRB- , but it never goes beyond that.That said , there are scenes where Sterling 's father has a dead turkey slung over his shoulder , and another where the plucked turkey is ready to become dinner.Also , in one scene Sterling 's father invites the town 's new minister and Sterling 's teacher in to dinner , and proceeds to get them drunk on hard cider.One other matter which may cause concern for some - although it is based on reality - is that Sterling 's mother has passed away , and , to compound matters , his father is a travelling entrepreneur , and he often leaves young Sterling at home alone for days on end -LRB- it is made clear in the movie that this is not ok , although Sterling 's father does n't seem to see it that way at first -RRB- . Finally , there is a scene in the beginning - and one in the end - where the raccoons tangle with a bobcat . Nobody gets particularly hurt , but it might be a bit scary for a few moments for younger children.If the above are ok for your family , then `` Rascal '' is a very sweet film , and we will be watching it again.And , oh yes , the fellow who plays Sterling is none other than Bill Mumy - yes , that Bill Mumy , who played Will Robinson in `` Lost in Space '' . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The picture quality of this DVD is excellent . The colours are so crisp it could have been filmed last year , not 1969 . It was so wonderful to see a movie from my childhood - one which I have n't seen for over 30 years . This DVD title is not available in Australia , so it was great to be able to buy it from Amazon in America . This is the first time I 've bought a DVD from overseas . -LRB- Luckily my DVD player is multi-regional -RRB- . It only took 16 days from when I ordered on-line for the DVD to arrive in my mailbox here in Australia - for the grand cost of -LRB- incl . postage -RRB- AU$ 16.47 ! - a fantastic bargain . Thanks Amazon .
 If you are a Procyon Lotor lover , this film is for you . If you 're looking for a classic , lively Walt Disney animal film -- this one is n't it . The film follows Sterling North 's book , and does it well . Yes , it seems to drag at times , and therefore does not `` meet '' the high action/drama expectations of today 's viewers . But this film was made before the days of high-tech computer animations , and the coons used in it -- are real -- and therefore a true representation of this wonderful , mischievious critter . This whole film deals with a raccoon . It is not just a brief `` tease '' scene in a film for us raccoon lovers .
 I actually have the book on which this film is based , and given the constraints of time , the film script follows the book pretty well.Billy Mumy was a well-chosen cast member for the principal role.The film must have been pretty difficult to execute given that an animalis involved with most of the scenes.The film is typical of many of the Disney films which can generate empathyand emotion in the viewer , but do not have any unpleasant scenes disturbing enough to make young viewers cry . It is a very pleasant andsometimes humorous story of youth growing up in a time gone by .
 When a cuddly baby raccoon snuggles his way into the life of a lonely boy named Sterling North -LRB- Billy Mumy -RRB- , things go riotously awry as the ringtail 's mischievous nature gets more and more out of control . Everyone in the small town gets to know Rascal , whether they want to or not - the bandit-masked mammal is especially fond of the eggs in the neighbor 's chicken coops . Eventually , it 's decided that Rascal will have to be returned to the wild . But Rascal does n't want to go!Based upon the memoir by Sterling North , the movie suffers from sluggish editing ... but that little raccoon is just too cute!Staci Layne Wilson
 A warm story of a young boy who 's father is a single parent , but is gone on travel as a salesman most of the time . The boy is well behaved though , and his love for animals is what gets him in trouble at times . He collects them in a way , but when he brings home a baby raccoon , things really get wild . Naturally when the raccoon grows up , it changes , and that is hard on the boy . I love old Disney films , and this is very nostalgic . But let me warn you , it is a litle slow paced . It is a neat time period , with the cars , clothes and homes . But I agree that people expect to see more fun and action with the raccoon , my son was bored too.I wish Disney had released this in widescreen or taken the time to add any extras such as theatrical trailers , or footage from their many shows that included animals . Disney made the best animal movies of all time , and they made the most . If you want great animal stories for your kids try other Disney fare such as `` Nikki the Wild Dog of the North '' , `` Lobo '' , `` Sammy the Way Out Seal '' , `` Charlie the Lonesome Cougar '' , `` The Ugly Dachsund '' , `` That Darn Cat '' , and many more . Some of these are released as videos under the name Anchor Bay instead of Disney , but they are originally Disney in the theatre .
 My kids , 10 , 8 and 4 all loved this movie . It is a funny , warm story of a boy and his pets , specifically his racoon , Rascal . My 4 year old wandered a bit during the dialog scenes but the other parts of the movie kept her interest .
 Set in West Palm Beach , Florida -LRB- but filmed in San Diego , California -RRB- , Silk Stalkings was a sort of `` Miami Vice '' lite for the 90 's . Telling the story of Homicide detectives Chris Lorenzo -LRB- Rob Estes -RRB- and Rita Lee Lance -LRB- Mitz Kapture -RRB- , Silk Stalkings shows the detectives solving crimes of passion among those living the high life.While I will admit that the show tends toward the cheesy , this guilty pleasure consistently entertained me throughout its 8 seasons . And despite the cast changes over the course of its run , the series remained watchable throughout . The possible exception is the latter half of the fifth season , but I will leave that for my review of that season.Season Four starts off with a two-part episode `` Natural Selection '' that is surprisingly dramatic . These two episodes were the first episodes I saw when flipping through the cable channels during the original run of the series . I liked them enough that I continued to watch the show regularly . Soon enough , USA network put the show into a five-nights-a-week late night slot , and I quickly caught up on the first three seasons.In addition to the usual story of Chris and Rita solving a murder each week , this season also saw good use of the supporting cast , including
 As I live in Brazil , I used do watch Silks Stalkings on cable.I never missed an episode . The plots were really interestingand Mitzy Kapture and Rob Estes had such a chemistry togetherthat made you really believed they were partners and bestfriends!As Mitzy got pregnant and she and Rob left the show , they stoppedairing it here , so it 's amazing to be able to watch the bestlate night series all over again!I ca n't wait to buy season 5 ! And even though it 's been more than 10 years , the series have n'taged a bit.Each episode mantains its charm , mistery , passion andsometimes humor . A must see ...
 Silk stalkings 4th season is a smashing experience ! With lots of action , drama and sad stories combined , this is the best season so far ! Rita and Chris is still the all time favourite couple , now with new hair cuts and a tiny improvement considering their outfits . I highly recommend this show to all ! Silk Stalkings is dearly missed , and watching gorgeus Rob Estes as Chris Lorenzo is a great bonus ! Buy it !
 Boy I really missed this show - Rita and Chris - geez the chemistry the best ever on TV ! It is still just as great as it was the first time I saw it on cable . Gosh - I ca n't wait for season 5 to be released ! Dang I wish they would both be in more stuff ... what a waste of beautiful talent !
 One more t.v. series I came across while looking on Amazon that I added to my Wish List and received as a birthday present . I was skeptical of my taste in the early 90s vs. today . I remember thinking it was a kind of a newer , maybe shallower Miami Vice-style , that was pretty risqu&eacute; for regular cable t.v. I used to watch it sporadically on USA late at night , but probably never saw two episodes in a row.My fianc&eacute;e and I watched the first episode with my parents . None of us really got into it and I felt a little disappointed . A little while later -LRB- days ? a week ? -RRB- my fianc&eacute;e and I were looking for something to watch that was n't too long , so we gave it another whirl . After the second episode we were hooked and preceded to watch a bunch , one after another . We cruised through the First Season way too fast that I even found myself watching the Extras ! To make a long story short , we 're about half way through the Fifth Season now and dread the inevitable , that this is the last season out on DVD.Yes , there is 90s cheese , florescent outfits that we ca n't believe we thought were cool , some questionable hairdos , swimsuits , only large-chested women always seemingly getting out of a pool at the crime scene wearing a thong bikini , every episode opens with a sex scene that ends in someone 's death , and the list goes on and on . However , we are totally hooked and love every episode and season ! It 's part romantic comedy , part t.v. detective series drama . I loved Miami Vice , but usually did n't find myself laughing whereas with Silk we are laughing during every episode and feeling good at the end of them . There also is very little blood and gore . You get the idea of what happened , but often see no blood when someone is killed . The chemistry between Chris and Rita as well as them and the others characters is great . I would say our only disappointment is you get attached to a few characters that all of the sudden never show up again in an episode -LRB- some of the coroners , Cotton , etc. -RRB- . Also , they are kind of bad about reusing characters that had such strong parts in episodes that it is sometimes weird to see them again in a different episode as someone different . All in all , 5-Stars !
 I 'm so glad they decided to release Silk on DVD ! I loved the show when it was on tv and then they stopped showing re-runs all togeter and the series ended . I 'm a fan of Rob and Mitzi . Chris and Rita are my favorite out of all the pairings ! The show was awesome !
 This item is of great quality for those who like this kind of series . Would highly recommend !
 Anyone know when the next season will be released.Love you Mitzi/Rita .
 Yes , I do n't what else to say , I enjoy who dunnit mysteries , and they always have the least suspicious person do it .
 I am completely happy with purchasing the Silk Stalkings t.v. series season one through six . I am looking forward to more of the t.v. series to come out on dvd . This has been one of my favorite thriller/crime investigation shows from all the ones I have watched . It is a classic . Hopefully Silk Stalkings will release more dvds on Amazon .
 When you look at police or forensics shows nowadays , it 's as if you are looking at true crime scenes . This stark realism was thankfully missing from the glossy Silk Stalkings series , and made it that much more entertaining and relaxing to watch after a hard day 's work . Chris & Rita were good-looking , well-dressed sexy partners who wore Miami Vice pastels and handled cases in beautiful millionaires homes in Palm Beach , Florida . The dialogue was sharp and funny , the side characters interesting -LRB- you had to love comedian Charlie Brill as their wisecracking captain beginning in Season 3 -RRB- , and there were popular-in-the-day celebrity guest stars , some of which are listed below along with their episode titles from this Season 4 DVD set : DISC 1 SIDE ANatural Selection , shows 1 & 2 - Poppy Montgomery , Gary FrankReluctant Witness - Shannon Fill , Cully FredericksenMaid Service - Christina Solis , Miguel SandovalDISC 1 SIDE BCassie & Jessie - Bibi Besch , Lyman WardWhere There 's A Will - Charlie Schlatter , Alla KorotRed Flag - Christopher Fuller , Kristen FontaineAsk the Dust - Constance Towers , Bruce GrayDISC 2 SIDE AThe Mud Queen Murders - John O'Hurley , Gilbert GottfriedSchool of Hard Rocks - Shari Shattuck , J.C. BrandyTime Share - Pat Harrington , Barry JennerVengeance - Heidi Mark , Larry PoindexterDISC 2 SIDE BGhosts of the Past - Paula Trickey , John MarianoPas de Deux - Judith Chapman , Ron KuhlmanMrs . Carlisle - Kim Morgan Greene , Dave BuzzotaBrother 's Keeper - David Ciminello , Juliette JeffersDISC 3 SIDE AChampagne on Ice - Sarah Buxton , Mark DerwinI Know What Scares You - Matthew Letscher , Jocelyn SeagraveNew Blood - Kellie Overbey , David SederholmCommunity Service - Joe Cortese , Ana AutherDISC 3 SIDE BCadillac Jack - Meg Wittner , Mark Lindsay ChapmanInto the Fire - Belinda Bauer , Robert Guy Miranda
 Good show . Actors believe able and the characters were strong . Story lines were easy to follow with good sequential order . I love the great outfits too .
 Having been made in the late 80 's , early 90 's , it 's surprising how up to date the plots and actions are . No cell phones but everything else A-ok .
 I 've been a fan of this show for so many years and when I found out it was on box set I know I had to have it . I only like the seasons with Rob Estes and Mitzi Kapture and all I need now is season five but I can seem to find out when it is going to be released . I guess I will just have to wait and see !!!
 I really enjoy watching Silk Stalkings . It is one of my favorite shows
 My hubby is a groupie for this series , so he is thrilled with it . Good quality , basic packaging , but full of everything he wanted .
 This is the best silk season ever !! Except for them killing off the greatest guy ever ! It has lots of passion and chemistry .
 Wonderfully acted by everyone ! Rip Torn is a dream but cudos to all ! Interesting story line and a perceptive look at familial relationships . It gets a little trippy but that 's part of the fun . Wacky , crazy , funny and oddly relatable , the movie is a joyous and touching ride . It resonates for days after . LOVED IT !
 I saw this movie twice through my On Demand function , I loved it that much ! -LRB- on two separate PAID occasions ! -RRB- Parker Posey is apparently the `` Queen '' of indie films , and even though she gives her usual great performance here , it 's Ellen Barkin who steals the show in my opinion , especially since I did n't recognize her at first . Her character cracks me up , so to speak , pun intended . She is absolutely hilarious as the `` nurse '' / exotic dancer who is living off Parker Posey 's and Demi Moore 's father , who is played by Rip Torn . Mr. Torn also gives a great turn as the deteriorating parent who is going through dementia . It is a combination of sad and hilarious as the girls deal with their father 's condition and argue about their upbringing and who is ultimately currently responsible for his care at any given time . There is supposedly a buried treasure in the backyard ; one daughter unquestionably believes and the other has never believed in it . This film is very touching and lightly funny , the performances are excellent , and I truly feel Ms. Barkin deserves an award for her portrayal of the exotic dancer/nurse , although she was n't in the film very much . Demi Moore is outstanding as the more `` together '' sister , taking charge , and getting things done . Currently waiting for my own personal copy , this is one film that I wo n't mind watching over and over and over , which is rare for me .
 I am very happy to have seen this picture . The three starts Parker posey , Demi Moore and Ellen Barkin are very fine and the actor who plays the father too.It is a very good picture
 Totally loved this movie . It was funny , sad and crazy too . Parker Poesy , Demi Moore , and Rip Torn are fabulous !
 A fun cute girly movie . Just the kind I like ... not too commercial ! Rip Torn plays a true to life character .
 this is an old movie , but one of the best . you will laugh your head off.all star cast , of the best actors/actresses . before some come famous . i highly recommended this movie to anyone who likes comedy.amazon had the best price around . i could n't find it anywhere else.i tag this product with 12 tags .
 Super fun-filled movie depicting a thirties raccoon hunt of that era . It has speed boats , air boats , old jalopies , horses , coon dogs , loopy characters , but is definitely not politically correct . Have a howling good time at the antics of good folks like Ben Johnson , Don Johnson , Jack Elam among many other well known character actors .
 I truly loved this movie . Two of my granddaughters who are 8 and 6 watched it with me over the christmas holidays and we all just laughed and laughed at this movie . They were telling everyone how funny the movie was and enjoyed it as much as I did . I would recommend this movie to everyone young or old . It 's a very funny movie and keeps you wondering what 's going to happen next .
 Very funny Movie with
 We watched this movie years ago and liked it . It is a funny and good family movie without the bad language scenes etc. . Good good clean entertainment .
 I have been looking for this movie for a long time and when I finally found it I got a great deal on it . It was shipped fast and the movie works great . I am very happy with this product and seller and I will buy from this seller again .
 THANK YOU FOR PROCESSING MY ORDER SO QUICKLY . THIS MOVIE IS HILLARIOUS . I GAVE IT TO MY BROTHER FOR A GIFT AND HE LOVED IT . THANKS AGAIN FOR YOUR HELP AND QUICK SERVICE
 I laughed all the way through this crazy comedy ... I loved every minute of it .
 I SAW THIS MOVIE ALONG TIME AGO ; I THOUGHT I WOULD SEE IT AGAIN ; THANK GOD SOMONE OUT THERE FINDS THESE OLDER MOVIES THAT ARE OVER LOOKED & TAKES TIME TO MAKE THEM AVAILABLE AGAIN , THANK YOU T0M
 Our whole family laughed throughout the entire movie . My daughters felt that the movie was very similar to the tv show Dukes of Hazard .
 I remember watching this movie when I was five years old . Now I 'm thirty five and I still laughed like there would be no tomorrow ! If you have n't seen this movie , you 've missed out your whole life on a awesome movie and a good laugh . Even though it makes Louisiana people look stupid and a bunch of hillbillies I still love this movie and always will !!!
 My husband and son absolutely loved this movie . Me ? Not quite as much ! It was just so-so to me although parts of it was funny !
 This product was handled and packaged fast , easy to open . Was very happy to fined this old movie to enjoy over and over again .
 One of the great unknown movies of all time . Good clean fun and humor , family friendly , no foul language . All together a great movie of a bygone era that still holds up today . This movie is truely a joy to watch . Ben Johnson , Don Johnson and a host of others really bring this movie to life . It is such a shame to see this treasure like so many other great old movies just vanish , it is nice to see it on DVD so I can give my old VHS tape a rest . If you like movies with swamps , moonshiners , the worlds first airboat -LRB- including alot of self destructing prototypes -RRB- , a coondog race , and all manner of good clean fun then you will love this movie .
 I watched this movie as a kid and laughed . I watch this movie as an adult and laugh . It 's family friendly entertainment .
 It arrived on time and in great condition . The movie was brand new and worked great . I love this movie and would buy from this company again .
 i placed the order for my dad for Soggy Bottom USA last tuesday 3/15/11 and i revieced this item , it was in excellant condition , am very please with the product that i 've recieved from this seller . thank you , im ready to see the part where the dog pass gas in the church lol
 Loved this movie as a kid , growing up in southeast Louisiana . Was very excited to find to on DVD . Just as funny as I remember it . The dog makes the movie !
 This is a movie we had for our children and it was so funny we 'd get tears in our eyes . Wanted to give it to my grandson because we keep telling him about it . Loved it .
 We had this same movie when my boys were small only on VHS . Needless to say the VHS wore out long ago . This was one of my boys favorite movies . Although they are grown now they have gotten as much enjoyment out of the movie now as they did when they were small . Now if I could only keep the movie at home so I can watch it . Thank you so much for having this DVD for purchase.Joshlin Sears
 Excellent movie and excellent shipping . Amazon is very easy to purchase merchandise from .
 I got this as a christmas gift for my neighbour I havent seen it yet but she said it was great .
 I originaly watched this movie as a kid and my memories of it prompted me to purchase this DVD . The movie was n't as good as my memory but I still enjoyed watching it again , the funny parts are still very funny -LRB- fart comedy will never die -RRB- . The quality of the sound and the pictures was very good for such an old movie and I will keep it in my movie collection for that rainy day when I have nothing else to do .
 When this movie was first released , my dad , aunts & uncles , grandparents and anyone else of the `` older '' family generational ties would sit down countless times and watch this , and would end up laughing so hard at times you would almost swear they farted in their pants ! Seriously , it 's from a day and age before times as we know them now , but it was so cleverly put together , any generation will - kids and adults alike - will find it a classic , hard to turn away from . You could say its stupid , silly , cantankerous - but not dirty or raunchy -LRB- well , not that much anyway - maybe just a teensy bit on the wild side -RRB- . In a word - it 's an awesome , funny , hold-your-ribs movie . Imagine going through a race and your car and driver is riding so wildly , and your hanging on for your dear life and finally , at one point - `` Oh Lord I do hereby repent of my sins ... `` If that does n't sound so funny , then you 're missing the boat - and the movie ... : o -RRB-
 I recall this film when I was quite young . I remember going to see it with my parents at either a theatre or a drive-in , do n't recall which . I remember laughing so hard at the time and my parents laughed hard as well . In recent years when I began my DVD collection , I thought about this film and knew that I wanted to add it to my collection and luckily , I found it on this website . If you 've never see this film , I highly recommend it .
 This is a great comedy starring Don Johnson in one of his early roles.It 's a must see !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We like movies about moonshinning and bad guys and then there 's comedy like the dog and romance . then this all happens with all the water .
 This order was a replacement for an old VHS tape ... one of my husbands favorites . I ordered an extra copy for my son in law . Great movie ... good for few laughs .
 i love the movie and i will continue to buy movies from you and when i fine one i like .
 I had seen this on video before and thought it was just the best laugh . Had to have it on DVD . Loved it .
 i really loved this movie have not seen it since i was a kid i really enjoyed seeing it again
 We had watched this when it came out . We searchedfor this for several years . This movie was great and no problemsin viewing .
 No real kid could be like Heidi was in this movie , it was too perfect . She made everyone -LRB- almost everyone -RRB- happy throughtout the movie with her intelligance and charm . It seems as if in everyone of her movies she has a n animal such as a dog , horse , etc. in this movie she lived on a farm with many animals and many funny moments . when she finally sets out to charm her grandfather she once again is taken away . she is now to help clara who is crippled . clara is very happy with heidi and heidi helps her learn to walk ! such as every temple movie it turns out great and they unit again and her last wish is to have every children in the world to be just as happy as her !
 I am an old holiday movie buff and this is a classic . It beats the junk that is produced today .
 It 's hard to be picky about any DVD that has Shirley Temple in it and while the quality of this one is not great it is very good , considering the age of the film . Avoid watching the colorized version-it was n't filmed that way so why bother ? I have been waiting many years for this reissue and I am not going to complain too much about it . I have mixed feelings about this ; an American treasure such as Shirley Temple deserves much better treatment not only for this film but ALL of her films . On the other hand , if this is all we 're going to get from Fox then let 's enjoy it to the fullest . If you really think this film is grainy , check out Shirley 's `` Bright Eyes '' , an otherwise delightful film but a bad transfer nonetheless . I only hope that Fox intends to release other Shirley movies on DVD , such as `` Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm '' , `` Curly Top '' , `` Little Miss Broadway '' , `` The Littlest Colonel '' , `` Wee Willie Winkie '' , `` Just Around the Corner '' , `` Captain January '' , and others . I can not begin to tell you how much I adore this little actress . Talk about a bundle of talent ! Her combination of singing , dancing , acting , and just pure charm are qualities that simply are not going to be matched ever again . Let 's not get too critical of the plots and casting , either . Okay , Heidi is about a German girl -LRB- or Swiss , I 'm not sure -RRB- and Shirley Temple obviously sounds as `` American '' as you can get . And , her co-star has a slightly Southern accent . In `` The Little Princess '' she was supposed to be British but the film makers did n't have her hide the fact that she sounded American . These pecularities occur throughout a lot of her films ; that 's just the way it was in those days , and it really is n't that different today . Please do n't take these films too seriously , and just enjoy them for what they are-showcases for the best child actor that ever was , and there will NEVER be another one like her .
 Shirley Temple ... the best . Always has been , Always will be . My granddaughters loved watching the movie with me andunderstood why I always said this was my favorite.They said it was a little weak compared to movies of today but still loved it .
 This is one of my all time favorite Christmas movies although you could watch this movie any time of year . It 's funny , heartfelt , and just genuinely wonderful . My husband even loves it and he 's a manly man . He always laughs during the movie and he thinks it 's a great movie too . I first saw this movie about 30 years ago purely by accident . After all these years , I finally decided to get us a copy so we could watch it more often .
 Shirley Temple movies will always be some of the best of the classic greats . Heidi will always remain one of favorites . A cute little girl who can steal your heart away .
 I remember watching this movie when I was young . I love that the DVD has it in both color and black and white . Both look great . A classic movie for the Christmas holiday . I highly recommend it !
 This a wonderful classic that is worth watching during the holidays ! A child and her grandfather develope a wonderful loving bond . A refreshing family movie !
 `` Heidi '' is one of my favorite childhood movies and I watched it with my 4.5-year-old daughter today -LSB- in the original B&W ;] . To my utter delight , she loved it , and sat through the entire movie without so much as a squirm . I attribute this to Shirley Temple 's precocious and adorable performance as the spirited and gentle-hearted orphan Heidi , who is taken by her Aunt Dete -LSB- Mady Christians -RSB- to the mountains , where she is unceremoniously dumped on her curmudgeon of a grandfather -LSB- Jean Hersholt -RSB- . Though both are initially wary of each other , a mutual and true affection slowly develops until Heidi is whisked away by Dete to the home of a rich man , where Heidi is to be the rich man 's daughter 's companion . Klara -LSB- Marcia Mae Jones -RSB- , the rich girl , is wheelchair-bound and is delighted by Heidi 's down-to-earth nature and funny antics , but Heidi pines for the mountains and especially for her beloved grandfather . The baddie role is played by Mary Nash as the mean-spirited Faulein Rottenmeir who truly does some mean things to Heidi in this adaptation.But , this is a great family movie with wholesome values and wonderful acting . Even in B&W ; , the charms of this story are many and I 'm so glad to be able to share this wonderful classic with my little girl .
 Some people have said this is Shirley Temple 's best film . It 's not my favorite but I admit it is very good ... and it has some of the most touching , wonderful moments of any of her films.The mean old lady , `` Fraulein Rottenmeier , '' played by Mary Nash , has too big a role in the second half of the movie making for a number of unpleasant scenes . I had gotten so involved with the story that I could n't stand to see this mean woman so nasty to `` Heidi '' -LRB- Temple -RRB- . Also , there was only one song-and-dance number and that 's not enough for a Shirley Temple movie , in which we come to expect songs-and-dances . The other characters were fine . Arthur Treacher provides good humor ; Jean Hersholt is great as the gruff-then-loving grandfather and Marcia Mae Jones is nice as the young invalid.This is a true classic story and ends with perhaps the most gorgeous and sweetest smile I 've ever seen on Shirley 's face .
 Shirley Temple is perfectly cast as Johanna Spyri 's perky Swiss Miss. . She receives excellent support from Jean Hersholt as Grandfather , Marcia Mae Jones as Clara , and Mary Nash as the aptly named Miss Rottenmeier . Arthur Treacher is also featured as the Butler Andrews . Treacher played the Butler , or some similar role , in several films with Shirley Temple.There is a lot of drama and action packed into the film 's 88 minutes . One may wonder if Heidi/Shirley suffers a bit too much . First , her Aunt Dete dumps her on her dour , reclusive Grandfather 's doorstep . Then , just as she manages to melt her crusty Grandfather 's heart and bond with him , Aunt Dete returns again and kidnaps Heidi -LRB- ! -RRB- off to Frankfurt , where she is to be a companion to wheelchair-bound Clara . Leaving Heidi with witchy governess Miss Rottenmeier , Dete says , `` Sell her to the gypsies for all I care ! `` Heidi teaches Clara to walk again . This infuriates Miss Rottenmeier , who kidnaps Heidi again -LRB- ! -RRB- and actually does try to sell her to the gypsies . Grandfather has been looking for Heidi , however . He is thrown into the Frankfurt jail on Christmas day , but manages to escape in the nick of time . Heidi and Grandfather are chased by the police across the mountains in the film 's frantic climax . I do n't know if this has anything to do with Spyri 's book . Shirley Temple 's fans are n't likely to care . This 1937 version is one of Temple 's best films . The `` Heidi '' formula was repeated most successfully in 1939 's `` The Little Princess . '' Here , a particularly determined Shirley is again menaced by witchy Mary Nash . Marcia Mae Jones , in contrast to sweet Clara , plays snobby schoolmate Lavina .
 This is one of the best of the Shirley Temple films . Remarkable is the fact that she did not overact and that all the supporting cast is supberb.For those not familiar with the story it is easy to follow and is a pleasure for young ones who have never seen this , and for the older ones who remember seeing it as children
 I purchased this video for my mother who will be giving it as a Christmas gift . We were blessed with getting to know a young lady from Germany who spent the year with my brother as a foreign exchange student . While here , she and another student from Austria watched our video of Heidi so they could compare it to their version . They enjoyed it so much that my mother decided to get her a copy . We are very happy with our purchase - the quick shipment and great packaging got it to us in A-1 condition . Thank you .
 After 5 tries with 3 other sellers , this one got it right the first time and delivered fast !
 HeidiThis was such a great story and as always Shirley Temple proves that she was a phenomenal actress .
 My 6yr old granddaughter and her mom loved watching these classics . They are timeless and enchanting .
 Shirley Temple gives a wonderful performance as Heidi , a very likable and unspoiled child . She lived with her aunt , after her parents die , for a few years . The aunt then in turn hands her off to her grandfather -LRB- Jean Hersholt -RRB- , who is living in the mountains . He has a reputation of being a mean , violent , cruel man . Heidi turns the tide and his heart warms to her . Her aunt returns to steal her , sells her to a rich family to entertain an infirmed child . Heidi wants to return home , but the rich family wo n't allow it . In the end the grandfather finds her , she helps the infirmed child to walk again and they live happily ever after .
 Both black and white and color versions were sharp and clear . An excellent product !
 This is the definitive version of this movie , I have read some reviews below and would like to clear some things up . First off , this is the full feature and nothing was cut , second the print transfer is very good . Maybe there is a better print , but I have not seen it.There are only a hand full of her films that I will always remember and this is one of them . Curly Top , Bright Eyes and The Little Colonel were the others . The DVD has both Black and White and Colorized versions included . I am not a fan of colorizing anything , but since they kept the original intact , I did enjoy watching both.Now on to the film . This is a family classic that should be added to your Christmas movie collection . The film is so full of great characters and charm that it is easily watched year after year . Shirley is at her best in this beautifully crafted film about love , devotion and the Christmas spirit .
 I thought this was a great make movie of Joanna Spyri 's timeless classic Heidi . They got all the characters right , and they at least got the plot right this time . I hope they come out with more books made into movies like this!Heidi is a little orphan girl left under the care of her isolated Grandfather Adolf Kramer by her neglectful Aunt Didi . Heidi makes the best of staying with her Grandfather and learns to like it . Without knowing , she is bringing the life back into her Grandfather all by just being herself . When both soon learn to love each other , and Heidi gets the town to like her Grandfather again , Didi comes back and sells Heidi to a rich family in Frankfurt , Germany . There , she meets Clara , the invalid daughter of Heir Sessman . Heidi tries to teach her to walk , but she 's too afraid , for both of them know that Frauline Rottenmeir the housekeeper does n't want Clara to get better . The old woman makes Hiedi 's stay there even worse by threatening her , and even smashing both Clara 's , and Heidi 's breakable Christmas presents . Heidi must get back to the Alps of Switzerland fast or else she 'll sold to the Gispsies by evil Rottenmier.Shirley Temple was a great actress for Heidi . If they tried , they could n't get a better Heidi . She delivers all the time . The noly movie I do n't recommend with her in it is the Blue Bird . That was boring as heck . I do recommend Curly Top though , and Wee Willy Winky . Those are both classics along with Heidi . Instant 5 stars !
 Shirley Temple plays as Heidi and I love the grandfather . She acts so wonderfully I cry every time I see it . I love the ending , and I would recommend it to anyone . She transforms her grandfather from a cold-hearted man to a caring , loving grandfather figure . This is a great family viedo , and a special bonus to the fans of Shirley Temple .
 Good story . Shirley was mature and great in acting . Once could actually cry seeing this movie .
 There are many memorable scenes in this movie about the little orphan who goes to live with her grandfather in the alps ; my favorite is the one where Heidi is abducted by her meanie aunt . As they drive away in a horse sleigh , Heidi turns around and sees her beloved grandfather coming to rescue her . She cries , `` Grandfather ! Grandfather ! '' as only Shirley/Heidi can . What a little actress . She was so good in this film.Jean Hersholt as her troubled , recluse grandfather is wonderfully crusty and loveable . When he walks into the church to surprise Heidi , grab your hankie . Who would n't want to climb that mountain with Goat Peter and frolic in the wildflowers like Heidi ? This is a heartwarming movie the whole family will enjoy .
 Had to share this with my grandchildren . Good stories are hard to find today and I wanted to share this with my grandkids .
 This movie should be seen by all young children . The moral is beautiful . The copy arrived when it should have and the clarity and color surpassed my expectations . so enjoyed viewing it .
 This is exactly what my Aunt was looking for . I was able to find it at a great price and it shipped quickly to her . She is thrilled !
 received in perfect condition . We will be watching this at the daycare I work at next week . We are hoping the kids enjoy it . Shirley Temple is a great actress .
 Hello America ! If you 've never become acquainted with the story of Heidi , as played by the legendary Shirley Temple -- then you 've missed one of the greatest children 's stories ever told!Everyone should be able to see themselves in part of this story -- though it takes place in the Alps -- it 's a story of rejection , treachery , uncertainty , adversity , and finally redemption , unbreakable love , and untold happiness!The images of this child 's journey through an often complicated adult world , is seen -LRB- viewed by you -RRB- solely through the eyes of the child -LRB- versus the adult -RRB- . It will make a difference in how you interact with small children , who see you differently than you think they do -LRB- more clearly -RRB- . Add this DVD to your personal DVD library -- it 's a treasure !
 This is the definitive Heidi movie - no matter how many others are made ... . and I 've seen at least 3 others myself , but THIS VERSION is the best one . This has the most believable Aunt & Grandfather , beautiful scenery , and a magical , wonderful story with the drama , comedy , and happy ending I want in a movie . All the actors in this one are very good . A wonderful , wonderful family movie ; quite different from the ones they make now , one to `` keep from the past '' for sure .
 I purchased this movie for my mom 's best friend for Christmas . She had mentioned to me that she loves to watch it every holiday season and had been looking for a good deal in order to purchase it . I surprised her for Christmas ! She was so excited and loved the fact that she could watch it in either technicolor or black & white . Thank you to the seller for shipping it so timely despite the holiday rush !
 I loved this movie . It brought back great memories of my youth . Not because my childhood resembled the movie , but that I grew up in the Shirley Temple era , I loved all her movies .
 This film is very nostalgic for me . I grew up in the 50 's and 60 's . It was one of our family favorites then . We watched it whenever it was shown on TV . I love it as I love the book . It 's not a true adaptation but charming nevertheless . Old fashioned values , lovely little songs and a poignant Christmas scene . You will do well to share this with your little ones .
 Well , if you want to watch a Shirley Temple movie , you can expect two things to happen
 I purchased this for my grandparents and sent it to them-it was delivered earlier than expected and the product was in perfect condition . Everything worked out better than expected .
 The dvd came right on time and in secure packaging . Would buy again from this seller !
 Do you love Shirley Temple ? Buy this version of the classic story Heidi.Do you hate Shirley Temple ? Do n't even rent it ! Shirley Temple is adorable , as usual . The Grandfather scares you to death , and a happy ending sends one off with dreams of mountains and fresh goats milk .
 I just purchased the DVD tonight after looking for it for some time . It was well worth the money . While I ca n't say anything at all for the black and white version I can say that the colorized one was very good - next to excellent.I did however review the black and white promo for the film and it was very bad - sad . I wonder if the black and white film was as bad as someone had mentioned ? He should get a better DVD player or just watch it in color and stop crying like a baby ... get REAL!The color in a few situations -LRB- times -RRB- did seem to flutter somebut when you consider the age of the film and all who can truly complain ? Its sad that films with this heart and true feeling are n't made anymore . The demand is still there but Hollywood has forgotten what it means to take the time to make a lasting film that will stand the tests of time as this one has ... All actors were surperb in their unique roles . I espcially enjoyed the antics of the Grandfather and his gruff ways and the befuddled expressions on the butler Arthur Treacher ... the old woman that overlooked the care of the young girl was a true classic too.Does she need a girls night out or what ? Talk about your biddies!I ca n't help but wonder ... . was this Arthur Treacher guy anyway associated with a fast food -LRB- seafood -RRB- place of the same name?I guess maybe its just my wild imagination running loose again ...
 I realy enjoy that movieAnn Marie Pengra
 After being totally dissapointed by the Emma Bolger version of Heidi , I purchased this one . It was beautiful . Sweet , innocent , funny , even a little sad . All the characters did an excellant job . Children do n't need high paced drama to be impressed . They giggled and wiggled over parts such as Heidi milking the goat , the monkeying around , and the sleigh chase near the end . And do n't forget Andrew trying to milk `` Bearly '' either ! I am a mother with six children . We all loved this movie . I would recomend it to anyone who wants a bit of innocent entertainment .
 I loved this movie when I was a little girl , I purchased it to share with my friend 's 5-year old triplet girls , as I think they will really gain more from it then some of the things available to them these days .
 For the brief space of perhaps a half dozen years , Shirley Temple , with her songs , curls , dance steps , and tears , alone of dozens of child stars , managed to bring adult America back to their respective childhoods . Shirley had the unique talent to make us remember both the joys and terrors of childhood . In HEIDI , director Allan Dwan totally involves the audience in the most primal of all childhood fears -- the loss of a loving parent . Shirley is Heidi , an orphan who is placed in the care of Adolf , the village curmudgeon who has the well-deserved reputation of insisting on his solitude . She is dumped on his doorstep , and stares up at this huge , white bearded giant who is her grandfather . She sees what the villagers do not
 Heidi -LRB- Shirley Temples -RRB- has spent the first few years of her life with her black-hearted and bossy aunt Dete , for her parents died when she was an infant . The story begins when Dete finds a job in Frankfurt , and dumps Heide off on Adolf Cramer 's doorstep . Though he is her granfather , she has never known him , and it takes a while for the cranky old man to get used to her . But once Heide - with her charming ways - has won a place in his heart , she is there to stay . And wether she is exploring the mountains with Peter - the `` goat general '' - helping to milk the goats , gather fire wood , or learning to read , she exhibits uniform cheerfulness , for the mountains , and her grandfather 's hut , have become her home . Heidi 's love for the Lord even bring her grandfather to ask forgiveness - and to forgive those who in the past he had been at emnity with . I love the part where they are at Church and the congregation sings `` Holy , Holy , Holy Lord '' together . It sent chills down my spine the first time I heard it . Just when things are getting too good to be true , the worst happens : the miserly , manipulative Aunt Dete comes to call , and snatches Heide away . Arriving in Frankfurt , Dete leaves Heide to be the companion of the rich and sickly Klara Sesemaan , whose governess happens to be none other than Frauline Rottenmiar , who becomes convinced that Heidi is bad news as she sees Klara getting well because of her . Meanwhile , Adolf Cramer has come in search of his little grandaughter , little knowing that Klara 's father has determined to adopt her when he finds that Klara can walk again for the first time since her fall . As for Frauline Rottenmire , well ... A must see video for everyone who has read and loved the book , or for those just finding out about this big-hearted , facinating little girl .
 When I was a kid , we had something called `` Shirley Temple Theater '' on our local TV station , that played all these old movies in rotation . I very nearly memorized this one , and it was one of my favorites . But I have grown up.Yes , this is the one starring Shirley Temple . The DVD has it in the original black and white or a colorized version that is really very pretty . It does not stick all that close to the original book , but the Shirley Temple movies never did . They were designed to showcase Shirley , and this one does a good job of that . She really was a remarkable child.There is only one other actor you may recognize . Arthur Treacher , doing what he did best
 It had been many years since I had last seen this classic . It is a wonderful movie for any age . I thought I had remembered it a certain way and then when I saw it again , it was like I was watching it for the first time . What a difference watching it as a senior than when I was a child . I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 I purchased this DVD for my 5 year old granddaughter 's birthday . She was utterly captivated by Shirley Temple as HEIDI . I also purchased the book through Amazon.com . This is a wonderful adventure for a child ... or anyone , for that matter!This is a timeless story ! In other words , IT NEVER GETS OLD !
 Love Shirley Temple in this story of a little girl and her Grandfather!Jean Leonard
 20th Century Fox present `` HEIDI '' -LRB- released
 This is an endearing classic I purchased for grandchildren . I hope they enjoy it as much as I have so many times .
 I actually bought this DVD for my daughter . See thourghly enjoys this movie . She gets so involved with it that she is unmovable once it starts .
 I never watched Shirley Temple growing up . My sister did , but she was not my cup of tea -LRB- as is to be expected with any young boy really -RRB- . Now that I am older and I have a young daughter of my own I have found that I watch , and enjoy , quite a few films that I would have generally avoided . ` Heidi ' is one of my favorites.The film tells the familiar story -LRB- it 's been told an upwards of ten times already -RRB- of young Heidi Kramer , an orphan who is left at her grandfathers doorstep by her selfish aunt . Her grandfather is a bit of a grouch , but Heidi 's warm demeanor soon melts his heart and he becomes as sweet and gentle as a teddy bear . Just as the two are forming an unbreakable family bond , Heidi 's wicked aunt comes back to whisk Heidi away in an attempt to sell her to a wealthy man in search of a companion for his crippled daughter Klara . Despite the adamant dissatisfaction on the part of Klara 's caretaker Fraulein Rottenmeier , Heidi is permitted to stay . Heidi longs to go home to her grandfather but is not allowed to leave , especially after her cheerful attitude causes positive changes in Klara . Adolph , Heidi 's grandfather , begins a desperate search for her , but will they ever be reunited?Well , we know the answer , but getting there is half the fun.Shirley Temple is a sweetheart , a truly charming and sensational little actress and she paints each scene red with her gigantic personality . There has not been a child star since that has been able to really excite all the sense like this little spitfire could . Yes , those Olsen girls tried , but honesty ; no.Temple 's mother , like all crazy child actor parents , was afraid that young Marcia Mae Jones would steal the limelight from her daughter , but what happened instead was an equalizing of talent here . Both Temple and Jones shine brightly and work so well together . Sure , Temple is the star and that is undeniable , but she is able to allow Jones to get in her dues as well , which is commendable . Jean Hersholt is effective as Adolph , even if he is not used too much . Arthur Treacher is delightful as the butler Andrews and Sidney Blackmer is sincere and just plain wonderful as Herr Sesemann , Klara 's elated father . Both Mary Nash and Mady Christians are brilliantly dastardly as the evil Rottenmeier and Aunt Dete . In fact , the entire cast really works beautifully here.In the end I have to say that ` Heidi ' is not just for little girls . This is a wonderful film for families , for it is a charming movie that the whole family can enjoy ; mother , father , daughter and son . It 's sweet , it 's boisterous and it 's a pure delight .
 I stayed with this movie mainly because I wanted to see Sidney Blackmer who I knew from the film Rosemary 's Baby . Also I was interested in Arthur Treacher who I vaguely recall as the late Merv Griffin 's Ed McMann-type sidekick on his tv talk show . And I knew the name Jean Hersholt -LRB- is n't a theater named after him in New York ? -RRB- so I wanted to watch him.As the film begins though I was very much drawn into the story itself featuring of course the delightful miss Temple . It seems Shirley -LRB- Heidi -RRB- is being foisted off upon her grandfather by her could-care-less aunt and while the grandfather -LRB- Hersholt -RRB- feels initially violated with this unexpected arrival , Heidi 's sunshiney disposition wins him over after not too long . During these opening scenes , as Heidi and her grandfather get to know each other , we also get to see the blossoming of Hersholt 's grandfather from a very quiet and downright annoyed old man into a thoughtful and loving caretaker of his new charge . Pretty soon , grandfather is humming along to the little song Heidi sings and taking her into the village to attend church , something he has n't done in a very long time.Ay , but then the other shoe drops . Wicked old auntie returns one day and while grandfather is out chopping wood forces Heidi to come with her to Frankfurt to stay with an equally mean lady in charge of an invalid girl about Heidi 's age . I finally got to see Sidney as a much younger man -LRB- Heidi being filmed in 1937 , Rosemary 's Baby , 1968 -RRB- as he plays the father of the invalid girl Heidi befriends . It 's fun to spot the similarities in the face of someone who is 31 years younger . And Arthur Treacher playing a wonderfully fun-loving butler is a real treat . Suffice to say Heidi 's grandfather rescues her from the clutches of the terribly mean nurse and Heidi helps her new friend to walk again . But the bottom line with this movie even though it goes without saying is the sparkling presence of miss Shirley Temple . Truely a one of a kind personality in all of moviedom . There is one scene in particular that I would love to see in color -LRB- this version I saw was in black & white -RRB- and that is where Heidi is being read a bedtime story by her grandfather and dreams she is the little dutch girl from the story . The dream is a nice musical/dance number with Heidi and friends in wooden shoes .
 WE ALL LOVE SHIRLEY TEMPLE ! Espicially Heidi . I treasure this movie so much . Now for the actors , Shirley Temple was great for Heidi . Totally great . What a cute girl . Jean Hersholt was wonderful when he turned out to be a christiane . He is a great actor . Arthur Treacher is hilarious for Andrews . He is absoulutely wonderful . Helen Westley was very pretty for Blind Anna . I also like her soft voice . Pastor Schultz and Fraulein Elsa played by Thomas Beck and Paulieen Moore were a perfect match . Mary Nash acted Fraulein Rottenmier . She 's scary . I thought she was going to kill Heidi that night she took her out in the streets alone . Then I thought she was going to go back and kill Klara too ! Sidney Blackman was funny for Herr Sessamann . I liked him . He was great to Heidi and Klara , his daughter . Now for Mady Christaine who played Aunt Dete . She was mean . She seemed to have won the battle with Fraulein Rottenmier . Marcia Mae Jones was so cute for Klara . Porr sweet Klara is in danger ! Fraulein Rottenmier did n't want her to get well . Delmar Watson was a great Peter . He was a wonderful goat general . I love this movie alot !
 There are many filmed versions based on the Johanna Spyri book Heidi but so far this Shirley Temple one is the only one I have seen and I really liked it and I think Shirley was really good as Heidi and I recommend this movie ! FIY
 This movie is great ! It is not only a beautiful story of a love between children and their grandparents , but one of acceptanceand dermination ! I could relate so much to Clara who was in a wheelchair because of back problems . Shirley gave her such unconditional love and courage ! I know if everybody had a little girl with such compassion they could reach their goals too ! A beautiful movie !
 this is a great flick ... if you can handle black and white.i think ANY shirley temple -LRB- or any AMC movie , for that matter -RRB- movie is great ! : -RRB-
 shirley temple another classic that comes to my memory of my childhood i love watching it from time to time
 Finally , after about three years of suffering through a horrible-looking unrestored black & white/colorized version of Shirley Temple 's 1937 version of `` Heidi '' , Fox and co-partner Legend Films , an excellent company specializing in digital film restoration and digital film colorization , has now brought us for the very first time a brand-new , sparkling , and outstanding new restored b & w transfer of this great film which contains a brand-new color version , and it 's the real deal ! Avoid seeing , renting , or owning the original DVD release -LRB- mint green cover -RRB- of this film that Fox has put out from 2002 which used a horrendously bad computer colorized version from 1986 that was also the same transfer later used for the 1994 video release that used a very grainy , dark , and murky print with extensive color shift from color-to-black & white-back to color and a great deal of reddish pink , gray , brown and blue tones.This new version made nearly 19 years later uses a brand new , digitally restored black & white version from a very good 35mm print that barely shows any wear , tear , splices , damages , or smear as well as including a very beautiful-looking new digitally made color version which looks very stunning , realistic , and almost storybook-like , especially the beautiful-looking shots of the Swiss Alps in the opening ! It really does look like it was filmed in Technicolor and is a much better comparision piece over the original color version.The only bonus features that are included , as it did with the original DVD release is an unrestored b & w theatrical trailer with a great deal of grain , dirt , and low contrast.Interestingly , the menu design used here in the new version is the exact same one as the original DVD version.All in all , I highly recommend this , one of Temple 's last great Fox films , for any DVD collection and for any Shirley Temple fan and get rid of old colorized VHS and DVD release.This is the real deal here and you will not be dissappointed by the excellent restoration and coloring of this great family film !!
 When I first decided to buy Heidi , I read some of the reviews . They were not very good . I purchased it anyway & I was glad I did ! This movie is great . Shirley Temple is a wonderful & talented young lady . This movie does her justice in every way . The black & white movie is remastered & it looks really good . The color version is just as good . The way they made the mountains so vibrant & clear is really nice . It makes one feel like they are there . The whole movie is perfect . I have the VHS tape from when it first came out & the color is n't very good . My family will cherish it for a long time to come .
 Heidi is an excellent film , of course starring Shirley Temple as the witty Heidi , about a young orphaned girl who is sent away by her mean aunt to live with her strict and stern , but loveable , grandfather in the Alps . The film consists of many hilarious moments , like when Heidi is learning to milk a goat and when she tries to yodel in the village . My favorite scene is when Heidi asks her Grandfather to tell her a story . He reads her a story about a little Dutch girl with a pair of wooden shoes . The story comes alive and Shirley plays the little Dutch girl . The movie is excellent for young children and for people who loved the novel , to me , the picture is much better . The scenery is spectacular for being a 1937 film and the costume designs bring you into the time of Heidi . No Shirley Temple collection is complete without Heidi !
 Temple is wonderful in one of her best-remembered roles as the waif who goes to live with her broken-hearted grandfather -LRB- Jean Hersholt -RRB- Both bitchy Mady Christians and Mary Nash -LRB- as the mean governess -RRB- give memorable performances as does the fragile Marcia Mae Jones as the crippled girl Heidi befriends and helps to walk again . This was just what the public wanted in 1937 ; 63 years later , children continue to be enchanted by this film which is based on the book by Johanna Spyri . Available colorized .
 I have numberous complaints from various fans and friends about the quality of the DVD and I am in an uproar with FOX who really owe Shirley 's fans better since , Shirley Temple is still a money maker and her movies are enjoyed worldwide -- I see it 's no longer avaible so I 'm only hoping that they plan to re-release it not poor quality this time . But , if you still want to see Shirley in Heidi which you should I recommend the VHS version I own it and find no problem with the quality of the tape and the picture is perfect.Shirley sparkles in this movie taken as her age and value depreciated . The story will always remain a classic and in this version of Heidi it does not stick entirely to the story but , enough still to make it interesting . Jean Hearsholt does a wonderful job as the Grandfather who becomes charmed and beloved by Heidi . Shirley also does wonderful as the spunky cheerful natured girl who melts Hearsholt 's heart . Stunning scenry and decent dialogue make this movie worth owning ! My cousins love it and we watch it over and over again we get a little frightened when Shirley is almost sold to the gypsies ... but , we love the scene in which Heidi begs the police not to take her away from her grandfather you see all that talent and acting shine through ! And I hate to admit it but , I almost cry each time!This is the movie I watch again and again ... one of Shirley 's better movies despite the fact it only has one song really `` In Our Little Wooden Shoes . '' This has all the charm and wonderful beauty of a Shirley film , it also manages to be a good holiday film as well . A classic for all fans of the book and a keeper for all old movie and Shirley fans !
 HEIDI has such beautiful color , it truly looks like it was truly filmed in color !!!! The colors are so vibrant , they jump right off the screen ! Shirley has never looked this beautiful on film before , its as if this color has made her features come much more to life !! The mountain scenes are beautiful , where when we see The grandfather or Shirley outside of the cabin , the trees and the sky are so beautiful . The tress are beautiful green , and the sky is beautiful deep blue !! The clothes that Shirley wears are beautiful with the color and , wait till you see the christmas tree and all its colors!One of the main reasons as to why HEIDI looks so good is because it was remastered and its truly flawless , its so clear and sharp !! Again , Shirley has never looked so good , and her adorable beauty truly shines strong!The skin tone is done to perfection and , truly this great Shirley movie has never looked as good as this before !!
 Shirley Temple movies have never lost their charm . My niece loves them and this is her favorite one . We have a habit of commenting on the characters , discussing the plot , and comparing notes on the Shirley Temple movies . I have to laugh each time I take a movie over to her house . She says
 The classic European tale , done up vehicle for Shirley is an excellent choice for Temple , allowing for a couple of musical routines done as dream sequences . Heidi is an orphan who warms the heart of her bitter grandfather -LRB- Jean Hersholt -RRB- who has not spoken since his son ran away with a girl . Marcia Mae Jones is touching as the invalid whom Heidi befriends , and Mary Nash is the nasty governess . Mady Christians plays Aunt DeDe , the cruel aunt . Children will love this movie and it 's available colorized .
 This , in my opinion , is some of the best work Shirley Temple has ever done , although it 's hard to decide seeing as she has made many wonderful movies . =-RRB- `` Heidi '' tells the story of a young girl who is sent off by her aunt to her grandfather 's house to live . He is a grumpy old man , but Heidi makes the best of the situation and gradually wiggles her way into the man 's affections . Just when Heidi and her grandfather are truly settled and happy together , Heidi 's aunt returns -LRB- on her birthday , unfortunately -RRB- and whisks her away to a bustling town , where she must live with Fraulein Rottenmeier and Klara . Fraulein is a coldhearted woman , but Klara is sweet and affectionate as she could be . An accident has left her in a wheelchair , and she is obviously in need of a friend to talk to her and lift her spirits . Heidi ends up being exactly what Klara needs , but forcing Heidi to live there means going against Heidi 's will . She does not want to be there , and Fraulein certainly does n't want her , either . Apparently , Fraulein is Klara 's money-hungry caretaker , and the fact that Heidi is contributing to Klara 's emotional , spiritual , and eventually physical healing threatens to put Fraulein out of her job . Unfortunate circumstances force Heidi to stay right where she is . Throughout Heidi 's quest to get back to her beloved grandfather , thorough displays of love and friendship come into play . This is an excellent movie for the entire family to watch together . Hey , it 's a Shirley Temple movie -- how can you go wrong ? =-RRB- Buy this movie now and have the opportunity to see one of Heidi 's most touching movies ever . = -RRB-
 I love this movie ! I like that it has the option for either black & white or color viewing . I 've only watched it in black & white . I highly recommend this version !
 I think all young people should see this movie as it is a classic . Shirley Temple played Heidi as no other actress has been able to .
 Shirley Temple is great in this movie and it is a wonderful family movie about how love can warm a heart . This movie is in black and white which is good but would have been better in color .
 What a beautiful little story ! My girls LOVED it , and I really appreciated the G rating . Definitely a must-see for the whole family !
 Best movie ever always loved it i recommend it to others a true classic upgrade to dvd for best view
 i chose the 5star rating because the dvd looked awesome . . couldnt even tell the movie was that old ... i like the reformatting from the original theater showing ... loved it because its a christmas classic for me for i used to watch this movie when i was younger . . now its hard to find it on tv and some retail stores ... would recommend this movie to anyone ... glad u guys have all her classics . i will order more in the future ... also it was my first time ordering from amazon and i got the dvd in a week . . what a surprise ?
 Heidi , starring Shirley Temple is a classic Christmas story . there have been remakes but none compare to this version . I 've loved it since I was a child & then introduced it to my children . Now my grandchildren loveit as well .
 THIS MOVIE IS GREAT ! I LOVE IT ! CA N'T WAIT TO GET MY COLLECTION GOING ... GREAT MOVIE GREAT CONDITION GREAT PRICE
 Shirley Temple 's movie career was near its peak when she played the role of Heidi . Heidi has been interpreted in many different ways over the years . Some interpretations are excellent . Other interpretations are poor . This interpretation is relatively weak when compared with the original book , but Shirley Temple is cute and fans of Shirley Temple will forgive the deviations from the book.Heidi 's aunt takes Heidi to her grandfather after her aunt raised her for six years . Heidi 's grandfather is a bitter old man who is angry at the world for the loss of his son . However , charming Heidi soon turns him into a loving grandfather who rejoins the world . All seems well until Heidi 's aunt returns and convinces Heidi to join her on a trip.The trip turns out to be a kidnapping . Heidi 's aunt takes Heidi to be a companion to Klara Seseman , who is in a wheel chair after suffering an accident . Klara quickly becomes fond of Heidi , to the chagrin of Fraulein Rottenmeier , who is unhappy with Heidi because she thinks Heidi might make it so that Klara no longer needs Rottenmeier . Heidi and Klara get along well , though Heidi remains focused on returning home to her grandfather and the mountains.After Fraulein Rottenmeier shows her true colors to Klara 's father , he discharges her . Fraulein Rottenmeier plans to kidnap Heidi and sell her to the gypsies . Fortunately , Heidi 's grandfather has arrived in town and is looking for Heidi . Will Heidi 's grandfather find her in time ? Will Heidi return to the mountains ? What will happen to Klara without Heidi ? You will have to watch the movie and see.Shirley was about nine years old when this movie was made , but she appeared to be younger . Shirley is the main attraction of the movie , and because she is so cute I found it easy to forgive the significant deviations from the book . Most movies based on books take liberties with the story , but this movie takes more liberties than is typical and those distractions can be annoying . The best example I can think of is the chase scene near the end of the movie.This movie is about average when compared to other Shirley Temple movies . Fans of Shirley Temple will enjoy this film . Fans of the book `` Heidi '' may dislike this movie because it deviates from the story so much . This version is colorized and the DVD quality could be improved , which could also make some viewers unhappy . Even though this movie has its flaws , I found it interesting to watch and I will watch it again.Enjoy !
 Well , almost everyone -- that Frau Rottenmeier does n't seem too thrilled with the curative effect Heidi is having on crippled Clara , whom Frau Rottenmeier would like to depend solely on her . And why , you may ask ? Well , that might make Clara 's rich widowed father think the housekeeper should be upgraded to second wife , of course . Now you may wonder , what 's Heidi the Alpine Miss doing here in Frankfort anyway ? Our film opens with Heidi 's being deposited on her paternal grandfather by her shrewish Aunt Dete , who 's tired of taking care of her sister 's orphan . In time , Heidi works her charm on the curmudgeonly grandfather and they grow to love each other . Then Aunt Dete resurfaces and uses a ruse to transport Heidi to Frankfort as a companion to a sickly crippled girl . But true soulmates can never be separated , and as Heidi longs to return to her alpine home , so her grandfather sets off to find his granddaughter , even if it 's on foot . Lots of excitement before our happy ending is concluded . Like all Shirley Temple vehicles , `` Heidi '' provides an excellent role model for young children , a resourceful cheerful girl who makes friends quickly and acts the peacemaker . Shirley turns in a good performance and even reunites with her previous co-star , butler Arthur Treacher . Marcia Mae Jones gets to play Clara , a nice girl here , instead of the jealous girl she was in `` The Little Princess '' ; Mary Nash , another veteran of `` The Little Princess '' , is just as mean in both movies . Share `` Heidi '' with some young children you know for an entertaining and edifying time .
 Heidi is an orphan who gets sent to live with her grandfather-an old mean man.Grandfather gets to know Heidi and becomes nicer . When Heidi is stolen by her aunt , Grandfather wants her back .
 This movie use to be shown at Christmas every year thats were i remember it from ... its a pity they do n't show it any more , I think the kids would really enjoy it .
 There will never be any one that can be a better Heidi than Shirley Temple . After seeing her in this film would not even look at anyone else .
 I used to watch as a kid when it came on TV . I bought the video for my daughter who loved it as much as me . In updating my collection I knew I had to add a dvd of Heidi . It 's almost like two stories in one . The first part being Heidi and the Grandfather and their life together in the cabin . The second part being when Aunt Didi kidnaps Heidi to work for Frauline Rottenmeier . I love the mix of the rural country life and the upscale home in Frankfurt . Arthur Treacher is a treat ; I love the rapport between him and Shirley Temple .
 I used to watch this movie with my late father and the memories came flooding back . It reminded me of a less stressful time when you could sit on a Sunday and watch a movie without feeling like you should be doing something else ! Loved it then , loved it now .
 Very happy to get this DVD . I am always collecting the ones that is hard to find in my area and this is another one of them . This classic is just as how I remembered watching in my childhood . Another good buy to add in to my collection . Picture is good everything is good .
 This is a very heartwarming story to share with your children/grandchildren . It appeals to all generations and has lessons on kindness , true love , and courage to teach the next generation . A `` classic '' story made into an entertaining movie .
 My granddaughter loved this video and it held the interest of her parents and grandparents as well !
 I like this movie series more than the series it spoofs.At times I found my believing it was real , until something really silly happens & the fact that they use the same actors in some of the movies more hilarious
 In my opinion Jason Gerbay is a Genius ! So far I have all the available Abnormal films he produced . I enjoyed all of them and will buy future ones . This movie is very interesting . You need to watch the first Abnormal then the Abnormal 3 to really appreciate them . It 's fun , witty and if you have an imagination you will love this stuff . Ca n't get enough !
 Based upon a true story , an impoverished young girl , Violette Noziere -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- , lives in a suffocating little flat in Paris with her parents . She habitually sneaks out of her home to engage in sexually promiscuous behavior . She has loving parents . Her father and mother are sweet , affectionate , simple people . Her father , Baptiste , played by Jean Carmet is a retired railroad engineer . His greatest joy is simply playing cards with his wife , Germaine -LRB- played by Stephane Audran -RRB- , with Violette in attendance.Unknown to her parents , at the ripe age of 18 , Violette keeps a room in another part of Paris for liaisons with young men as a prostitute . Violette gets syphilis from an unknown client . She discovers from a medical student that the disease can be inherited and is able to convince her parents that it has happened in her case . Her parents never consult the doctor who made the diagnosis . This would be incredible except that this movie is based upon a true story and they obviously prefer their daughter 's version of the truth more than finding out for themselves.Violette eventually falls desperately in love with a young man she meets in a bar named Jean Dabin -LRB- Jean-Francois Garreaud -RRB- . Her `` love '' for this handsome yet unambitious young man finally unleashes the psychopathy which she has manifested with smaller bad acts earlier in the movie . It leads her to use her earnings as a prostitute to buy him suits , watches , and has her aspire to marry him . She even steals her father 's ring to give it to him as a present . Dabin takes all of the bounty Violette provides him but remains totally emotionally uninvolved , leaving for the countryside.While Dabin is gone Violette resolves that the only way to have him is to kill her parents and steal their savings . Violette uses packets of medicine supposedly prescribed by the doctor to treat the family 's non-existent disease . In fact she is poisoning the parents . She engages in a grisly sociopathic feast after her attempted killing of her parents . Throughout the movie director Claude Chabrol uses flashbacks to create a purposeful confusion as to what is true and what is false in Violette 's later version of events when she is arrested and tried for the murder of her father and the attempted murder of her mother . The murder set off a true hysteria in France as the country tried to cope with a case of unfeeling and unprecedented parricide in 1933 . Huppert was only twenty-five when she made this movie . Director Claude Chabrol dressed her in black dress , hat and coat in the best tradition of the femme fatale . But it did not take a lot of creative genius to do it . Her dress duplicates the dress of the real Violette you will find in the news of that day . This was the first of a number of films upon which Chabrol and Huppert collaborated . You can see the brilliance of one of France 's greatest actresses in the making in this early film . It is chilling because it is real . A true Edgar Allen Poe horror story you will enjoy .
 First let me tell you . I own the Koch-Lorber DVD version of this film . It is a terrible transfer . The picture quality is shockingly bad and the film is in 1.33:1 -LRB- but should probably be in 1.66:1 , or even more than that -RRB- . This is , unfortunately , the only DVD of the film with English subtitles , that I know off.The film is based on the true story about Violette Nozi&egrave;re , and takes place in 1934 . Violette , a teenager , plays the innocent young girl at home but spends her days and nights with men who desire her . Her life becomes complicated when she is diagnosed with syphilis and has to acquire a lot of money to keep her latest lover happy.Violette is the first of many films Chabrol made with Isabelle Huppert in the lead -LRB- others include Story of Women , Madame Bovary , La c&eacute;r&eacute;monie and The Swindle -RRB- . Isabelle Huppert is amazing in her role and it is mesmerising to watch her go from being so sexy and cold woman to an innocent and warm child . This is a dark and difficult drama , which tries to stay away from taking sides , but rather shows the mystery.SPOILERS ! Violette kills her father and defends herself by alleging that he had molested her . Chabrol 's never tells us whether Violette is lying or not . Also was she always so cold or is she like this because she was molested by her father -LRB- if that happened at all -RRB- or is this personality changes do to syphilis ? We are never told.I gave the film 8/10
 Violette Noizzere is a striking and devastating portrait based on real facts about a girl with a weird behavior due unsaid tragic events in her early adolescence . That sexual abuse will cause a fatal and ruthless vengeance with unpredictable consequences.The amazing performance of Isabelle Huppert -LRB- one of my five beloved French actress ever -RRB- deserved her the Golden Bear Prize in Berlin 1976 .
 Ten years of `` The French Chef '' is so wonderful to have at my fingertips . A 30-minute lesson any time i want to `` tune in '' . I remember Julia from my childhood , but now that I 've been cooking for years , the shows have value and I learn quite a bit . She often explains/demonstrates techniques and technicalities rather than simply rushing through them to the end product.I 'm half-way through the first season and just stopped the playback to make a risotto-which i ate whilst watching the remainder of the show . You 'll find the risotto technique in the `` Chicken Breast '' show of 1963 . I find these shows to be a great source for rounding out/up ones culinary skills and knowledge base.She 's not quite the character of Justin Wilson , but then no one ever was . The tasty tarts on modern TV , pleasant to watch as they are , never leave me with the sense of new knowledge that Ms. Child always manages to impart.Docked one star for the audio level fluctuations which require adjustments two or three times every show . It starts out nice , dips down to barely audible and then eventually jumps back up to `` normal '' . Headphone use may be required if on a laptop or other mobile device .
 Informative AND charming ... I just learned three new cooking techniques ! Loved Julia Child 's shows when I was little -LRB- in the 70 's -RRB- , but I had not seen the original show -LRB- starting with the beginning episodes . -RRB- What a treat ! This is a must watch for me , and , I suspect , anyone who aspires to become a more accomplished chef .
 I have often dreamed of the French Omlets I had across from Paris Nord . Now I can make them at home . Wonderful video with all the details necessary .
 I remember watching Julia Child as a child and not paying too much attention to her . I just finished streaming the Boeuf Bourguignon episode and was enchanted . She blazed the trail for Emeril , Mario and the entire Food Network . Thank you amazon for making these historical episodes available . Bon Appetit !
 Mrs Child cooks Lobster a &agrave; l'Am &eacute;ricaine , a beautiful , classical French dish of unknown origin , as mentioned in the video
 Thanks Amazon !! I am enjoying the French Chef , she is entertaining and unassuming . Tonight I am making this recipe , Boeuf Bourguignon . French cooking is a lot easier than I had ever imagined .
 I was thrilled when I discovered I could view original Julia Child videos with my Prime Membership ! She is a delight to watch and even though I have been cooking for over twenty years , I am learning so many new things !
 As a youngster , I was quite unaware of the value Julia gave to those who cook . I have n't cooked for many , many years but was inspired after watching this to actually make the dish AND invite guests . How exciting to having something new to look forward to in my life . Instructions are simple and easy to follow.I watched it first , then went shopping and watched again as I was cooking . Excellent .
 I remember watching these shows on PBS , on Saturdays , back in the ' 80 's . They exposed this southern girl to a world of cookery that I otherwise would never have seen.Watching the show now , the oldest of which are in black and white , I am amazed at them . They essentially invented the format ! Cooking ahead , showing just enough preparation technique of a certain part of the recipe so the viewer can see how it all comes together . The finished pot , magically produced at the end.Imagine having never seen a cooking show . When Julia Child started this series , there was no format to draw off of , no full channel of programming to compete against . She is so charming , sometimes fumbling with pots and pans , spilling bits of the food as she transitions from one part to the next - she 's so darn human . And real . And a helluva fine cook.Not only will this series teach you something you maybe did n't know about cooking , but you get to step back in time - when you had an electric stove because it was the new technological advancement ; when nonstick cookware was just barely out ; when ingredients were simple and fancy techniques were new . It really is like getting to sit in a master class with one of the finest home cooks that 's ever lived .
 I watched this with my two sons , ages 12 and 10 . They thought it was great and so did I . The mousse looked really reasonable to make and there was some really cool technique in how she made it . When the video finished , my youngest son said `` Where was the caramel ? There was no caramel ! `` This show was filmed on in January 1963 ... I was 3 months old . It was fun to watch this bit of history and get inspired to make a dish I 've never tried !
 I 'd give Julia 6 stars if I could.Sadly , I found these episodes late in the licensing period . I was boiling with excitement when I saw they were available on Prime for no cost . I 'd planned weeks/months of devouring old shows -LRB- current when I was 3 or 4 years old -RRB- -- only to discover yesterday that now they are $ 1.99 per episode . I asked Amazon why they went from none-to-some and they apologetically told me their license for the shows had run out and now we have to pay . Though I 'd give the show 6 stars -LRB- I rather like the horrible video quality and bad titles and music - it 's nostalgic -RRB- I 'm not going to pay $ 1.99 per episode to watch them . They run a few at a time over on PBS so I 'll check in there now and then . There 's a rumbling in my stomach now .
 I am very excited that the whole series is now available on Amazon Prime . I still think that this is the best cooking show that was ever on tv . I hope to watch through them all .
 I seen the movie and then got into the series . Have learned so much from this show . I love it !
 It 's fun to watch to see how tv cooking shows started out . Julia demonstrates some very involved cooking techniques without all of the modern kitchen accessories we have today .
 When I was growing up everything my mom and my grandma was cooking were prepared food from the scratch . These days its so much easier to get half done product from the store ... Well one day I decided to go back to basics and start cooking the way it was meant to be . I searched through many videos of cooks and I finnaly discovered amazing cooking of Julia Child . Since I learn her way of cooking I start receaving so many compliments from my husband and my kids . I watch her videos in the kitchen on my laptop and I let my 5 year old daughter to help me with cooking while we recive gold tips from Julia Child . But there 's not only cooking she teaches . She teach basic knowledge about meat and products , what to choose what to avoid and how to save the money . It 's true Julia Child uses alot of butter , but the taste she creates ca n't be substitute !
 I love to review her techniques regularly . She was the best !! I love having them availabe anytime I want to enjoy a few minutes of great cooking !
 I downloaded the entire first season of The French Chef to my kindle . It was delightfully easy and the videos are great quality and so fun to watch ! I real bargain for such entertainment and cooking knowledge .
 Had to chuckle when she tied each meat to the pot handle :-RRB- I 'm actually going to try a scaled down version of this recipe . Very practical .
 I swear anytime that you are in a down in the dumps kind of mood you should go online to amazon.com or even youtube and look up old episodes of The French Chef with Julia Child !!! That woman could make Hitler himself smile and say , `` Bon Appetit ! ''
 I ca n't believe how much I learned from the FIRST episode of The French Chef ! Julia Child makes French cooking amazingly approachable and gratifying . I felt like my best friend was walking me through her favorite recipe . Best of all , Julia thoroughly explains -LRB- and demonstrates -RRB- techniques that will improve even the simplest of meals . Bon appetit ? Bon appetit indeed !
 Julia Child is a delight to watch
 I 'm still learning to cook and Julia has demystified roasting for me . The tips I took away are1 -RRB- brown and sautee the ingredients before putting in the roasting pan2 -RRB- slow cook at 325 in oven3 -RRB- how to truss and carve a whole chicken4 -RRB- put an onion + a tsp of tarragon or italian seasoning + tsp salt inside chickenGoing to try this using Goya Adobo seasoning + McCormick Cuban seasoning blendIdeas to simplify process even more1 -RRB- use just one sautee pan for everything , maybe even sautee right in the roasting pan2 -RRB- use small potatoes , do n't peel or cut3 -RRB- skip trussing with needle use skewers or just tie it up4 -RRB- try skipping the blanched baconOther Modification ideas1 -RRB- add bag of carrots prepeeled petite carrots 15 mins or so before end of cooking2 -RRB- add cloves of garlic3 -RRB- add onions and maybe celery sticks as well .4 -RRB- try using pressure cooker or slow cooker / crockpot
 Watching the incomparable Julia prepare onion soup in this rebroadcast of her second show , I am humbled by her gift as a teacher . She delivers her lesson in 30 minutes without pause , background music , or cue cards . She intends for her lesson to be viewed by an average audience with a standard `` out of the box '' kitchen , an audience who desire to be a little more creative with their supermarket fare . This is not cooking as entertainment but for sustenance ; not a fancy appliance or utensil in sight . Good food is prepared from the heart with ingredients at hand.It is Christmas time . I stumbled on this show while shopping on Amazon for another new kitchen gadget . The kitchen shopping is suspended indefinitely for I want what I already have , and the soup will not care if I use my grandmother 's ancient iron blade or the latest Henkel 's . Thank you , Julia , for reminding me .
 You have to love her unassuming style , she was the one that started it all . I love that she does n't assume you know anything , and really explains what she is doing . Well worth the watch if you are a lover of cooking .
 Her casual style of teaching makes everything she does seem so accessible/do-able by everyone . It is a great joy to see someone who truly enjoys cooking and showing others her skill . I do n't even cook -LRB- I eat ramen noodles and take-out -RRB- , but this makes me want to cook .
 What a wonderful show . I streamed this in my kitchen and prepared the Beef Bourguignon with Julia . Turned out great . What a fun thing to do . I 've now watched a few more episodes . I 've been cooking for roughly 30 years and I learn something new with every episode I watch . Julia puts so much detail into everything she does . I was born in the 60 's and too young to catch these when they originally aired . Thanks Amazon for offering these to us .
 In this episode , Julia cooks hamburgers and steaks . Her hamburger recipe has , of course , a French twist
 Cooking shows these days are perfectly choreographed , tightly controlled and scripted , and very heavily edited . Get rid of all of that and the audience and the 15 camera angles and the extra sets and the music and the sound effects , and you have cooking . And you have The French Chef.Watching these early episodes is like watching a tightrope walker without a net . Julia stands in her kitchen , bids you welcome , and begins cooking and talking , as though you had just dropped in to visit at the moment when she was about to whip up lunch . She explains everything she does , sometimes in great detail as she waits for food to brown or the pan to heat , sometimes briefly if the cooking is moving a little faster than she expected . If something goes wrong it is n't edited out later . Spilled the cognac ? She picks up the bottle and marches on , and later is delighted to discover that enough cognac remains to finish the dish . Poured vermouth into the pot instead of oil ? No problem , just add oil to the vermouth.When unexpected things happen , she does what all of us do when we cook -- she deals with it . When the doorbell rings in the middle of cooking , she waves her hand at the door in annoyance and announces that she 's not answering that NOW . When she realizes that she 's swept crumbs into a plate that she needs , she continues talking , smoothly dumps the crumbs out , and plates the food with a smile.Half an hour later you are at her table which is groaning with boeuf bourguignon or bouillabaise or half a dozen different omelettes . You know what side dishes and salads will work well with this dish and which wine to serve . And you know every step to take to get there yourself .
 Julia really is quite adept at instructing via these videos . However , the joy of it is her charm and unassuming nature . It is a delight to be in her kitchen , and the time warp element is very amusing . The show is a significant historical document on top of it all . I just ca n't get enough of watching this program .
 A masterpiece in simplicity . I watch this show as a child , but had forgotten how great and entertaining Ms. Child was . I really enjoyed the hints and commentary and ca n't wait to see the next episode .
 Charming . Love how Julia sloshes the food around so confidently and casually . It is all about the essence of the food for her , not the presentation . I was a child when these were on tv , so this is the first time I have seen them . I consider myself a fairly good cook , but this 101 taught me oodles . Ca n't wait to watch more . Just lovely .
 I was very happy to discover that my Prime membership allowed me to view The French Chef with Julia Child episodes in their original broadcast format . Julia Child is an amazing cook and each episode is presented in her inimitable style , with her eccentricities and friendly , down-to-earth manner.I was watching the earlier episodes -LRB- in black and white -RRB- , and marveled at the image and sound quality -LRB- not grainy or muffled as I would have expected , given the age of the show -RRB- . Each cooking segment runs about 28 minutes on average , and Julia provides a running commentary throughout , which is not only informative -LRB- I found myself taking down notes as she spoke -RRB- , but also a wealth of interesting information , and an education in itself . For example , in the episode `` Steaks and Hamburgers '' , Julia educates viewers on the different cuts of beef , complete with diagram and even talks about the cost of the various cuts at that time -LRB- a dollar plus for a prime cut , good times indeed ! -RRB- . Part of what is so beguiling about The French Chef is the use of language . Julia talks about `` a prime carcass '' referring to the beef cuts , and as she instructs viewers on making chocolate mousse , she refers to `` all the pieces of chocolate and butter intimately blended '' ! I could not help but chuckle as I listened to her commentary - this lady has style , wit , and much knowledge ! I look forward to learning as much as I can about the fine art of French cooking from these shows !
 the story could be possible and is mildly entertaining and again I find it likely and realistic and has a happy ending .
 pretty good story line and having the characters thoughts known to us helps make the plot believable . The guys are hot too and it is cool how they finally hook up .
 This was a fun film to watch . Not great acting , but good story and good characters . Worth watching at least once .
 I first saw this movie in the theatres in April and I could n't stop laughing . This is independent film making at its best . Not only was it written by Douglas Coupland -LRB- yes , of Generation X -RRB- but it stars the always hilarious Paulo Costanzo , from Joey and Roadtrip doing what he does best , a slacker who tries to get ahead in life by scamming lottery winners - what a brilliant idea ! His acting almost reminds me of Jon Heder in Napolean Dynamite.This movie is ingeniously written . Not only does it have substance with its storyline , but it throws in these comedic elements that make you think how did Coupland come up with that ? All I can say is watch out for Paulo 's parents in this movie - they are the best part!As a friend on MYSPACE of Everything 's Gone Green , I saw that the movie is finally coming to DVD . To make things even better , they have an UNRATED edition . From looking at the DVD cover , I ca n't help but notice the reference to pot and the special bonus features that come with the DVD . It seems to capture the essence of the movie perfectly .
 Shot in beautiful British Columbia , the low-budget Canadian import , `` Everything 's Gone Green , '' is not , as the title might suggest , yet another Al Gore environmental documentary , but rather a witty , incisive meditation on how we choose to define `` success '' in the modern world.Ryan is a 29-year-old Vancouver resident whose life is going nowhere fast . In one day alone , he gets dumped by his girlfriend , is fired from his job and discovers that his family HAS N'T won the million dollar jackpot that his father mistakenly believed they had . The one ray of sunshine to come out of all of this is that Ryan is offered a job working for the lottery commission , a position he only halfheartedly accepts , but one which eventually leads him to think long and hard about what it is he truly wants out of life.When we first meet him , Ryan is a man deeply bored and unhappy with his life but utterly unsure of how to go about changing it . On the one hand , he dreads the prospect of devoting decades of his life to a tedious , unfulfilling job , yet , on the other , he finds himself yearning to join his boyhood chums already comfortably ensconced in the great middle class . Ryan must figure out if achieving financial success will require a total abandonment of youthful idealism or if there is some way to retain one 's principles and still have all the material wealth one could possibly want . Indeed when he takes a good look at all the people around him - be they his slacker buddy , the yuppie boyfriend of the girl he ` s fallen for , the lottery winners he is forced to interview , or even his very own parents - he discovers that they have all found ways to make ends meet without having to work very hard at it . And what does it really matter if those folks have to break a law or two or indulge in some shady and immoral enterprise to get their hands on some cash ? It 's all part of the lure of Easy Money and the cult-like addiction that comes along with it . It 's only when Ryan decides to get a little of his own in the same way that his real crisis of character begins.Douglas Coupland has written a smart , thoughtful script that finds humor in the off-kilter incongruities of daily life
 This movie lives up to it 's name , and green is a recurrant theme . You could play a game in this to see how many referances to a `` green '' thing there is in it . Paulo Costanzo plays a office worker who has the worst day of his life all at once , and then things turn around in a way quite different from what he planned . Instead of winning the lotto , he gets a job working for it . Along with this , other opportunities come about , and he has chances to do things he 's never done before . However , he also has to battle the possiblity of changing what he was into something he did n't want to become . This movie has quite a few laughs , and some outlandish situations , but definately a sleeper . Worht a viewing .
 Ahhh , if only '' Everything 's Gone Green '' had widespread distribution , it would have been the must see indie hit of the year . Green is a drolly funny , somewhat surreal -LRB- at times -RRB- , strange and charming comedy . Worth a look see . Paul Fox -LRB- the Director -RRB- also has another feature under his belt `` The Dark Hours '' a Horror Film , also worth a look see .
 Billed somewhat incorrectly as a `` slacker '' comedy , this enjoyable flick is more about bigger questions of life and love than its packaging would indicate . Steph Song is hot as the love interest , but the rest of the cast is little known . Very good writing and a great score by numeorus indie Canadian rockers . Set in Vancouver . I 'm not sure what 's green about this , except maybe the marijuana plants grown by the lead 's droll parents . Definitely see this one .
 Everything 's Gone Green is a well-directed , well-written , well-acted film . The Vancouver setting makes it extra special . Paul Fox did a great job as Director of this film .
 I am a fan of blaxploitation flicks , and this one is a classic film . Tamara Dobson is beautiful in this film , and does a terrific job . Everyone in this film did an excellent job . RIP Tamara Dobson .
 Simply one of the best , fun and campy , cult films of the 1970 's . Even today 2007 , this movie is alot of fun . Rest in peace Tamara Dobson , you were and always will be `` a whole lotta woman ! ''
 This DVD is awesome !!! I recommend this DVD to anyone who likes action and 1970s blacksplotation movies . Eventhough this movie came out a few years before I was born , I enjoyed watching every moment of this DVD .
 I can watch this movie over and over ! True 70 's movie that takes me back ... RIP Tamara -LRB- 10/2/2006 -RRB-
 just like i enjoy Pam Grier 's action films i feel the same way about Tamara Dobson in this film.it has action and a feel good quality about it.non-stop . and just like Pam she ai n't bad on a Brother 's EYEs either .
 I have always really liked this movie since it came out in 1973 . I have watched it countless times through the years on TV , but have n't seen it for a while on TV so I picked it up on DVD . Although the DVD does n't offer a lot of features , the picture quality is good and it 's presented in it 's original cinemascope format . This was one of the higher budget `` blaxploitation '' flicks from the '70s . Seeing it as a kid I thought it was the coolest movie . Now that I am a lot older , it 's still cool , but in a campy/fun way . The plot consists of a government agent named Cleopatra Jones -LRB- Tamara Dobson -RRB- who is hired to rid the US of drugs . She goes after one of the `` Queenpins '' of the drug trade called Mommy , played by Shelley Winters . The one thing I never forgot about this movie was Cleopatra 's kickin ' Corvette complete with a cassette deck , which was really high-end at the time ! -LRB- Most cars had 8-track players -RRB- Along with this was her funky fashions ! If you like the '70s action genre , this is a great addition to your library .
 Tamara Dobson was fabulously stylish , sexy , and intelligent in her role as Cleopatra Jones , the Karate/Kung Fu kicking United States Special Government Agent -LRB- `` jurisdiction from Turkey to Watts Tower baby '' -RRB- who battles Drug Lord Mommy -LRB- Shelly Winters -RRB- . Cleo ruffles Mommy 's feathers by burning her Turkish poppy field that has a street value of $ 30 million . Mommy retaliates by getting her bad cop friends to bust the B&S ; House which is run by Cleo 's boyfriend Rueben -LRB- Bernie Casey -RRB- . The B&S ; House helps local drug addicts kick the habit . The B&S ; House staff have a Black Panther Party mentality.To add action and humor to the movie is Mommy 's odd crew of gay beauties that cater to her every whim ; clutsy henchmen ; Pusher Doodlebug -LRB- Antonio Fargas , best known from `` Starsky & Hutch '' -RRB- . Doodlebug has his own odd crew that includes his high maintenance girlfriend Tiffany -LRB- Brenda Sykes , also played in `` Black Gunn '' -RRB- , Pickle -LRB- Teddy Wilson who went on to star on tv shows like `` Good Times '' , `` That 's My Mama '' , and `` Sanford & Son '' -RRB- , white chauffer/butler Mattingly -LRB- real surname -RRB- . Don Corneilus -LRB- Soul Train -RRB- has a cameo as himself . Ester Rolle -LRB- `` Good Times '' -RRB- has a cameo as the mother of Cleo 's two Karate kicking friends , The Johnson Brothers . This movie has a plethora of actors , both black and white , who went on to have extensive acting careers.The well written story and screenplay is by Max Julien , who is best known for his role as `` The Mack '' and `` Thomasine & Bushrod '' . The soundtrack yielded two hits , one by Joe Simon and the other by Millie Jackson.Dobson portrayed a strong black woman with a positive character . Outside of driving the James Bond type Corvette complete with phone , personalized plates , government issued weapons concealed in the door and a top that automatically raised -LRB- awesome in 1973 -RRB- to accomodate Dobson 's 6 foot , 2 inch height ... she displayed motor bike riding skills and a little bi-lingual capabilities that must have been needed for her traveling abroad.The ending scene , the Bon Voyage party for Cleo ends with her white friend Police Captain Lou Crawford -LRB- Dan Frazer who has a very extensive acting portfolio with the likes of `` Kojak '' , `` Law & Order '' , and `` As The World Turns '' -RRB- saying `` Right On '' while holding up a clinched fist -LRB- black power sign -RRB- as Cleo drives off into the sunset for her next big assignment . His actions amaze the other party people and is a priceless ending that should leave a smile on your face to go with this happy ending.The disconsolate news of Tamara Dobson 's death in October 2006 smothered the flames of my nostalgic dreams of her reprising the Cleo role for a third time -LRB- second time circa 1975 , `` Cleopatra Jones and the Casino of Gold '' -RRB- . All biographical accounts document Tamara Dobson as having studied fashion at the Maryland Institute College of Arts before her professional modeling career . Her acting career included film appearances in `` Norman ... Is That You ? '' , `` Chained Heat '' , `` Come Back , Charleston Blue '' , `` Murder at the World Series '' , `` Jason of Star Command '' , and `` Buck Rogers in the 25th Century '' . Beyonce appears to have paid homage to `` Cleopatra Jones '' when she played Foxxy Cleopatra in the Austin Powers movie.Tamara Dobson 's role as Cleo was a hit and this movie is a classic that would add value to any so-called blaxploitation -LRB- Soul Cinema -RRB- era movie collection.by : Pamela Jarmon
 Sure it 's over the top . Sure Shelley Winters ' character is absurd . But this one is a lot of fun . In the genre of blaxploitation movies , this movie is closer to `` Shaft '' in quality than it is to `` Foxy Brown '' . `` Foxy '' , while enjoyable , is a very amateurish production . `` Cleopatra '' , on the other hand , is very well done . The car chase rates as one of the best of the era.As for the transfer , it also is very well done . My only complaint about the DVD is the lack of any additional features . In fact , it is so bare that the menu is a generic Warner Bros. logo instead of related to the movie.Regardless , even if you are n't a big fan of the blaxploitation genre , this one is great entertainment ... exciting and funny at the same time .
 As bad as a man as Shaft is , he would n't play with Cleopatra Jones if he thought for one minute she was on her last nerve , and it was shredding fast.Tamara Dobson portrays a special agent who is busting up a drug pipeline from Turkey to the United States that is operated by Mommy -LRB- Shelley Winters -RRB- . I hope I do n't ruin the ending for you , but keep in mind the movie is n't titled , Mommy.I always found the film a parody of James Bond and the other tough white heroes back in the day who would gently set the lady aside before punching out the villains , with the hero capturing her heart in the end . Cleopatra Jones disarms the bad guys with her charm , but is also cooking up some knuckle sandwiches to take them out with when the time is right.Dobson does a great job in a role that may have been nearly impossible to pull off well . Such over-the-top characters have to be difficult to portray - there is a fine line between acting well or making the character the buffoonish Rambo - but Dobson does a great job.The DVD cover is a pretty poor updated version to the original artwork . The movie is from 1973 , not 2003 and the artwork should make that point.If you are looking for a movie that packs a punch , run quickly away from the usual suspects and get Cleopatra Jones .
 So many use the word Diva to describe the movie and recording stars of today . Well that last time I checked in the dictionary the word Diva had Tamara Dobsons picture by it . I saw this film the first time in the early seventies and I still think it was ahead of its time . Shes awesome to look at , has martial arts down to a science . I think an updated version would be a great vehicle for Rupaul . Do you agree ? Ca n't wait to get it on widescreen .
 CLEOPATRA JONES -LRB- Tamara Dobson -RRB- is super-bad ! She 's a government agent out to take down the drug lords ! She knows karate ! She 's handy w / a machine gun ! She drives a smokin ' Corvette ! She 's beautiful AND she knows the clothes that make the pose ! CLEO takes on Mommy -LRB- Shelley Winters -RRB- , the queen of the narcotics underworld , as well as her army of thugs ! CLEOPATRA JONES is one of the best , most entertaining urban action films I 've ever seen ! Filled w / interesting characters -LRB- the Doodlebug mob for instance ! -RRB- , and more genuine soul than a revival meeting , CJ is hard to beat ! ...
 I do n't recall where I saw this movie , But I remember the Action and Driving Sequence and the Really Tricked out Corvette ! It 's a Must See for me !
 I am a true fan of blaxploitation films especially when the film displays a woman and her ability to be a hero . It is still a male dominated world and even more so back then woman had to prove that they could hold their own . In this film a woman is the hero showing much strength and courage in her battle against the bad guys . I like how the film has an intellegent side to our hero making her more dangerous to the enemy by using not just her fist but her mind as well . Overall , a good movie .
 Tamara Dobson is no Pam Grier , but she 's pretty sexy , and she 'll smack the taste right out of your mouth too . As Cleopatra Jones , she 's a special agent on a quest to wipe drugs and drug dealers off the face of the planet . She pisses off drug kingpin Shelly Winters who wants her reduced to a pile of Cleopatra Bones -LRB- sorry -RRB- , but Cleo is out for vengeance coz Winters messed with her rehab house as well as her man . This is a pretty cool gem from the Blaxploitation era . Cleo is a very comic bookish character . Everyone in town knows her , she has authority over the entire police department , men swoon as she walks by , she has a real telephone in her car , and she knows kung fu . She has a tendency to yell `` AAAAAAH ! '' or `` EEEEEEE-JOOOO ! '' every time she hits or kicks anyone . One villain is Doodlebug , a pimp-like gangster who 's obsessed with his hair -LRB- In the film `` I 'm Gon na Get You Sucka '' he 's the guy with the goldfish in his platform shoes that recites the poem `` Bitch Better Have My Money '' -RRB- . He 's a funny , yet creepy looking dude . Shelly Winters has made a career out of playing grating and annoying characters , and this one suits her perfectly . She 's a lesbian drug lord with bright red hair and a riders crop . How a woman like this becomes a feared drug queen is anyone 's guess coz she 's as scary and threatening as the Three Stooges . Will Cleo kick some butt and make the streets safe again ? Watch it , it 's more than worth your time . Dig ?
 Tamara Dobson is a actress to be remembered . she played a great role in trying to rid her hometown of drugs . i also own the sequel to this movie and i have to say the second one takes the place of the first one but either way i remember this actress as one of the greatest .
 I have decided that exploitation movies are my favorite genre . You do n't have to take them seriously , and you can just enjoy their bad writing and over-the-top kick ass mentality . As for the acting , you can enjoy Shelly Winters being laughably shrill , Bernie Casey being `` cool , '' Bill McKinney as a volatile villain , and Antonio Vargas taking over the movie every time he appears . It 's a shame Tamara Dobson did n't have much of a career , because as silly as her character is written , she has charisma to spare .
 very good movie.interesting premise dated , but fresh at the time worth watching again and again .
 Dig it , man . Cleopatra Jones -LRB- Tamara Dobson -RRB- is 6 ' 2 '' of black corvette driving , machine gun firing , karate kicking , outta sight wardrobe wearing government agent soul sister dynamite , and she 's back in LA after burning a field of Turkish poppies -LRB- in the first scene -RRB- , to put the town 's biggest drug lord , Momma -LRB- Shelley Winters , yes , Shelley Winters -RRB- out of business . Though Shelley seems more interested in her bevy of young lesbian lovers , and Cleo has to spend the first part of the flick confronting the local cops over a sting they put on a drug rehab house run by her sort-of boyfriend Reuben -LRB- has to be Bernie Casey , does n't it ? -RRB- , a confrontation is inevitable . But before we get there ... Cleo puts the heat on various dealers and enforcers working for Momma , to the point that her biggest employee , Doodlebug -LRB- Antonio Fargas , forever to be identified as a pimp though he is n't really playing one here -RRB- decides to split . Uh-uh , Momma 's not having that , so she decides to rub him out . Cleo feels protective of Doodlebug 's girlfriend Tiffany -LRB- Brenda Sykes -RRB- and on learning that Tiffany has escaped the massacre sets out to find her ... which leads to that final confrontation as the two are taken by Momma 's men to a junkyard to be disposed of.The intimidating Dobson looks gorgeous and tough throughout , though at first she seems to vacillate between her obviously educated background and the street-smart character she 's supposed to be playing , sometimes in the same scene ; and her martial arts do n't really cut it except in one scene where she takes out a bad cop with some choice kicks . But there 's a fair amount of gunplay , better done than the hand-to-hand , and a pretty solid 51/2 minute car chase around the halfway point through LA back alleys , a warehouse district , and canals . The music is solidly funky if not first-rate , the supporting cast a lot of fun , and the photography by David M. Walsh is good enough to help compensate for the dullness of Max Julien and Sheldon Keller 's scrpt and the just-above-average direction by Jack Starrett.It 's also a fairly mild example of the genre with a rather light amount of language , no sex or nudity whatsoever , and pretty low-key violence ; overall it 's not far off from a PG-13 and probably would have been cut just a little to get that rating had it existed in 1973 . Very much an anti-drug , stay off the streets message combined with a black power attitude that is a little softer than many of it 's contemporaries ; it 's interesting that both the top cop , Crawford -LRB- Dan Frazer -RRB- and drug lord Momma are white , and in the end not only is the white momma bested by the black momma , but the top cop -LRB- who seems to have a subtle crush on Cleo -RRB- gives a black power salute in the final shot - indicating that he too has met his match . Working with the Man ... showing she 's better than him ... and having him admit it , happily . That 's the fantasy world of Cleopatra Jones - pretty silly if you stop to think about it , but ultimately it 's a better fantasy than you find in most action movies.I ca n't claim to be an expert -LRB- yet -RRB- on the blaxploitation genre , but this is definitely one of the best of the ten or so examples I 've seen , and I 'm eager to track down the sequel , CLEOPATRA JONES AND THE CASINO OF GOLD . The Warner Brothers DVD for this first film is contained in a cheapo snap-case , with no extras at all , but it is a surprisingly good anamorphic transfer and at this price I 'd sure recommend it . Right on .
 You have to be old school to watch this , but this is a wonderful product , only for the old school die heart .
 Everything in this movie puts it above most black action films of the 70 's . The kung fu fight scenes are very well choreographed -LRB- with some great slo-mo -RRB- , The actors and dialog are damn good mostly with the police cheif , mommy , and Bill Mckinney -LRB- from deliverance -RRB- having the best lines . The un-cool drug pushers and pimps get what 's coming to them and jones has no sympathy for them either . The film 's decent budget provides for some great widescreen photography , car chases , explosions , and bloody gun battles . Tamara Dobson impresses by getting her point accross without calling everyone a bitch or MFer throughout the whole movie .
 All I can say is `` Where is Tamara Dobson today ? '' She plays the super-agent with perfection and literally lights up the screen . The movie is interesting , but she is what makes it work ! That woman should still be in films today !
 I was a little girl my dad used to take me to the movies and she 's the bomb . Plus I got the poster after they took the movie off . To put something else on . Rest in peace Tamara Dobson you # 1 .
 Cleopatra Jones was pretty good in this movie , the movie is family friendly , easy to watch , I loved it .
 The 1970 's gave rise to the female Blaxploitation cinema creating many cult favorites like Coffy , TNT Jackson , Get Christie Love and Cleopatra Jones . The allure of `` Cleopatra Jones '' was that once again the studio cast a beautiful black woman in the role of the heroine at a time when there were only a few black women who had successfully pulled it off while starring in the leading role . Several actresses in the 1970 's such as Pam Grier , Theresa Graves , Playboy Playmate Jeanne Bell all proved they could carry a film and entertain an audience and Tamara Dobson was no exception.While on assignment in Turkey `` Cleopatra Jones '' orders the destruction of a poppy field with a street value of 30 million dollars seriously hurting the drug traffic trade and Mommy 's drug business back home . Hearing of this devastating news `` Mommy '' sets out to even the score with Cleopatra for good . Mommy with the help of some dirty cops orders a raid at an inner-city drug centre in order to get Cleopatra back home so she can eliminate her , or so she hopes . Upon Cleopatra 's arrival home and a failed attempt by Mommy 's stooges to kill her at the airport she learns of the raid and sets out to take down the people responsible by any means necessary and destroy `` Mommy '' in the process.Looking ultra fantastic in everything she wore Tamara Dobson the six foot two inch beauty / former model portrayed a squeaky clean government agent named `` Cleopatra Jones '' who kicked butt and looked great while doing it . Cleopatra drove a sleek black and very menacing looking Corvette with a personalized license plate `` CLEO '' . The corvette also came complete with an arsenal of weapons neatly tucked away and a modified roof for the six foot two inch beauty as she set out in style to take down the local drug trafficker known as `` Mommy '' played by -LRB- Shelley Winters -RRB- and put her out of commission once and for all.Warner Brothers have done a decent job with this DVD release providing a really nice wide screen video transfer . The film still contains some minor debris and blemishes but nothing to take away from the overall enjoyment of the movie . The film also benefits from a first rate musical score by jazz arranger J.J. Johnson . He manages to create a soulful but stylish 70 's funky sound that comes across clear and crisp on my sound system . All we need now is `` Cleopatra Jones and the Casino of Gold '' on DVD.R.I.P . Tamara Dobson
 I think Tamara Dobson is absolutely stunning in the movie she 's no Pam Greir but she does have some spunk in her . ` Cleopatra Jones ' is one of my favourite 1970s exploitation movies . While technically blaxploitation it bears very little resemblance to the grittiness and relative realism of ` Shaft ' , ` Superfly ' or ` Black Caesar ' . It is closer to ` Black Belt Jones ' meets James Bond , especially the spectacular opening sequence in Turkey . If you do n't take it too seriously this is fantastic fun.Tamara Dobson , as Special Government Agent Cleopatra Jones , is beautiful , sassy and one not to be mess with . Her lover 's -LRB- Bernie Casey - ` Never Say Never Again ' -RRB- half-way house is under threat of closure after a dubious drug bust . Cleo suspects the involvement of a crooked cop -LRB- the always menacing Bill McKinney - ` Deliverance ' -RRB- , and local drug big wig Mommy -LRB- Shelley Winters as a larger than life lesbian leather queen ! -RRB- . Mommy and her henchmen -LRB- one of which is the legendary Paul Koslo - ` The Omega Man ' -RRB- try everything in their power to stop Cleopatra , but hell , look at her moves ! her clothes ! her Afro ! Who do you think is gon na win here ?! And then there is the romantic scene with her and Bernie Casey which is not explicit but intense.While the movie can be classified as `` cheesy '' by many , it does have action , adventure , and romance . The action is non-stop-Cleo is always kung fuing someone or driving the hell out of her Corvette to get away from the bad guys . Also , there a pretty neat scene where she rides a motorcycle up a steep hill to everyone 's dismay -LRB- if you happen to catch CJ on DVD or VHS , use pause on this scene-it is clearly a Caucasian male , with brown makeup , who is actually riding the motorcycle -RRB- . A stylish , silly and wonderfully entertaining trash classic . Directed by Jack Starrett -LRB- ` Slaughter ' , ` Race With The Devil ' -RRB- and co-written and produced by actor Max Julien -LRB- ` Psych-Out ' , ` The Mack ' -RRB- is a must see ... . Who is that Bad Mamma Jamma ?
 I have loved this movie for a very long time , and no matter what your movie tastes may be , this movie is very entertaining . In this film , what has always interested me most was how , in 1973 of all times , a black woman was able toflex so much power in a government agency.Cleopatra Jones moves with such grace andpower you 'd think the FBI worked for her.Nonetheless Tamara Dobson is a refreshingalternative to the fierce and sometime maniacalcharacters portrayed by Pam Grier . While both actressesdisplayed power , Dobson comes across more classyand refined , whereas Grier wasted no time gettingdown and dirty . This movie is not high cinema , butit is by far one of the best films of the blaxploitation genre . If you have little or no experience with thegenre , `` Cleopatra Jones '' raises the bar astronomically andeverything afterwards will be a staggering disapointment.I wish there were more action , and the martial artssequences are laughable at best -LRB- trademark blaxploitation -RRB- . This is a very fun film , not to be taken tooseriously . I would recommend it just for thesake of watching Dobson in action . I have neverseen anyone else in films who is as captivating.Mind you , I said captivating , not beautiful -LRB- although she is that and more -RRB- . Beautifulactresses are a dime a dozen , buthow many of them could make you turn the volumedown completely and be content just with watching hergraceful movements and total control of everyscene . Not many . Tamara Dobson is a delight inthis film , and in the sequel , Cleopatra Jones andthe Casino of Gold . I wish she had been moresuccesful in her acting efforts , but at leastthis film stands as a gem of the blaxploitation era .
 We saw this movie in the seventies and were blown away with Tamara Dodson 's presence . I was excited when I found the movie on this site . I am glad we found it because when we need a seventy fix , it right at hand -LRB- You wo n't be disappointed -RRB- . Outstanding movie . Thanks
 This film brought back a lot of great memories for me . I enjoyed seeing Tamara Dobson on the screen playing the heroine that all teenage girls of the time enjoyed watching . She was smart , pretty with her own sense of style .
 This movie is dope . Cleo is one badass babe . This movie is actually quite well done and does n't get boring . Its got good action and is very funny . Get it on DVD .
 You do n't get to see sistas as action heroes . This is a classic throwback . A rarity to show a sister as being both strong , and sensual . You do n't have films like this nowadays where sisters can be beautiful , and still kick butt and take names . Not subservient , NEVER a sidekick ; just a powerful & beautiful force to be reckoned with .
 Very inspiring story you 've created Darrion . I was amazed with your film . Great job ! I 'm in a college class , Culture Anthropology in which I 've chosen to study Homeless as a Culture . I was hoping we could connect . I 'm currently living in Olympia . My email is Kari.doll@hotmail.com . If you are intrested in helping me conduct my research I 'd love to get your view on this topic.Thank you for your time , Keep your videos coming.Kari .
 Just go to YouTube and type `` On Concrete In Seattle '' ... The homeless lady with the live chicken is a site to SEE !
 There is nothing better than the twists and turns of this sessions Weeds . Leaves me Jonesing it for more .
 Once again , Nancy manages to get herself into more trouble than you can imagine , and escapes just in the nick of time due to her winning smile and brilliant mind .
 This is a great dvd set ! the extras and behind the scenes stuff is great too ! I highly suggest buying this as well as 1 , 2 , and 3 ! big laughs and suspense .
 I wanted to get a season of one of the sets that I own at about $ 25.00 . This sale met my needs
 Another great season . Story line changes a lot this season but it 's still a great entertainment show -LRB- for adults -RRB- .
 I had no idea what to think of this series before I ordered it , but I am so glad that I did!The main character of this series makes it worth watching ! I really enjoyed the premise , which is both believable , and unbelievable ! I love the thought that this whole thing can be real , but even more important than that , this series is hilarious and fun every minute . I enjoyed watching the story unfold , and it is one of the few seasons that actually gets better as it goes on.Enjoy this series ! You will love it !
 Weeds season 4 is a rather interesting beast in how dramatic a change the show has undergone . No longer does the show revolve around the suburban mockings of a pot dealing soccer mom , but instead revolves around drug -LRB- among other things -RRB- trafficking . While this season did feel fresh -LRB- let 's be honest the idea was starting to get stale -RRB- , it also kind of left me hating the main character . While she has always been on the border of moral person trying to help her family , and immoral thrill seeker , this season really pushed her far beyond someone I care about . Sure there 's a few moments of morality , but the reality is they were forced . Frankly , at this point , Nancy has consistently ignore her children , put them in danger , and raised a teenager who wants to do nothing but grow pot , with a young barely teenager having threesomes.So , with all of my complaints , why am I giving this a four stars ? Well , the show is still pretty funny , though I 'm far more interested in Andy and Kevin Nealon 's character than the botwin clan . I liked where most of the stories went , but ca n't deny that I just do n't feel for Nancy anymore . Almost everytime she gets in trouble , its her fault . She could 've been out of the game time and time again , but she stays with it , not to help her family , but for her own thrills . So if you can get past the complete lack of sympathy , they shows very entertaining.Oh yeah , and the blu ray looks great .
 The best writer 's . Entertaining , filled with laughs , thought provoking and a fantastic cast of character 's ! Certainly an adult only series.My only critique of this season , wardrobe was lacking for Nancy Botwin compared with past season 's ... she crossed over into the tacky & trashy which was not her character before . Bad move .
 i never watched the show before but decided to get season # 4 on blu-ray sincei 'm a big fan of Hunter Parrish who plays Mary Louise Parker 's older son . the show was as funny as had hoped but one thing bothered me . the last twoepisodes of season # 4 got wayyyyyyyyyyyyy to serious in tone . i guess theproducers forgot this is a adult comedy and thought is was THE SOPRANOS .
 I 've followed Weeds all four seasons and I 'm consistently entertained and impressed with the caliber of the acting and writing . I 've always appreciated the balance between the literary and the lunacy.Season four took a definite departure from the safety of Agrestic ... a departure to a California border town near Tijuana . Nancy 's -LRB- Mary-Louise Parker 's -RRB- involvement with the dangerous/sexy mayor of Tijuana -LRB- Demi&aacute;n Bichir -RRB- was a nice addition , as was the twisted relationship between Celia -LRB- Elizabeth Perkins -RRB- and DEA Till -LRB- Jack Stehlin -RRB- , who brilliantly walked the comedy/drama line . As always , the comedy trio of Andy -LRB- Justin Kirk -RRB- , Doug -LRB- Kevin Nealon -RRB- and Dean Hodes -LRB- Andy Milder -RRB- totally paid off . As for the kids Silas -LRB- Hunter Parish -RRB- , Shane -LRB- Alexander Gould -RRB- , and Isabelle -LRB- Allie Grant -RRB- - they are proving to be fine young actors , holding their own in every lovely scene . I 'd say that season for is a must have for any Weeds fan , future or present .
 This is one of my favorite shows and I love how you are able to pre-order your copy online through Amazon . It arrived on the release day and the price was reasonable compared to what you would pay buying it at a retail store . I am very satisfied with this purchase !
 I would buy from this seller anyday ! I ordered it Wednesday and got it Friday ! It was also still in the plastic wrap !
 We have purchased all of the Weeds seasons ! Love to go back and watch them again and again . Sometimes we have a weekend marathon of Weeds !!!
 Weeds is a funny , brillant show . Could n't have a more perfect cast . I 've watched all five seasons and waiting for the sixth to be released ...
 This was another good season of Weeds . Although I prefer the seasons that take place in Agrestic , it was still as good as the previous seasons . This season still had the same great humor with the same great characters . The storyline was very interesting and put a new spin on the show . The whole season is very interesting and full of surprises ; especially in the last episode . I would recommend this season to any Weeds fan .
 I read the reviews of Weeds online and they all said that after the third season it really goes downhill . I have to say I 'm pleasantly surprised =-RRB- although they change almost everything about the show , they keep the best characters around -LRB- besides U-Turn , but he died in season 3 -RRB- . Ca n't say I 've watched it more than once or twice though and that 's why I gave it only 4 stars . That and either the manufacturer or the seller decided to tape the dvds down inside the case = P one came loose during shipping apparently , and the tape ended up stuck to the bottom of the disk ...
 Wonderful season ! Weeds is known for constantly re-inventing itself and this season is a turn for the better ! Definite must-have for any Weeds fan .
 Was happy with this purchase . The dvd played great and came in a timely manner .
 Just like as I purchased it from the physical store . Fair price , fair shipping and just FAST ! I began watching it when it first arrived ... Four thumbs up !
 The writers of Weeds took a big departure from the first three seasons , and in my opinion it is sooo much better . I did enjoy the first three seasons , as I am a huge fan of Mary-Louise Parker -LRB- West Wing is good if you also enjoy her -RRB- . But this made the story a little more gritty and covered another side of the drug world . It also touches on immigration from Mexico to the US . I liked how the mention how terrible conditions are when coming across the border , how just because you are in the drug world does n't mean you are not using the money for good , and once again just how rotten some people can be . Interesting series , loving the new `` living in a border town '' theme ! And the finale ... !!!!!!! Wow !
 For any person who loves this show as much as I do , you know that very few words are needed to describe this show . I love the new direction that the show os taking . It is a very realistic look at how your daily living situation can change with or with out your knowledge nor consent .
 This show is hilarious . This season was a little more drama filled than the previous three , but it is still the best show on television !
 Just like buying it in the store except you never have to leave home!and it is cheaper even with postage & handling .
 Fun new start for Nancy and Co. with the same tense , awkward and hilarious moments as before .
 I started buying the seasons of Weeds mainly because it was on sale at Best Buy . After the first season we immediately starting buying all of the remaining seasons on DVD . I ca n't think of a more odd and startling series on television .
 I have been a fan of Weeds since it first premiered on Showtime and have been keeping up with the newest episodes religiously every Monday . Last season , Nancy got in some trouble with a gang of bikers , after escaping drug kingpin U-Turn 's fat thumb only to burn down her house in an effort to flee leaving viewers to question `` what 's going to happen next ? `` In a very unexpected turn of events , Nancy and family are heading to the fictional town of Ren Mar -LRB- Oceanside in reality -RRB- , a small beachside town near the Mexican border . There , she follows Guillermo and begins her new occupation ; trafficking across the Mexican border . Soon things evolve and spin out of control when Celia gets released from jail hellbent on incarcerating Nancy , Silas finds companionship in a much older woman , Shane is experiencing abnormal adolescent issues , and Andy as always is along for comedic relief and an occasional solution.The season starts out strong . By episode 3 the season has established it 's new `` roots '' . Ren Mar , not Agrestic . Mini-title sequences instead of `` Little Boxes '' . And sadly , no Heylia , Conrad or Vaneeta , some of my favorite characters from previous seasons . Things start to pick up around episode 5 when tension starts to heat up between all characters.Overall , I believe this is a very strong season and would recommend it to anyone . It definitely took a darker , more mature tone on this season , much to some reviewers dislike , but I personally enjoyed the newfound darkness in the show . Drug dealing , while can be portrayed as comical obviously has a dark side that starts to show this season . Things are no longer fun and games in Agrestic , and there was a stir in the fanbase concerning the newer changes . I think they 've paid off . I loved the idea of evolution and changing the shows entire premise in a dignified and plausible manner.Usually in my reviews I have the `` best and worst '' episodes . For this , it 's tough because they 're all pretty good . The only episode that disappointed me was the anti-climactic finale . Any TV watcher knows the main character is n't going to die . So , sorry Jenji , but that was n't too big of a cliffhanger.Best episodes are :2 . Ladies a CharmNancy engages in some potentially illegal activity , Bubbie says she wants to die , and Nancy begins to get deeper in the drug world . A +5 . No Man Is PuddingNancy and Celia work a bond out , after she knocks one of her teeth out . The search for missing Andy goes on . Meanwhile , Silas encounters an infestation and Nancy works out a deal with Captain Till to get her off her back . A6 . Excellent TreasuresCelia gets an unexpected visit from her estranged daughter , Shane auctions off all of Grandpa Lenny 's furnishings , and Nancy gets way in over her head when she meets the man in the suit , senor Grande , Esteban Reyes . A7 . Yes I CanIn this dynamic episode , Nancy gets her punishment for stepping out of line , moves 100 pounds of weed , Celia becomes a friend of the benzo 's and decides to celebrate her newfound freedom to go on a xanax binge . Oh , and Shane ... youch . A8 . I Am The TableSilas and Nancy each find new conquests , Guillermo gets put back in line , and Celia becomes an addict . A +11 . Head CheeseAfter an ayahuasca trip , Nancy begins to contemplate her newfound lifestyle . Meanwhile , after dodging Jered from Subway , Silas and Lisa make good work of their newfound cashcow . A +12 . Till We Meet AgainIn the darkest episode of the season , Nancy sets up Guillermo 's demise , Celia recovers from her addictions , and we wait impatiently for the next move . A +
 Each season the Weeds characters get more sophisticated at artfully painting themselves into corners from which they seemingly can not escape , yet escape they do with astonishingly sexy panache . If it 's always darkest before the dawn , the fifth season finale should be a glorious sunrise -LRB- or not ! -RRB- . I 'm addicted and have to ration the shows like candy . Each character is so well developed ranging from hilarious to terrifying ; ancient to pubescent , naughty to nice or perilously lurching toward the former . No subject is untouchable and as darkness metaphorically falls at the end of each angst riddled episode , this extraordinary , fatherless family bids goodnight , not unlike the Waltons of yore , but with their own twisted suburban America white drug culture edginess . Goodnight Nancy .
 Each season gets crazier & crazier ! This show is so much fun to watch & is extremely addicting . I watched this season in less than two days because I could n't stop , I had to know what was happening next ! You should all buy Seasons 1-4 , you wo n't regret it . I let someone borrow all of my box sets & now she is in love too !
 i wasnt so much on season 3 but i read the reviews on here and bought season 4 anyway and loved it its back to the comedy of seasons 1 & 2 not all about the sex and violence . mary louise parker naked aint bad either : -RRB-
 A bit more dramatic that the first 3 seasons , but still follows well with the nature of the show . There are some hilarious moments in this season . I would give it my best rating , and suggest it to anyone mature audience .
 Love It !! Each season gets better , I ca n't wait for the 5th season on dvd.Talk about a ending to a season this was one of the best . I wont spoil it for those who have not seen this season yet . But this one will have you wishing you had the 5th season in your had to see what happens next .
 The move from Agrestic suburbia to the San Diego-Tijuana border -LRB- plus the welcome presence of Albert Brooks as Nancy Botwin 's gambling-addicted father-in-law -RRB- gives `` Weeds '' a vigorous shot in the arm . Season Four truly benefits from the change in locale , with Mary-Louise Parker and the dysfunctional gang in top form . Kudos to series creator Jenji Kohan for pushing the subversive comedy-drama through uncharted territory . The 2008 episodes are the best so far .
 I just watched season 3 and despite what the previous reviewer said , all of the episodes are there.Oh , and the show is very good . It 's a bit emotionally draining if you watch them all in a row , but all the best shows are !
 The writers have really outdone themselves this season . This is easily the best season of Weeds to date . Keep up the good work .
 I do not LOVE this show * , but I find it very entertaining and each season gets more exciting . I enjoy seeing how the plot thickens and moves along season to season . Season 4 takes the show to a whole new place and I have really enjoyed it . * I love some of the actors and am annoyed by others . I think the writing is generally good and I love the plot development .
 Many die-hard viewers claimed this was the season the show &#34; jumped the shark . &#34; I disagree ! If you are a true fan , you will watch and buy all 8 seasons !
 This wacky series of soccer mom , Nancy Botwin never seems to disappoint . Wildly entertaining .
 Season four is n't the best but I still love this show ! SO worth the money and the watch !
 So since you 've come to terms with your addiction for the depicted soccer mom drama that Nancy Botwin goes through you realize < wholey crap > this has got to be one of the funniest and real TV series ever .
 Esta serie ha sido desde la primer temporada simplemente adictiva para mi , se las recomiendo a todos ...
 I love this show ! I bought it for a great price and it was delivered to my house within two days of regular shipping
 This show really has a little bit of everything , which makes it an all-around good choice any day . With this mainly being a comedy , it 's constantly hilarious . . but it does n't forget about other emotions . Although the plot line for this entire series is based around a suburban mother who pays her bills by dealing marijuana , you can rest assured that you do n't need to be a fan of weed to enjoy Weeds . With an all-star cast and a terrific script , it 's impossible to go wrong . So what are you waiting for ? Do n't just sit there ... put WEEDS in your pipe and smoke it .
 As usual , Amazon came thru with ontime delivery of exactly what I ordered . Happy 5 star customer .
 I 've been watching this show from the beginning . It is funny and always has interesting episodes . Season 4 did not disappoint . Waiting on Season 5 right now !
 It 's a must have to complete collection of weeds seasons . Lots of things going on in this season . Nancy and her crew wo n't have you bored in this season .
 I LOVE MARY LOUIS PARKER , I LOVE JUSTIN KIRK I LOVE ANDY ANDY andNANCY , even SHANE ! OMG ! , so I RECENTLY JUST ABOUT 3 Months ago even ever heard of WEEDS OMG OMG OMGOMG!and love it , my bf and I did a cram session in about 3 days of the complete 1st , 2nd , and 3rd season , so I bought 1,2,3 & 4 then watched it obsessing the whole time , so funny and crazy and dramatic , all so wonderful , shes always getting into so much trouble and shes not even trying to . so ggrreeaaatt!preordered season 5 FREAKIN OUT FOR 3 weeks till it came out and i finally watched it SO AWSOME ! . I LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT
 i think Weeds is acreative , somewhat dark humored series . There 's too much swearing.but the wit overcomes it .
 Season four is well written . Never a dull moment and the writers always find new things to introduce into the story . A great drama for adults .
 I have been waiting for this to come out on dvd since I finished the third season . I watched the entire season in one night , it was well worth the wait .
 This season is just as good as the others and I got a great price for it when I pre-ordered .
 Yet another awesome season of Weeds . A must have it you have the other 3 seasons .
 WOW - WOW - WOW - WHOA ... Hands down - GET THIS . Never did I expect the twist in this season . - Buy it .
 I would definitely recommend getting this season . I still have not seen the last 2 episodes , but LOVED each & every 11 episodes of this season that I did see so far . Season 3 took me back some , I did n't care for it , not very funny & too much sex & violence . Season 4 takes you back to the craziness & sheer laugh out loud humor that the first 2 seasons created . Love Celia being a drug addict , this is so funny & Elizabeth Perkins is a genius at being funny . Her daughter is hilarious also & so is Doug & his fixation on finding `` Mermax '' . I thought Nancy 's character was great again & did n't portray her as being so promiscuous & not very moral as I thought Season 3 did . I found myself enjoying Nancy again & Silas is now a very handsome young man . They could have left out the masturbation of Shane over finding naked pics of Nancy as a very young woman . To me , there is nothing ever funny about a situation like that & too over the top . Stuff like that should n't even be portrayed , never funny & repulsive even . My fav character of all is still Celia . MANY funny scenes of her drug addiction & she should win an award for her character . I found myself marveling how GREAT Mark Louise Parker -LRB- Nancy Botwin -RRB- looks for being in her mid 40 's . She 's had to have work done & what a magnificent job . She looks naturally young enuf , face & body , to pass for a woman 20 yrs younger . In one scene without any makeup she almost could have looked 19 . Maybe she 's never tanned that pale skin , idk , but kudos to her , she is the best looking 40 something woman I 've ever seen . Her body looks like a teenagers . Ca n't imagine Billy Crudup dumping her for a much younger Clare Danes , she has nothing over Mary . And to think she 's had at least one child , unfreakinbelievable ... . This season is a must see . I was n't sure if I wanted to continue watching after the bust of S3 , but now I ca n't wait for S5 . Also like the addition of Nancy 's father-in-law & her new mayor drug cartel boyfriend . Andy & Silas are still a good addition & Shane too , minus the naked pics of Nancy . This is one of the best shows on tv !
 I am totally satisfied with my purchase , I received the weeds dvd in 2 weeks . the item was wrapped perfectly . I am a hardcore weeds fan and would have paid any price , but I was very pleased with the price online as it was cheaper to buy through amazon than it was to buy in australia . thanks
 for my favorite tv show . Yes , this season was a major departure from the original premise of the show , some people may be put off by how different it is . It 's more violent , more disturbing , and much more intense . But it had me on the edge of my seat during almost every episode and I loved the new additions to the cast , specifically Demian Bichir . Mary-Louise Parker was phenomenal , and I loved the direction Andy 's -LRB- Justin Kirk -RRB- character took . There is still humor , but it 's much less zany . My one criticism is what they did with Doug - he simply does n't fit in well outside of Agrestic . But Nancy 's progression from small-time dealer to a player in a Mexican drug cartel and its moral implications whose fascinating to watch , and Jenji Kohan turned in a terrific finale , as usual .
 I do n't see how anyone can only give this show one star . This season was definitely different , but it was about time they headed off in a new direction . The characters all had a fresh start in season 4 after most of Agrestic burned down . There are some really funny subplots and big surprises along the way . Many times I found myself wondering what the hell Nancy was doing and how could this possibly turn out okay for her in the end ? But that only added to the suspense and my enjoyment . My only true criticism was that Conrad and his family were not accounted for . I hope they make a comeback sometime in the future to stir things up !
 The first time I watched weeds I didnt like it . For some reason I watched another episode and absolutely fell in love with it . I now own seasons 1-3 and have just preordered season 4 -LRB- which I have already seen on showtime -RRB- . The cast is great . I really like Kevin Nealon 's character , absolutely hilarious!If for some reason you are having doubts as to buying this season , believe me , it is as good if not better than the other 3 . I would encourage you to start from season 1 -LRB- which is also cheap on amazon.com -RRB- so you can see all the character development . Season 4 is great on it 's own -LRB- it was the first season I watched prior to buying 1-3 -RRB- but watching the other 3 first would make it even better !
 In Season 4 ... oh so much happens . Nancy and her family moves from Agrestic . Silas grows up A LOT ... and so does Shane . Nancy has moved up in the business and made some serious connections that potentially could end poorly until alas that last moment of the last episode , just the way I love Weeds ! Season 4 will keep you watching , glued to your TV . Ca n't wait til I can watch again : -RRB-
 Other than the weak spot , for me , of having Nancy romancing a man who uses violent henchmen to run drugs and also puts her over his knee , this is a pretty strong season of hilarious dialogue , wacky situations like Doug and Andy trying to be coyotes , the marvelous Elizabeth Perkins tearing it up every minute she has on screen as Celia Hodes , a star turn by the wonderful Albert Brooks as Nancy 's father-in-law , and a new location
 I really wanted to rate this 3 stars but in all honesty I 've got to make it 4 stars . This is because I keep telling myself that this show is stupid and ridiculous and only an idiot would watch it . Then , of course , this idiot is there the following week taking in the newest episode after swearing that the week before was the last time with this show . If I were not now watching the newest season , 5 , in exactly the same way , I might be able to make myself believe that season 4 was no good but c'mon , even I 'm not that thick.This is a bizarre season . We leave suburbia for good with the usual cast of characters and take up residence near the Mexican border . So Nancy now is living much more like an outlaw and no more like a soccer mom . Nancy becomes involved with a Mexican drug lord and is as over her head as she was when she was involved with the rogue DEA agent . I have never really understood why Nancy had to go into dealing drugs as her employment when she found herself stranded in suburbia as a widowed soccer mom in season one but 4 seasons in , I 've given up trying to understand any logic or reason to the characters in this show.Coming as no surprise is the character who has grown and grown with each season is her brother-in-law Andy -LRB- Justin Kirk -RRB- . I say this is no surprise because the two people on the show with substantial success in other -LRB- deeper -RRB- work are Kirk and Parker herself . Kirk was the main character on both stage and screen for ANGELS IN AMERICA . Parker also had a big part in ANGELS IN AMERICA . That show walked off with just about all the Emmys the year it came out . It was the poetic masterpiece about America in the time of AIDS.Celia -LRB- Elizabeth Perkins -RRB- remains the most witchy , caustic , non-mom , non-wife , non-worker in the show . If everyone seems to fall in love with Nancy , they fall in hate with Celia . She is the Nancy antidote.Shane as the bright kid who has to grow up in this bizarre environment , remains strong on the show . As usual , he seems more like the parent to Nancy than the child.The other , usual characters from prior seasons seem more peripheral this time around . They seem to be just along for the ride and it might be better to just jettison them all together.I 've always liked Parker , Kirk and Perkins as actors . I viewed all their other work as more substantive than this but there must be some reason I keep watching this show . Maybe it is just that I like seeing three very talented actors from stage and screen slugging it out in one outrageous situation after another week after week .
 I love this show . You 'll love this show . Mary Louise Parker gives another stand out performance . I always plan on watching 1 episode a day . But then cut to me finishing out the whole season in 1 day . it 's that good .
 Great show , obviously you know that if your looking here at it , it came packed well and shipped fast buy it !
 Dope dealing gets pretty risky when you 've pushed the wrong buttons.Weeds is a great show and If your a fan you have to add this to your collection
 A must have series . On the lines of Sherman Oaks if anyone actually saw it -RRB- . Hats off too showtime . I only wish i could find the Sherman Oaks series on Amazon .
 Weeds is one of the best shows I watch ! It is so addicting and enjoyable . The story is great and the characters are fun to discuss and watch . The price is relatively inexpensive and the dvds are in great condition . A must have for any weeds lover !
 The video is in good quality and DVD was shipped in 3 days without having to pay for extra costs . It was hard finding Season 4 at any department store , book store or electonic store . You 'll definately enjoy season 4 it flys by and you 'll be tired the next day cuz you stayed up all night watching ENJOY
 I started watching this show as a distraction and got hooked . The characters are evolving and changing so you just have to start with season 1 . Plus , the star is HOT .
 Love love love this series and this season is no exception . The story line is always fresh and exciting . Save the San Acitos Dirt Shrew !
 One of the greatest shows on TV and now I can watch it any time I want !! The best ever !
 Another fun , crazy , exciting season of Weeds . High entertainment value with interesting characters who never fail to keep the show moving along .
 Jenji Kohan and anyone that is apart of Weeds is AMAZING !!! What talent !!! The writing is phenomenal ! The actors are sensational !! I ca n't get enough of this show ! I just wish I had Showtime , but unfortunatly I have to wait till the DVDs come out ... Definitely worth the wait !
 Yea . I was looking at some of the shall we say not so satisfactory reviews and decided it was necc . to write this review . Its the same old weeds just evolving , as a `` weed '' does . Lol . I dont see any darker directions or doug not any funnier than he has been . I still love doug 's character , celia 's too . Celia has evolved tremendously . For the story line i think its all changed for the better . Its began to just be bigger than what it was as it grew better . Great show ! Great cast ! Love it ! P.s. . We know how sylus and shane 's stories to watch now . Ill always be watching . Its never looked better than all of them on blu ray . Which i own .
 I 'd never seen Weeds on Showtime but my daughter has all 4 Seasons ... I am SO hooked on the show ! Great casting , dialog & storyline . Each episode ends with a cliff-hanger so you want to watch the next one to see what happens.I 'M STILL WAITING TO GET SEASON 5 -- PRE ORDERED LAST CHRISTMAS ! WHAT 'S THE HOLD-UP ?
 The season does n't matter , it is simply one of the best shows on television ! Showtime really trumped the competition with this series . I will have season # 5 added to my future releases list on Amazon shortly . All the seasons are wonderful and offer terrific TV story linesGRAND SLAM !
 I wo n't say too much , because not much needs to be said . If you have loved any of the previous seasons of Weeds , you will love this one , too . It changes perspective a little , as they are no longer in the suburbs , but the social commentary follows them to their new home . If you 've never seen this show , you need to . If you 've seen it , you should own every season on DVD , including this one !
 Another highly entertaining , well written series of Weeds . Has n't lost any of its appeal .
 All of the WEEDS seasonal series are great entertainment . Would recommend beginning with season 1 as the plot thickens with each season . If you are a `` little boxes on the hillside '' kind of person ... pull up a chair !
 I am totally and completely happy with how fast and easy Amazon is on ALL my orders and I LOVE the video !!!!!!!! I Ca n't wait to receive my next order !!!!!
 Whole new town ! One of my favorite shows . I ca n't wait for the next season !
 I had to get season 4 , since I had the 1st three . I do n't think this season was as good , but season 5 is really looking good !
 Weeds is the best show on Television !!! I can not get enough of it!I can not wait to get this season and watch it over and over just like the others.The whole cast is just perfect !!
 weeds is one of the best shows on television and its greatness continues with season 4 . this is a slower season with the episode cliffhangers being more cerebral and character driven rather than shocking or thrilling as in the previous seasons . It is also a lot darker but also zanier than the others . When you watch this season more than once a lot of the troubles you have concerning the story arcs or the new direction will disappear . You will find that this was a logical step for each character and what they all go through seems natural for them , yes even Celia 's story . Overall , its a great new start and leave plenty of room for this show to get even better.The Season 4 DVD set includes the episodes : Mother Thinks the Birds are After HerLady 's a CharmThe Whole Blah Damn ThingThe Three CoolersNo Man is PuddingExcellent TreasuresYes I CanI am the TableLittle BoatsThe Love Circle OverlapHead CheeseTill We Meet AgainIf You Work for a Living , Then Why Do You Kill Yourself Working?If you are a long time fan of Weeds then this season will be right up your alley . I dont think you will find it disappointing , I didnt .
 IMHO S3 lost it 's way and just got too silly.S4 is much better and hopefully S5 continues that way with the right mix of drama ... humour etc.that the first 2 seasons had.I would like to go on and on but other reviewers have already done a good job with their synopsis . : -RRB-
 I love this show . every season becomes diriter and more depraved than the last.This season in addition to the rampant drug culture and treachery we get oedipitical masturbation , an affair between nancy 's son and a cheese shop owner and Mary Louise 's twins on full display . Only in America ! or perhaps in Russia too .
 I also enjoyed season four and will be ordering season 5 very soon . Good clean fun with Marajuan as the subject . Well acted and very entertaining . I recomment this for adults , expecially those raised in the 60 's .
 Came within a couple of days of ordering , was in great condition , could n't expect better .
 Already 4 seasons , and still great entertainment to watch these unlikely but likeable characters amongst other human weeds ...
 This show is amazing . From the cast to the script everything is done unbelievable well
 Love weeds , love blu ray ... what could be better !? The show seems to be getting a little out of control but season 5 brought it back I thought ...
 This is not so much a review of Weeds as it is an observation about Amazon practices.I 've thoroughly enjoyed every season of Weeds that I 've seen . Season 1 when I had Showtime and seasons 2 and 3 on DVD purchased here at Amazon . Curiously , lately when I 've placed something in my cart to be purchased at a later date , the following day or so the price increases signifcantly as was the case for season 4 . When I placed it in my cart 2 days ago it was $ 9.99 but today it shot up to $ 19.99 . I 've removed it from my cart until I see a price drop . I guess the solution is do n't delay !
 Season 4 has a lot happen in it and it also looks very good and clear on blue ray .
 AMAZING SHOW ... GREAT 4TH SEASON LOVE EVERY CHARACTER ON THE SHOW ! CA N'T WAIT FOR SEASON FIVE
 A lot of people did n't like Season 4 of Weeds , but as someone who watched all of the seasons in a 2 week time frame , I do n't see where all the criticism comes from . Yes , it is different but is n't that what keeps us coming back ? The show has to evolve or it would get old . I love the Mexico connection and all the new characters . After watching Season 5 , it does appear Season 4 was more an introduction of the new storyline and then Season 5 takes it to the next level.As a mother , I am a bit uncomfortable with the storyline of the oldest son 's involvement in selling the drugs - but other than that Weeds is just a great show that is high on the entertainment spectrum . Mary Louise cracks me up - cool under pressure and Kevin Nealon is at his best . If you have never watched this series , get all seasons and enjoy the ride !
 I enjoy the weirdness of a suburban soccer mom becoming a pot baroness . If you have been watching the series you already know what sort of trails she has to go through . I like this on blu-ray as well having just bought a player . Enjoy highly recommended .
 realy liked the show , was nice to watch when the boys where at school or sleeping , always kept me wondering what was next . !
 Great ! Wrapped in plastic when this arrived , like brand new . I 'm glad I did n't pay full price for a season like this at the store .
 Every season , same story . That is
 I love the main actress in this show . She is amazing and the show is funny . I would n't recommend it for just anyone .
 Love the entire Weed series . Nancy and her family can find always find themselves in a different situation everyday . Love the changes to come .
 I felt like Weeds took a very strange turn in the latest season I watched . Season 4 is a major departure from a simple suburban mother doing what it takes to support her family . Now , Nancy gets involved in a major drug running operation , while the characters on her periphery go in all sorts of different directions . Some of these sub-plots driven by her family and friends were witty , others maddening , and just a few were ridiculous.The storyline is interesting and near impossible to turn away from , though . I felt that some elements were a little implausible - not that a person expects total realism in this sort of show . The ease of slipping back and forth across the border , for instance , not to mention the speed at which Nancy 's relationship with Esteban unfolds . This season also dropped a big bomb at the end.Without giving anything away , it definitely turned the show in an interesting direction , but seemed a bit contrived . I have very mixed feelings , but I think season 4 is good enough to make longtime fans and newcomers like myself keep watching .
 I LOVE weeds ... I was a little thrown off when I got this season though because it 's not produced through showtime . . It 's actually labeled `` Maple `` I did n't notice a difference but I still was n't as satisfied .
 great season , however i have my suspicions from the buyer . opened it and the disc holders were falling apart . i think it was open already and i bought it &#34; new &#34;
 Good show . Funny too . I 'd recommend watching it to most anyone .1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
 I was waiting for this movie to come out in dvd for a long time and I always loved Brian Dennehy .
 WRITTEN BY BRENDA MUMFORDHAS ALWAYS BEEN ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES-SO GLAD I WAS ABLE TO FINALLY GET IT ON DVD . HAS A GREAT STORYLINE , CAST IS GREAT LED BY THE ALWAYS AWESOME BRIAN DENNEHY WHO IS MY FAVORITE ACTOR OF ALL TIME . A LITTLE PIECE OF MAYBE UNKNOWN INFO
 Came fast in good shape . I have not had time to watch it yet
 Man saw this movie a long time ago and it 's a classic . This is a great story of how one would stand up and others joined along .
 This was a `` manufactured on demand '' product and the quality of the packaging is first rate . The quality of the film transfer itself is quite lacking , which is to be expected for such an obscure film from the '80s , but it is good enough . The film is your typical `` good guy vs. bad guys '' revenge movie , but it 's fun . If you like watching WWE events , you will probably like this as well .
 This is one of those films that is something of a walking contradiction . Some of the acting is not exactly top shelf . The story line is a little weak . However , in my opinion this is one of the two best performances that Jan Michael Vincent ever gave . He is backed up by a very good cast of outstanding character actors . The music sets the stage for the suspense and the action is good without being grisly . This may not be high art , but it perhaps serves a higher purpose . When you come home from a brutal day and you do n't want to think ... you just want to be entertained ... see the downtrodden guy win ... see someone beat the odds ... put this movie in your player , unplug your brain , crack a cold one , lean back and enjoy the ride . It 's stress management at its best and , in the end , a well made , `` feel good '' movie .
 Dated but a great `` make you feel good movie '' slow at moments but the `` high energy scenes '' make up for it .
 I could not find this movie anywhere , and I looked and looked for it on the internet , even on Ebay , then I finally found it on Amazon , and I am so glad I did . It was my favorite movie when I was growing up , and the service I recieve was fast and the quality was good
 It 's a shame that this movie is so relatively unknown and barely seen on TV anymore . Anyone who is a fan of gritty , urban flicks set in NYC in the '70s and early '80s -LRB- `` Death Wish , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Gloria , '' `` Fort Apache , the Bronx , '' etc. -RRB- should definitely check out 1979 's `` Defiance , '' starring Jan Michael Vincent as Tom Gamble , a merchant seaman who is forced to reside in Manhattan 's Lower East Side until he can find employment on another ship . As it turns out , the Lower East Side -LRB- or `` L.E.S. '' as it has come to be known over the years by its actual residents -RRB- is run by a vicious street gang known as the Savage Souls , and it is n't long before Gamble and the Souls are at odds with each other , culminating in a brutal -LRB- and very realistically-staged -RRB- fight between Gamble and the gang 's leader in the hallways and stairways of a housing project . As a Puerto Rican who has lived in Manhattan all of his life , I 'll be the first to admit that there are hints of prejudice throughtout the movie
 Why is it that other less works get a dvd release and this does not ?
 I saw this on cable TV many times , I even had it recorded on my DVR box , until the hard drive went out . I was glad when I saw it finally available on DVD . I 'm puzzled though as to why it was released on a DVD-R format . I 'm sure that this film was popular -LRB- at least in cult status -RRB- , to warrant a release on standard DVD . The film print that this was copied from looks kind of grainy at times -LRB- the version on cable looked a lot sharper and richer -RRB- , but the overall sound is good . I 'm just glad to finally have it on DVD , period .
 This movie really impressed me . Here we get to see Jan Michael Vincent in his prime fighting against the odds against predatory gang members . This movie has a cult following for good reason . It 's a gritty portrayal of a vigilante pushing back against violent criminals and standing up for marginalized people who too often are helpless victims .
 Saw this on HBO when I was 16 , Loved it ! the scene where the old punch drunk fighter , Wacko , puts his trunks and robe on and wraps his hands to go fight the gang broke my heart , even though they snuffed him out he got in a few bombs . This is the movie hollyweird needs to remake , not all the comic book / super hero crap . Trust me , everyones sick of all that . Remake this movie and give Jan Michael a cameo , he could use the help . Cheers ...
 I cant for the life of me figure why this movie isnt on dvd yet?Its such a good film.Its a good vs evil and the good wins in this one.One of my favorites.Please release it on dvd '' '' `` Update '' '' '' '' - Wow its on dvd.I cant believe it.I bought two of them just in case.Its one of my favorites .
 Of course , this movie is supposed to be an action . But the movie boasts more then just fighting . The story behind th action is what supportsthe entire movie . There are many parts where there is fighting , yet you keep your mind focused on the actual thought of the movie and what itis about . Personally , I thought the movie would have done better asa drama , rather than an action , and that is it 's ONLY fault .
 Gritty late 70 's action flick . And yes , NYC WAS like that back then!Where is the DVD release ???
 just about any show u put jan in to . is usually a hit . i have been watching his career since the seventies . great actor . i felt sorry for him with addiction to alcohol . i know what the struggle is like because we both share . it has taken many years for me to slow down to almost nothing .
 Baker battles corruption yet again in this worthy follow-up to Walking Tall . All the elements for a classic 70 's redneck revenge picture are here
 `` Framed '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- was legendary film noir director Phil Karlson 's first film after the gargantuan success of his 1973 biopic of Tennessee Sheriff Buford Pusser , `` Walking Tall . '' In `` Framed '' , Karlson continues the theme of revenge which has dominated his body of work since the early 1950 's . His masterpieces include `` Scandal Sheet '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , `` Kansas City Confidential '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- and , of course , `` The Phenix City Story '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- . `` Phenix City '' is a fact based biopic , along the lines of `` Walking Tall , '' about the murder of the Attorney General Elect of the State of Alabama . Long considered Karlson 's greatest achievement , it was made prior to the sentencing of those involved in the Attorney General 's murder , and greatly affected the outcome of their trial . `` Framed , '' compares well to Karlson 's best works . Karlson always worked on a limited budget . Like Samuel Fuller and Don Siegel , Karlson was a talented and resourceful filmmaker whose films are often more than they seem . On the surface , Karlson 's films appear to be violent exploitation pieces . But , they are much more . Each of Karlson 's efforts , particularly the ones mentioned here , are morality plays . Their protaganist is usually a morally just man who wanders too close to immorality , and pays a price . Gambling is often featured as the tempting vice in Karlson 's films and `` Framed '' is no exception . Joe Don Baker -LRB- who shot to stardom with `` Walking Tall '' after several successful supporting roles , and who became the first actor to receive $ 1 million dollars for a television series - `` Eischied '' -RRB- stars here as a small time gambler who owns a bar with his girlfriend , Connie Smith . Following a successful out of town game , Baker is robbed by an unknown assailant and then nearly killed -LRB- in one of the most graphic scenes in any Karlson film -RRB- by a crooked Deputy Sheriff responding to the scene . In self-defense , Baker kills the officer . Proving , once again , there is corruption at every level of the legal system , Baker is sent to prison by a corrupt District Attorney , a corrupt Judge and a corrupt lawyer . There 's even corruption at a higher level that will ultimately be revealed . While in prison , Baker meets a powerful mob figure , and thereby sets in motion his revenge . Vigilante justice is often also a theme of director Karlson 's . With or without a badge , Karlson 's protagonists carry out true justice in spite of the law , while gaining revenge for themselves . They are ultimately heroes because they can be seen as protectors of the `` little people '' who are downtrodden by the corrupt hierarchy . `` Framed '' also contains another Karlson trademark
 You do n't have to believe in conspiracies to know that this could really happen . I 've seen few movies more down and dirty than this one . Believing bar owner/gambler Baker has witnessed something he should n't have , a corrupt politition sends him to prison and steals a big bag of his money for killing a police man/assassin who attacks him in his garage -LRB- a wild gruntin ' , snarlin ' , bloody brawl -RRB- . When out the cops keep harrassing him , but along with some mafia help -LRB- john marley -RRB- he seeks payback and is willing to kill everyone involved if he has to ! Joe don tears up the screen with his charisma and continues the big redneck `` bubba '' on a rampage for revenge tradition ! There 's a lot of halorin ' because joe don 's a whoopin ' ! You would n't want to be standing in the guy 's bellbottoms that receives a special delivery from baker 's size twelves ! A great film up there with the original walking tall . 16x9 picture and sound are above average
 As tough a film noir specialist as he was in the 50 's ... Karlson ignored this part of his MOVIESELF in the early 60 's in search of more mainstream success which eluded him . UNTIL WALKING TALL . That film is rough and pretty brutally violent too , but THIS PHIL 's swan song is even more violent and even more resonant . The story which is film noir cookie cutter , becomes much more through Karlson 's direction and the the screen play -LRB- again by Mort Briskin who wrote WALKING TALL -RRB- into an indictment of the entire criminal justice system , all politicians , the sadistic prisons , the twisted legal/political entwining which DOES INDEED make the justification the film patent . A late masterpiece from a sorely under-rated director who influenced QUENTIN TARANTINO -LRB- RESERVOIR DOGS ... SEE THE `` EAR SCENE '' IN FRAMED w / cast OUT-OF-CHARACTER PAUL MANTEE -LCB- Robinson Crusoe On Mars -RCB- -RRB- and probably every Italian director of crime thrillers at the time too . Great performances from ALL in this cast . Especially surprised to see WALTER BROOKE -LRB- the religious fanatic in WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE as a cowering and cowardly Senator under black mail by Baker 's character -RRB- . BUT former Dead End/East Side Kid GABRIEL DELL IS AMAZINGLY sardonic and terrifyingly cold hit man . Look also for Elvis `` MEMPHIS MAFIA '' bodyguard turned backstabber RED `` Sonny '' WEST as a prison guard . And ADD Brock Peters ' helpful COP and John Marley 's great prison MOB BOSS ! WHATTA GREAT MOVIE!Also try and watch HELL TO ETERNTY which is as serious and indictment of the Japanese Interment Camps and the war as exists . Phil Karlson was one underrated and ahead of his time director .
 Framed was an exceptional movie starring Joe Don Baker . Filmed in Nashville it was well written and as usual Joe Don Baker performed a life like performance . He should have won awards for his acting and been more recognized for his work . I really am a fan of his . Bettye Clark
 i have always thought this was the one of the best of joe don baker films . it is a great action film with a story of injustice and corruption how one man fights it . it also a story of camraderie and loyalty and friendship along the way . joe don exacts his revenge against the politcians who sent him to prison.he sees they get what they deserve . the quality of the dvd is excellent in both sound and picture . i highly recommend it for who like a story of revenge for those who think they can get away with whatever they choose .
 Saw this in the theatre back in 75 . Hard hitting crime movie about corrupt politicians.Baker gives an outstanding performance !
 Conny Van Dyke was on the Merv Griffin show singing . What a voice and she could do imitations too . Although the movie was made several years ago , it still holds up today . A picture perfect transfer and an entertaining film . A lot of action and Joe Don Baker is the male lead . An action movie with a good storyline . I was surprised that it is on DVD now .
 i was secptical at first when i heard wwe was weleasing a Big Show dvd ... but once i watched it i was very pleased . the documentery was very good -LRB- but does talk too long about nuckelhead -RRB- . very good match selection.not the best one ever ... but not the worst by far . definitly worth checking out .
 The Big Show
 Short Review
 yep!only rvd and rey mysterio 's out do this one.it didnt have a book.so i had to randomly try discs until i get it right.i ended up writing my own book.this dvd ranks high on my list because its full of really good matches.ones ive seen and like i mean.the undertaker and shawn michaels videos were sorely lacking in that area.dvd 1-big show 's life story.sometimes funny , sometimes touching , very interesting.after the story is a bunch of backstage stuff which is really funny.he 's really good at impersonations in case you didnt know.then there was some feats of strength.you 've got to see em to belive em!one thing that made me mad though was after show had given all these heart felt compliments out to all the other wrestlers , triple h talks all kinds of trash on the show.he makes fun of his size , calls him fat , makes light of his diabetes , and worse.he tells story after story about times he 's purposely sat and made big show mad just for something to do on a plane ride.he tells stories where big show falls and is hurt or breaks a chair and thinksits hysterical.its a good thing he 's a gentle giant and not a mental giant or he 'd put triple h 's $ $ % ^ & ^ & * -LRB- in a sling and then cook up a comedy routine about that.dvd 2 ... vs hulk hogan -LSB- monster truck sumo match -RSB- -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- . pretty good if you 're into monster trucks.vs hulk hogan -LSB- title match -RSB- -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- . this is the famous story of him being champion on his first night in wrestling.vs ric flair -LSB- title match -RSB- 6 starsvs sting -LSB- title match -RSB- 7 stars -LSB- awesome ! -RSB- vs lex lugar -LSB- title match -RSB- 5 stars -LSB- very average -RSB- vs stone cold -LSB- guest referee : mankind -RSB- 6 starsvs undertaker -LSB- title match -RSB- . this one has a really crazy ending ! -LSB- 7 stars -RSB- vs rock vs triple h -LSB- no dq triple threat -RSB- -7 starsvs kurt angle -LSB- big show is dressed as hulk hogan -RSB- 6 starsvs brock lesnar -LSB- title match -RSB- . unbelivable power by brock ! 6 starsvs rey mysterio jr -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- . show uses rey as a club while he is strapped to a stretcher!the ball?the steel ring post!vs eddie guierro -LSB- us title match .7 stars.i didnt expect much from this match but eddie pulled every dirty trick he could.it was very entertaining!plus the ref gets crushed badly!vs lumber jacks -LSB- 8 stars-CLASSIC -RSB- . big show comes to the ring during a lumberjack match and takes on all 14 of them by himself!vs kurt angle -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- . there was just no following that last one up!they are probably in chronological orderdvd 3 ... with kane vs lance cade and trevor murdock -LSB- tag team title match -RSB- -6 stars.he 's being held back!this guy shouldnt even be in tag team matches because he should be the unstoppable champion ever since the 90 's . vs triple h -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- . show has a giant cast on his broken hand but fights anyway.vs rob van dam -LSB- new ecw extreme rules match -RSB- - -LSB- 7 stars -RSB- . rvd can make anyone look better.vs sabu -LSB- new ecw extreme rules match -RSB- -7 stars.also a great one.WHEN I SAY `` NEW ECW '' I MEAN THE WWE RUN ECW NOT THE WRESTLERS EDEN RUN BY PAUL HEYMEN , THE REAL ECW.vs floyd money mayweather -LSB- weigh in -RSB- .5 stars.pretty normal but ends in a fight , as always.vs floyd money mayweather -LSB- no dq match -RSB- . -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- this was the one from wrestlemania.i was afraid it wouldnt be on here because this dvd sets are allergic to having high profile matches on them.but it was!vs kofi kingston . -LSB- 5 stars -RSB- . when kofi came out rvd had been underground for some time.i thought maybe kofi had been trained by rvd . because he 's an awesome flier and an awesome kicker too.i used to call him the `` black van dam `` vs rey mysterio jr -LSB- ic title match -RSB- 6 stars -RSB- . with chris jericho vs dave batista and rey mysterio jr -LSB- 6 stars -RSB- . vs miz vs triple h and hbk vs cm punk and luke gallows -LSB- triple threat elimination -RSB- .5 stars.an average match that could have been far better.normaly in the wwe they have a triple threat match which is different than a 3 way dance.in a triple threat match whoever gets the first pinfall or submission wins.the ecw had the 3 way dance.in it , whenever someone loses , they leave and everybody else continues.this is called a triple threat `` elimination '' match which actualy makes it a 3 way dance.vs cm punk/luke gallows / and joey mercury -LSB- 3 on 1 handi cap match -RSB- 5 stars.i have to say this dvd set got above average and stayed there.i have 5 of these dvd sets.it is better than the undertaker dvd set by some.it is waaaay better than the shawn michaels video in which they basicly took everything special he ever did and made sure it wasnt included.i would rank it behind the rey mysterio set because i like dazzling , mind blowing , high fliers more than the crusher style.i would definately rank it behind the rvd set because that one gave me everything i wanted and more.another thing i didnt like about the non-giant sets was how they left out a lot of stuff people remember them for.this one had only a few exeptions.1-when lex lugar racked him2-when kevin nash power bombed him3-when he won the 2000 royal rumble although rock is still credited with it to this day.4-the end of the 2004 royal rumble where he held his own against the 5 man team of kurt angle , chris benoit , john cena , rob van dam and chris jericho5-the sumo match vs ahkee bono6-that time he made a microphone disappear in his handand thats really about it.so theres a huge amount of good stuff on this dvd set.i 'd say go ahead and buy it.it 's great fun .
 I have bought many wrestler specific dvd 's over the years , most I have rated three stars or less , this is a five star dvd no doubt about it . Most of the time when I buy a dvd about one of my farvorite wrestlers the match selection is terrible because which ever wrestler it may be the Undertaker for example wins about half of the matches on the dvd . Another negative about wrestler dvd 's is too many of the matches are of little or no importance . The Big Show A Giants World does not have these problems , as this dvd has the best match selection I have ever seen , and The Big Show actually wins most of the matches -LRB- 18-3-1 -RRB- . The matches on this dvd are also some of the most important of The Big Show 's career these include , 5 world title wins , 2 world tag team title wins , 1 united states title win , and some successful title defences . If your a Big Show fan this is must have dvd . If I could I give it ten stars .
 When I heard that WWE was releasing a Big Show DVD I was very skeptical at first , but after further review I am pleased to say that this was put together very nicely . For the most part the match selection was done well but I would have preferred to see more matches from WCW . A lot of the matches were enertaining and had a pretty good pace to them . I was expecting to see a lot of slow paced action but I forgot how well the Big Show could work . The only complaint I really have for this 3 disc set is the fact that the bio was only an hour long ! It was a good watch and I learned a lot about Paul White , but they should have extended the bio to atleast 2 hours . They lightly skimmed over his days in WCW which really hurt this DVD . Disc 1 features some good special features which somewhat make up for the lack of bio . All in all I would recommend this DVD to any wrestling fan .
 WWE hit a home run with this DVD . Everything I wanted . I personally like the Documentaries on the WWE releases . Even if the do 10 DVD releases on one superstar , it would be nice to have a documentary on them , even if it is the same one with updates . I can watch the documentaries 10000 times and never get sick of them . Anyway this DVD had it all . Great documentary and great matches . If you like The Big Show this is a must have .
 came in perfect condition no dents or dings love the big show has a good number of matches if you like big show buy it !
 I just received my copy in the mail this morning but I did n't open it until I got home . I watched the first 2 disks so far , and I must say this is good WWE DVD and a the first WWE dvd I have purchased in in a few years . I enjoyed how they told Show 's story from WCW transitioning into WWF and how he had a few setbacks and the early years of his life . I did enjoy watching some of the matches during his time in WCW I found it kind of crazy how he rises to the top so fast against guys like Hulk Hogan & Ric Flair . I think the match selection on here perfectly chronicles Big Show 's career from past to the present good job on the match selections WWE .
 He 's the largest athlete in sports entertainment , a multi-time champion , an TV star and this is a 3-Disc set highlighting Paul Wight 's life growning up and what 's happened during his time inside and outside the ring.We see how he grew up in a small town and how from an early age he started to get bigger and stronger than other children around him , even at one point he broke a backboard at a school while playing basketball , causing this school to suspend him . One of the best parts of the documentary was when they talked about the tumor in his brain that caused Giantism and how if he did n't have it removed then he would die . This removal led to him having to change how he ate and worked out and how things he found so easy before were a lot harder without the gland in his system . There 's also him talking about how he was a car dealer before he realzied he needed a better job to get to a better place in life.Enter pro wrestling where Hulk Hogan discovered him and his training at the WCW Power Plant caught the eye of guys like Triple H and William Regal who marveled at his size and shocking agility . This agility was shown in various clips of his WCW run , including hitting dropkicks from the top rope , also that in his first match on PPV he won the WCW Championship from Hulk Hogan . While he was large and impressive it seemed he was never really used properly , mainly due to backstage politics.They showned his shocking debut at St. Valentine 's Day Massacre was shown and he was also very open and honest about how he was not very happy in his early WWE days . Mainly cause since he was never allowed to develop in the ring in WCW so he did n't really know what it took to have a great match when he debuted in WWE . They discuss how his October/November rivalry with the Big Bossman brought closure to the death of Wight 's dad a few years back , pretty touching stuff.We hear how Stone Cold Steve Austin 's injury at Survivor Series '99 led to Show being put into a Triple Threat with Rock and Triple H and that he won the WWE title , but he admitted he got lazy feeling he did n't need to try since he was on top . This led to him being booked as someone who impersonated various superstars and characters , which were funny but kinda sad too . Since he had gotten lazy he was sent to OVW and he talked about how that opened his eyes to how he needed to work and train harder.He returned and had good rivalries with The Rock and namely Brock Lesnar , they even showed how they broke the ring on an episode of Smackdown . He discusses how traveling on the road is tough especially for his size , thus he bought a tour bus which made road life easier to endure . After he left in December of ' 06 , he got more serious about his training and this led to a return and match against boxer Floyd Mayweather at Wrestlemania XXIV . We also hear about how he branched into action roles and his real life wife talks about how she knows he loves wrestling but would like to see him not be so hurt all the time.Matches-WCW Halloween Havoc ' 95 , Sumo Monster Truck Match , vs. Hulk Hogan
 I really enjoyed this dvd . The documentary was very well described and down to the point . The match selections were ok . Almost all of his matches he wins in which is a good thing . They put all of his world title wins and most of his great matches . This dvd is well worth getting .
 This 3 disc set turned out much better than I had anticipated . The lack of the WCW matces really do suck . The documentary portion was nicely done , however , the lack of depth with inside stories of rivarlies/matches was disappointing as well . Even though it did lack WCW matches I was pleased somewhat with the matches on hand since it had the likes of HHH , The Rock , Stone Cold Steve Austin , RVD , etc. . . overall not bad but could 've been much better ...
 This is a rather charming coming of age movie charting the escapades of three loveable rogues , The Nerd , Bad-boy and the Buffoon . The 1970 's are wonderfully recreated here , and reminds me somewhat of my youth , its well acted and keeps an slight emotional pull and a constant flow of smiles and chuckles rather than huge laughs . Its . . well , its just very well acted , made and written , without pulling up any trees , its just . . nice . I have no idea how this will translate to American audiences , but erm , did I mention its nice-ness
 I saw this movie in a theatre in London in April . By British standards , this is one of the greatest films to come out of that country . As for any America who is weary of British movie quality , like myself , this is honestly one of the greatest movies I have ever seen . If you are at all familiar with the works of Ricky Gervais , then you can only expect some of the best entertainment . This movie is deep , it 's moving . Ricky Gervais tends to do comedies , but this movie really shows his talent as a director and actor . I do n't want to sound like a cliche , but this movie really did make me laugh and cry . My friends and I talked about this movie for days .
 I am not a huge Ricky Gervais fan but I do hail from the town this is theoretically set in and so decided to rent it . I have to say that I found it hugely enjoyable . The prevailing attitude that you worked at a factory or for town 's the large insurance company was absolutely spot on even 10 years later when I was the age of these characters . I thought that the acting was fantastic and I loved the characters of Julie 's mother -LRB- a frumped up Emily Watson -RRB- and especially Sgt Wyn Davies -LRB- Steve Speirs -RRB- who plays the sort of police officer who can really change lives . My only gripe was in the choice of locations . The real Cemetery Junction is way , way too busy to be a practical choice of film location , I can see that , but the choice of such a rural setting made it look far too `` choclate boxy '' to fit the story line of three boys desperate to escape . Even then , Reading was a large , busy town with little similarity to the town centre the boys are seen striding through and Cemetery Junction itself is and was a run down area of narrow streets and tiny brick terraces . Other than that , the period detail was fantastic - the inside of my house was scarily just like Freddie 's . And why oh why do n't we have `` Crazy Horses '' by the Osmonds on more sound tracks ? The world could be a better place ...
 This was an engaging story on the class conflict , on self hatred , on hating one 's parents , on being a teen ager , on blaming one 's background versus doing something for oneself , on taking responsibility versus excusing onself ... All done with a light touch.I only wish Gervais and Merchant had more than a small role as characters.Gervais and Merchant are not at their acid , stinging best . Rather , their humor is muted .
 I thought this was a really enjoyable movie . It was a really touching film about wanting to break out of where you are and I think most people can relate to that . I think Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant proved with this that they can give birth to more than just hilarious babies . Being a huge fan of them I did n't want to be disappointed and I was n't .
 THIS IS A GOOD FUNNY BRITISH MOVIE . I DO N'T HAVE ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY , SO I WILL FILL UP THE BOX SO I CAN POST THE REVIEW .
 I bought this mainly because Ricky Gervais was in it . And wrote the film , and directed the film . And I am a huge RG fan . Although it definately was not mainstream , it was worth the view and the money paid for it.Loved the acting , and of course , the time frame , which was the 70 's . Music was great , esp . if you are from `` that era '' as I am .
 Kind of a feel-good picture that I found more than entertaining and well-shot all the way through . Gervaise is in it but only as a secondary part . The movie is probably better labeled drama , though it 's got a comedic undertone . I had no regrets about seeing this picture and I 'm glad to see the Gervaise/Merchant team is more than a one trick pony .
 I 'm a huge Merchant/Gervais fan , and was really pleased with this effort . Something different , but still really good laughs , some feel good moments , and a very good , not quite excellent movie .
 We Americans watched this movie on New Year 's Eve and were so blown away , we would have stayed up to watch it a second time had we had less wine . This movie just goes to show how much music defined our lives on both sides of the pond in the 60s and 70s , how it created the drive for something - anything - more , the heat of all that drive , and the fearless show of emotion . And for once - finally - someone put Led Zeppelin on a soundtrack -LRB- they did actually mean something to many of us -RRB- . The performances all were brilliant , Tom Hughes a stunner in every way . Loved this movie , adored it , made my heart yearn for my youth .
 I recently rented this from the local store , they had only one copy . It was under some Hollywood formulaic blockbuster dud , of which there were dozens of copies . I thought that this film deserved to be the main attraction . The narrative had both the depth of human growth through pain and change with some lovely humor that lightened the seriousness of the storyline considerably . It left me with the satisfied sensation I experience following an entertaining film . I am recommending this film to my more mature friends .
 I just stumbled across this movie while on Amazon.Sure glad I found it.The only warning I have is that you must enjoy and understand British comedy and period films .
 We have all seen this story before , but the storytelling is so fluid , it 's like sitting in a warm bath . Brilliant performances by all the cast and remarkable post production . I plan on buying this movie and enjoying for years to come .
 4.5 starsA very enjoyable coming of age film , Cemetery Junction has all the best sides of Gervais and little of the worst . He and co-writer/director Merchant hit the ultimate tv comedy home run with the original and best BBC Office , but have since done little to match it . Gervais ' movies and comedy have been rather cheesy , such as The Invention Of Lying , and he 's seemed to be slipping into star mode and missing the sharp workingman 's edge that made The Office so superb . Yet redemption is at hand in the form of this wonderful little character study.Hollywood probably used the excuse of CJ being too British for US release , but the truth is it 's also a little too good compared to most romantic comedies coming out over here lately . This film has everything they do n't
 Gervais and Merchant prove that their combined Midas touch works as well on the big screen as the small . I had tears in my eyes from laughing so much it hurt , and also because they just know how to create those emotionally poignant moments between characters that send shivers down your spine - as anybody who has seen episode 12 of ` The Office ' and the Christmas Special of ` Extras ' will already know . Everything about this film is perfect , and the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . Buy it , and love it .
 It 's 1973 and three young small-town Brits look into their dreams for the future and see very different things . Snork , the dork , would be blissfully happy if only he could -LRB- a -RRB- find a girl to love him and then -LRB- b -RRB- someday rise to the rank of Station Master of the Cemetery Junction railway station . Bruce is too consumed with anger to care about love , career or happiness ; he just wants to hop a train and get as far away as he can from the dad he 's never forgiven for letting his mom get away all those years ago . And then there 's Freddie . What Freddie wants most fervently is to not end up like his dad -LRB- Gervais -RRB- , sleepwalking his life away in a dead-end job at the local whatzit factory with nothing to show for it . At first Freddie thinks the answer is putting on a suit and tie and following in the footsteps of his new mentor , -LRB- Ralph Fiennes -RRB- , who escaped Cemetery Junction years ago to run a life insurance agency and now lives high off the hog . But , for the moment at least , dreams are taking these three lovable clods exactly nowhere -- it 's just joyless workdays , then a pub crawl , usually followed by a bar fight , followed by release from jail the next morning , and perchance a friendly reminder from dear old Granny that `` you 'll never amount to anything , '' just in time to start the whole cycle over again.Then fate intervenes ... in the form of a besotted waitress , a kind-hearted codger copper , and a grieving widow who causes Freddie to see the light and set an escape plan in motion.The three young stars -- Christian Cooke , Tom Hughes and Jack Doolan -- are all terrific -- as are Felicity Jones -LRB- who starred in `` Northanger Abbey '' -RRB- as the little girl with big dreams Freddie has loved since he was 12 and the brilliant Emily Watson as her beleaguered mom . Matthew Goode makes a pretty good bad guy . Lovely story , well cast , well told and highly recommended .
 Actor/director Ricky Gervais returns to the director 's scene alongside longtime friend/writer Stephen Merchant -LRB- both who have previously worked in BBC 's `` The Office '' -RRB- in a coming-of-age story of three British teens in 1973 and inspired by Bruce Springsteen 's song `` Thunder Road '' . VIDEO : `` Cemetery Junction '' is presented in 1080p High Definition -LRB- 2:40:1 -RRB- . Picture quality is well-done as detail of the 70 's exteriors are well-captured . I will say that the overall look of the film and Gervais and Merchant explain their goal in achieving the '70s look and growing up in Reading . Certain scenes show off a lot of color , from Freddie 's blue shirt or blue eyes to the reds that are seen during the dance sequence . Granted , I do feel that the dance sequence seems more modern than 1973 but that was probably my own personal quirk.The film definitely looks great on Blu-ray , although there is one scene taken place when Freddie and Julie are in her film developing room in which there seems to be some experimentation on video and it seemed as if there was globs of artifacting but I think that it was more of a psychedelic experiment with red lighting and filtering . But that was probably the only scene that caught my attention and made me wonder if there were problems video-wise . Blacks are nice and deep in certain scenes and for the most part , picture quality is well-done . AUDIO & SUBTITLES : `` Cemetery Junction '' is presented in English and French 5.1 DTS-HD MA and in English-Audio Description Track 5.1 Dolby Digital . The film is primarily dialogue driven but there are some parts , such as the factory in which your room is enveloped by the sound of machinery and the LFE and surround channels are kicked up a notch . But aside from that primary scene , the film is center and front channel driven and what shines about `` Cemetery Junction '' is its soundtrack which features music by Elton John , David Bowie , Led Zeppelin , Bruce Springsteen , Roxy Music and Ralph Vaughan Williams.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Cemetery Junction '' comes with the following special features in high definition , English 2.0 and subtitles in English : * Commentary with Writers/Directors Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant - Audio commentary by both directors Gervais and Merchant with optional English subtitles . Gervais and Merchant talk about the film and also explain how they wanted to capture the 1973 and how , outside of London , these areas were not 1973-definitive since towns still looked as if they were several years behind . * Cast Commentary with Christian Cooke , Tom Hughes , and Jack Doolan - Featuring the audio of the three main characters of the film . The commentary features optional English subtitles . The cast talk about their experiences while shooting the film . * Deleted Scenes - -LRB- 13:38 -RRB- Featuring ten deleted scenes . * Blooper Reel - -LRB- 13:42 -RRB- Featuring outtakes from `` Cemetery Junction '' . * The Directors
 For those who are unfamiliar with the names Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant -LRB- which if you are drawn to this DVD I doubt -RRB- they were the creators of the original BBC version of The Office . Once I heard about this movie about a year ago I was excited to see it , it being Gervais and Merchant 's first film outing as a team . Since it was a direct to DVD release here in America that wait was extended slightly since it 's Theatrical release . But the wait and hype has been rewarded with this coming of age story.Just like the BBC 's Office where this film succeeds is in showing the subtlties of human interaction - this is n't really a spoiler , it does n't give the plot away but ... there 's a scene about halfway through the film in which we witness the annual `` Winner 's Ball '' . This is a function the company the protagonist works for holds every year . The honorees of the Winner 's Ball are new salesmen and retiring ones if it is to be assumed that the Winner 's Ball in the film is a typical one . And here 's why I 've been prattling on/setting up this particular scene because it exemplifies the subtlties of human interaction - The boss , Mr. Kendrick -LRB- Ralph Fiennes -RRB- is giving a speech to an employee retiring after 32 years of service what he says to the retiring employee is banal platitudes and the employee answers back Mr. Kendrick in a matter of fact detached way . But it 's the body language that sells the scene and lets you in on what is really being said . The boss cares nothing about this employee and the employee in turn looks to be in no mood to celebrate his career but rather keep up appearances . That in a nutshell is part of what makes this movie great . What is unsaid and implied is what is gripping about the film . And when you juxtapose that with irrevrently funny moments through out that is what makes up the majority of this film . If you have seen the BBC Office this territory should be familiar -LRB- if not I highly recommend watching that as well -RRB- . My only complaint with the movie is the ending . It 's a perfectly fitting one but you can see it coming from a mile away so it seems anticlimactic . But ultimately the ending is satisfying and seems relatively authentic so it works -LRB- This is hard to say without giving anything away , but there are a couple of scenes leading up to the predictable ending that touched me on a deeper level . So for my personal tastes I would have rather had them re-order the scenes toward the end where the typical end was shown before some of the lesser characters resolutions but I understand the choices the filmmakers made ultimately . That was just my personal reaction to it . -RRB- Other than that the script is great as I expected . The direction is n't stunning but does n't drag the movie down either . Apart from a few good shots the direction simply exists ... neither good nor bad . The acting from a mostly unknown cast was great as well.All in all , this is a funny touching movie well worth your time and I hope the first of many funny touching ones from the great team of Gervais and Merchant .
 This is a great DVD because there are so many different ways to use it . You can watch it normally -LRB- which is a treat -RRB- , or you can play all the animation sequences in a row -LRB- my 2-year old loves that -RRB- . My older children like to play the art-only mode . And I love the soundtrack , which is featured here as well . This is just a great piece of multimedia that allows the whole family to enjoy it . I 'm glad someone finally gave us not just extra trailers , but more uses in a DVD .
 My kids and I really enjoyed this video . It reminded me of a little kids Fantasia . It was beautiful and relaxing -- a good wind down before sleep thing ! Very impressive !
 My kids and I just finished watching the tape from beginning to end . WE LOVED THE MUSIC and the art work . AWESOME ! If your kids love the Baby Mozart and Einstein tapes they will enjoy this tape as well .
 I received `` For the Love of Art '' as a gift . My 3-year-old son who is quite active and really into trains almost always picks a very active video to watch but when asked one day recently to pick out a video for some quiet time `` For the Love of Art '' is the one he picked !!! It makes me feel good that he actually wants to watch something so good for him .
 i got this as a baby shower gift and it 's all i give to my other friends now . it is the best baby video out there . so soothing and wonderful art and great viewing for adults too . my 18 month old loves it . i ca n't wait to play it for my next baby . if you want to educate your babies , this is the tape for you .
 Baby Laureate 's `` For the Love of Art '' is an exceptional work for young children -LRB- and parents too -RRB- . They beautifully animated classics from throughout visual art 's history . Your children will be intrigued by the use of color and motion and maintain their interest because of quality content including live action video clips , lovable characters , and pleasant music . Buy one for every parent you know today !!!
 Finally , someone got it right !!! It 's only taken years of poor quality , basement productions for someone to finally step up the the plate . Parents , this video is a lifesaver!Why It 's Great : It 's actually educational . It 's void of those ridiculous toy close-ups and cheap puppet shots -LRB- how is that supposed to make my kid smarter -- looking at toys ??? -RRB- . No more tinkly baby piano music . No annoying sound effects.This video is gorgeous . Amazing artwork that actually animates on screen , sort of like a connect-the-dots or intricate puzzle . It 's not only dazzling for kids , but keeps parents entertained as well . They must have actually tested this on adults too , because for once I actually look forward to watching it with my kids.The music is a full symphony version of some of the best classical music out there . The tape is worth getting for the soundtrack alone.My older kids got more out of the art -- at least , they can talk anyway -- but my baby practically jumps out of her skin when Star comes on screen . Great host.I highly recommend this video .
 Best DVD ever ; my son loves it . Great for parents to view too . Narrator talks to star . Live action scenes of children in park painting . Simply wonderful .
 This video presents gorgeous artwork in a creative way - moving images that sweep across the screen until it is filled . My children recognized the artwork from `` Goodbye Moon '' and others were new . My two boys , 3 and 20 months , love this video and it keeps their attention with lovely art , colors and music . I love to watch this video because it is so beautiful ! I would have rated it higher except for `` Star '' . Star Laureate seems to be disjointed from the art and does n't present the artwork . My children love star anyway . I highly recommend this video .
 My 4-year-old son has autism and this tape has been a miracle for us . It 's the only thing that captures his attention . He actually sits and focuses for more than 20 minutes ! He interacts with the screen in ways I have never seen . He especially loves the Fish section . I have come to treasure the time we spend together watching this tape , as it 's one of the few ways I really feel I 'm connecting with him . Bless you Baby Laureate !
 I bought the Little Laureate 's for the Love of Art in February this year after reading all the reviews and I 'm glad that I did . This is still the only dvd that can capture my 20-month-old daugther ; she has been watching since she was eleven-month old and she is still watching today . The production is more tasteful and sophisticated than Baby Einstein . None of the other DVDs -- Baby Einstein , Baby Prodigy or Brain Baby could keep her attention , not even five minutes ; I 'm glad that I did n't spend $ $ $ to purchase the Einstein DVD series because the production is so cheesy and cheap . I borrowed the other Litle Laureate 's for the Love of World Travel from a local library but my daughter did n't like it as much . I highly recommend it .
 We got `` For the Love of World Travel '' as a gift and liked it so much , we bought this one as well . We are delighted that it 's just as good . My kids are captivated by the art and animation . This is truly one of the best tapes out there . I highly recommend the Baby Laureate series .
 ... get this tape . It is so much better ! The music is a symphony version that includes all the mathematical good stuff that stimulate brain cells . I personally ca n't stand the canned nursery music on other tapes . The animation makes watching it a joy . We have seen this already about 20 times and I 'm not sick of it yet -LRB- a miracle -RRB- . I ca n't recommend this enough . I 've been waiting for a baby video that got it right , and this hits the bullseye .
 Do n't get me wrong ; this video is good ! The music is great , the artwork is lovely , and parents can enjoy it even though it 's been played 100 times . However , the artwork/music presentation is like a piece of choreography that was overworked to hit everything in the music and ended up being less-than-pleasing . And then the makers slacked on editing the scenes/sounds of children talking and doing art . Also , each peice of artwork shown includes print of the title and artist on the lower corner ON the artwork -LRB- not off to the side -RRB- , interrupting the enjoyment of the art . The print is very small and hard to read -- really distracting . Since the artists and titles should be shown somewhere , why not put that information at the end ? This video tries but is n't quite the standard of Baby VanGogh .
 I am a nanny and the youngest child is just two . The family has several Baby Einstein videos and we enjoy at least one of them every day but when I saw the Baby Laureate 's for sale , I thought it would be fun to try something different . The two year old loves it and today when she and I were watching it , the 9 and 10 year olds came in and watched with us . We all got something different and wonderful out of it !
 My 2 year old son loves this video . He gets very excited especially for the mascot character Star . It 's very cute to watch him interact with something so educational . The art is wonderful too ! Highly recommend .
 My 4-year-old son has autism and this tape has been a miracle for us . It 's the only thing that captures his attention . He actually sits and focuses for more than 20 minutes ! He interacts with the screen in ways I have never seen . He especially loves the Fish section . I have come to treasure the time we spend together watching this tape , as it 's one of the few ways I really feel I 'm connecting with him . Bless you Baby Laureate !
 My 4-year-old son has autism and this tape has been a miracle for us . It 's the only thing that captures his attention . He actually sits and focuses for more than 20 minutes ! He interacts with the screen in ways I have never seen . He especially loves the Fish section . I have come to treasure the time we spend together watching this tape , as it 's one of the few ways I really feel I 'm connecting with him . Bless you Baby Laureate !
 This is a great DVD . The music and animation is outstanding . My kids like it better than Baby Einstein . Very enjoyable from a parent standpoint as well .
 We own every kids DVD on the market , and the folks at Baby Laureate have outdone everyone with this release . It 's a wonderful presentation with the best art and music I can remember seeing , my kids love it , and the DVD has great extra features like being able to play different cuts of the movie . I highly recommend this to anyone with kids !
 This is a DVD my 14 month enjoys , and I actually like to watch it too . We have almost all the Baby Einstein DVDs , which I like , but this is much more abstract . Instead of `` silly '' - their term - puppet shows and toys moving to music , you experience art broken down to its very basic component shapes , and your child can see how a circle is the foundation of a Van Gogh or a triange the building block of a Matisse . Many great works of art are presented for your child , and a title is provided for Mom and Dad should they not recognize the piece -LRB- which is likely at times unless you are really well versed in art -RRB- . The music is not `` specially performed for little ears '' on synths , like Baby Einstein , but is a full orchestral performance , much better for my ears . There are also live segments with children , which my little one enjoys as much as the animated segments.The only downside is the lack of additional features . You pretty much get the main feature or a version with just art or just animation . There is also a music section , but it simply shows the title while playing and is not very stimulating . Baby Einstein 's earlier productions have `` flash cards '' so you can practice vocabulary and reading with baby , and I wish Baby Laureate had something similar . Still , this DVD is one of my very favorites to watch with my shorty , along with the other Baby Lareaute title , Love of World Travel . We highly recommend it .
 I 'm thrilled when our two year old goes to the DVD cabinet , pulls this out and says , `` I want Star ! '' Of all the DVDs in our library for our two year old , I prefer this one head and shoulders above the rest . In fact , I enjoy it myself . Unlike other childrens ' DVDs , this is wonderful even if it 's just playing in the background while the children play with blocks in the next room . The classical soundtrack is refreshing first thing in the morning . And the artwork ! I 'm glad that my child is being introduced to the beauty of Van Gogh and Picasso at a young age . It 's very well done and the artworks chosen are appropriate and enjoyable for children , even including one from `` Goodnight Moon '' , one of her favorite bedtime books . The only flaw might be that this is thirty minutes long . My two year old does n't object to that , but when this DVD is over I find myself playing it again . I wish there was a 60 or 90 minute version for grown ups !
 I LOVE this video . My 6 month old loves it as well ! She will sit and watch the entire 30 minutes without a peep . The music is fantastic and the artwork is amazing . Unlike other videos , the music is n't annoying to me . I could listen to the music over and over -LRB- which we do -RRB- while getting things done around the house while she is watching the beautiful artwork . The fact that the music and artwork presentation is choreographed so that the art hits the beats in the music is great!This video is so much better and more appealing than the Baby Einstein videos . I do n't feel like I am watching a home video of toys filmed in my basement , like I do when I watch the other baby videos out there.I am pleased that there is a video that both my daughter and I can enjoy . Introducing her to such beautiful artwork at a young age will be much more beneficial to her than watching a toy duck being pulled across the screen . I highly recommend this video !
 Simply wonderful and different . A creative approach to learining . It `` shows '' the viewer how to look at art . Kid friendly but not simpering.We love it . Bought `` World Travel '' too . For the Love of art is still our favorite . Ca n't wait to see what Baby Laureat comes up with next .
 I discovered this DVD through my Moms Club , and I have never been so impressed with a video . I have a 12-month-old , 4 year-old and 9 yr old , and they all love it . Sometimes I play the DVD just for the amazing classical score as lovely background music . And every time I turn it on for my kids , I find myself sitting down to watch just a bit and watching the whole thing.It is a video meant to be watched * with * your children . We talk about what we see on the screen , what 's coming next , colors , shapes , animals ... I suppose if you use your VCR as a babysitter and just plop kids in front of it hoping they 'll be mesmerized , you should pick a mindless , noisy alternative . But if you want to expose your children to gorgeous works of art with color , texture , pattern and a rich pallete of music , educate and inspire them , this is a wonderful teaching tool . The best I 've found in this medium in fact .
 I got this from my mother-in-law and have never been so happy with a video for small children . Instead of the mind-numbing , non-educational stuff you see on the other tapes , this video is well-done , highly engaging and has wonderful , stimulating content . Good television watching habits begin with you . What are you showing your baby ? Even 5 minutes of this tape is a wonderful addition to your family 's home educational plan . Art , classical music , movement , colors , shapes . For the Love of Art = perfection .
 I am a second grade teacher with a 2 , 6 and 9 year old , and this series is by far the best I 've ever seen ! It 's got a broader scope than other tapes , there 's more concrete educational material , and the production quality is just AMAZING . I got the DVD -- along with For the Love of World Travel -- for my 2 year old , but my older kids even like watching it . I HIGHLY recommend this series . It far surpasses everything else on the market ! Five Stars !
 My entire family loves watching these videos ! The art is amazing , the music mesmerizing ! I have both titles by this company and hope they make dozens more ! Thank you for a great product !!
 We own them all -- Baby Einstein , Baby Genius , So Smart -- and Baby Laureate is by far the best baby video out there . The production quality is outstanding . And my kids are mesmerized . It 's such great educational content as well . I highly recommend this video ! You wo n't be disappointed !!
 I have a 2 and a 5 year old and they just love this video . They have the other baby video series as well , but this one is their favorite . My 2 year old asks for the `` star '' movie several times a day . It makes me feel great to know they are watching great art rather than just kiddie stuff .
 everything was exactly as I hoped it would be . Dvd 's arrived in a timely fashion , good shape and I would use this experience to order from here again .
 My Wife and I just finished season three ... excellent ! it took some warming up to Ziva since we liked Kate so much , but she actually is a good character so far . She 's a very different character than Kate which is good , just replacing Kate with another `` Kate like '' character would not have been a good move . We 're looking forward to season four .
 I got the product I purchased and in a timely manner . The had one small stratch from handling but nothing to make me regret my purchase THANKS !!
 This completed my set of all the available NCIS seasons . Love the series . Cost is very reasonable on Amazon . Better than WalMart in most cases .
 Now I have the series to date and when season 8 comes out I will purchase that too ! It is great to see people acting like real people instead of politically correct drones ! They have found the perfect group of actors for the character dynamics . Mark Harmon is great -LRB- they all are ! -RRB- . Abby and Ducky are some of the most interesting characters in a long time -LRB- Have always loved David McCallum -RRB- . Hope they stay on the air for a long , long time !
 I started watching NCIS about a month ago and am now an NCIS addict . I had stopped watching tv all together for a while and the one day that a basketball game was n't on to entertain me , I ended up channel surfing and found NCIS on CBS . The cast of the show really make it worth watching . There 's humor , action , suspense throughout the entire show with almost no lulls to make you think , `` Why is this even relevant ?? '' Anyhow , I really enjoy the new episodes on CBS , but what I really enjoy is the fact that there are 7 more seasons that I have never seen . I purchased season 3 , because of Season 's 8 episode showing some of the cast members past experiences and thought it would be a good place to start ... oh and I totally love the introduction to Ziva . She is AWESOME along with everyone else . Great buy and totally look forward to purchasing the other seasons that I have missed .
 I bought this for my daughter to complete her collection . She is enjoying it immensely . Good service as I have always had from Amazon .
 Have loved NCIS from inception . It never gets slow or loses it 's cutting edge and humor . I think the humorous aspect , along with the interaction between the cast , is what has kept the fan base so loyal .
 At first , I thought this would be a run of the mill CSI type serial . But , I liked the cast of characters and story line . Very engaging .
 What can I say . Who does n't like NCIS . It is in a league all by itself . Even my 15 year old granddaughter gets excited when I buy another season of this series .
 This is by far the best criminal investigation show out there . The characters are very good , and the show never dies down . It 's never predictible and there are so many twists and turns . One of the best shows out there !
 The third season is the best season yet & should not be missed . The new character Ziva David is a hoot . She 's a breath of fresh air as she adds a new dimension to the quirkiness of the existing cast .
 This show always leaves you wanting more ! The way the characters interact with each other is wonderfully funny ! I love N.C.I.S and i ca n't wait for the fourth season to be ready for sale !
 NCIS is my favorite show currently on TV . I love just about anything that Don Bellasario does . My mom is bed ridden and only watches DVDs & tapes . NCIS is also one of her favs aswell .
 Mark Harmon and a great cast makes for one of the best series on TV . If you are a fan of suspense , drama and even a bit of comedy you should add this to your collection .
 This review is more on the actual Dvd 's of season three . I love the quick turn around ! I do wish the extra 's were better . The best one was the `` Gibbs slap '' montage . For those of you asking for Spanish , this season has Spanish audio that has to be selected under the Audio section . It also has a `` play-all '' feature ! Yea ! Of the three seasons , three has been the best . This show just keeps getting beter .
 well first of all ncis rules !! i adore all the heroes , the story and especially gibbs !! Its not just a normal criminal series , it is funny and keeps you anxious ! buuuuuuut it was really sad that kaite died i liked her ncis will never be the same : /
 NCIS is a great show i love it and Mark Hamital was he self and the others . ca n't waite to get the new seanson 4 when it comming out Love the TV show very much ca n't when the 5 seanson comming to the TV i will be watch.Nancylee
 Excellent delivery and in wonderful shape . No complaints here . I will buy from them again .
 Season 3 is much easier to use because CBS Video has splurged on the Play All function and subtitles . I started to like NCIS with the introduction of Cote de Pablo who looks like a cross between Winona Ryder and Salma Hayek . This is the season with the `` homos on the train '' line .
 Great show ! This is a great show - humorous and thoughtful and action oriented , better than CSI . I love the style and the characters are great - they interact well together and the tone is n't a dark and dire like it is on CSI . Abby is the best ! I wish I had a hippo like hers !
 I have been soo anxious to see episode 8 of Season 3 . . Undercovers . . Now I finally can :-RRB- The item shipped pretty quickly and everything seems to be working well . . highly recommended seller and A + + . . Thanks again !!
 NCIS is the best television to come along for a long time . This series is fabulous and I highly recommend it .
 Loved it ! It was excellent quality NCIS third season DVD set and arrived very quickly.Very happy to finally find the episodes of how `` Ari '' was killed by Ziva ! : - -RRB-
 Fantastic DVD ... hope to buy all the other DVDs . Good price and very quick shipment .
 I am a great NCIS fan , but I had missed some of the episodes . This set allows one to see the episodes in order , in wonderful color and in the time and place one wishes . I enjoyed every minute and , no doubt , will watch again .
 NCIS is my favorite show . This season shows the development of the new agent ... . very interesting ... it gives you a chance to get to know her .
 The third season was definitely a season for change ! If you are truly a NCIS fan , do n't miss this season ! Everyone is great ... and what fun !
 One of the best parts of Season 3 , besides just being NCIS is that they put CC on the DVD 's . I am hearing impaired and the CC greatly increases my enjoyment of the show .
 It is a well-done TV series that can absorb cast changes and continue to deliver excellent shows . NCIS Season Two ended with the shocking murder of Agent Caitlin Todd . Season Three opens with two major cast additions . Cote de Pablo joins the team as the beautiful and dangerous Israeli Mossad Agent Ziva David , while veteran actress Lauren Holly , as Jenny Shepard , becomes the new director of NCIS.The changes put iconic Senior Agent Jethro Gibbs -LRB- Mark Harmon -RRB- in the awkward situation of working in a new agent while getting used to a new boss who is a former love interest . The rest of the team , still grieving for Caitlin , are slow to embrace Ziva but will be won over by her obvious competence , and by her hilarious efforts to master American slang . Wisecracking Agent Tony DiNozzo -LRB- Michael Weatherly -RRB- in particular will find that Ziva forces him to raise his game in a way that Caitlin never quite did.The exciting two-part season opener resolves the still-open case of Agent Todd 's murder . A two-part season ender places Gibbs ' service with NCIS at risk . The audience will learn more about Gibbs ' past while contemplating another season-ending cliff-hanger . In between , the team will handle serial killers , terrorists , and kidnappings with its usual mixture of brisk police procedural and entertaining repartee . Six special features about the making of the show are included in the DVD set . `` NCIS
 The first 3 seasons I purchased , I only missed 2-3 episodes in each season , which was why I bought them , because the DVR is a pain to play &#34; catch-up &#34; on . It would be better though if you can right the title & descriptions down of the episodes in a &#34; preview &#34; sort of viewing , so customers can see if they have seen these episodes or not . The episodes however , are still great , Gibbs , Tony & Abby crack me up !!! Ca n't get enough of any of the NCIS episodes !!!!!
 I was very happy with the new chacters in this third season of NCIS . I have watched it three times over with different family members and enjoyed it each time .
 I LOVE NCIS . This is a great series . The characters are great and do a wonderful job at portraying their parts . This is my FAVORITE show . Mark Harmon is wonderful !!!!!!
 You have to have the complete series . Do n't miss out on a single case . The price is right , so why wait . Get it now !
 This said it was used but you could n't tell . The box had just a little wear on the corners other then that it looked new . Would order from them again .
 The third season introduces Ziva David to the team & Cote de Pablo is great in the part . Her mishandling of &#34; American &#34; English is a source of constant laughter .
 Yes , NCIS is one of my family 's favorite tv shows . We watch the NCIS marathons , when it is on , and now we can watch even when it is n't on .
 Good product and was exactly as described . It came earlier than expected and was in perfect shape . Very good service .
 If you love Mark Hartmon you 'll love the 3rd season of NCIS . As long as he is in every episode you wo n't go wrong purchasing this . I would definitely recommend this to all my friends . I love it !
 We 've got the series - love , love Gibbs and his interactions with the rest of the cast . It 's one of our favorites .
 I am a big fan of all the characters and I think the writing is excellent . I enjoy the sutle humor that goes on between the different characters . I also enjoy the sentimentality that goes along with the respect the show gives our military . It is very rare and unique in today 's Hollywood .
 I would recommend this dvd to other people and it had a great price . It was in excellent condition . good purchase
 I love all these seasons they are amazing . they always come in great condition and very quickly . waiting for the next season to come
 I now have all 9 seasons.I watch them every day before bed.This is the best show ever.I 'd recommend to anyone over 16 years of age .
 Just finished watching 2 episodes ... I love this show and the characters , how they developed each character and how they interact with each other . It 's well written and the episodes have interesting plots/cases .
 TV at its best . I never tire of watching this show but season three has bee one of my favorite .
 NCIS has been a favorite with people at work , so I finally got on board and watched a few episodes . Now I live it ! Tony 's hot , Abby is awesome , Gibbs is smart and awesome , Ducky is like that grandpa everyone wants , and Ziva reminds everyone that women can still kick butt .
 Great series , love it bunches . Purchased it for a gift . Arrived quicker than expected and was well packaged for protection .
 I watch episodes over & over . I know most of the lines but occasionally hear something I missed during the first dozen viewings . Ca n't get enough Dinozzo head slaps ! LOVE the humor . The camaraderie reminds me of my favorite job .
 I am a little late discovering NCIS . I initially began watching the reruns on Directv . Now I watch first runs also . The show and the acting are superb !
 * SPOILER * Killing a main character in the second season cliffhanger is a pretty shocking way to set up a third season . Ending with a bang , literally , NCIS returns with a excellent third season with the right combination of wit , drama , and cast . This is good television . And you dont let good television sit on the shelf too long , so hot on the heels of the release of the Second Season on DVD is the April release of the complete Season Three of NCIS.NCIS is the Naval Criminal Investigative Service , responsible for crimes by and against members of the United States Navy and US Marine Corps . The team of NCIS agents introduced in Season 1 is led by former Marine Leroy Jethro Gibbs -LRB- Mark Harmon -RRB- , a tough no-nonsense leader and interrogator . The team also includes ex-homicide detective Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo -LRB- Michael Weatherly -RRB- , Mossad agent Ziva David -LRB- Cote de Pablo -RRB- , goth forensics expert Abby Sciuto -LRB- Pauley Perrette -RRB- , computer specialist and rookie Agent Tim McGee -LRB- Sean Murray -RRB- , and quirky coroner Doctor Donald `` Ducky '' Mallard -LRB- David McCallum -RRB- . Season Three witnesses the aftermath of Kate Todd 's murder by Ari , the introduction of Mossad agent Ziva David , and increased screen time for McGee and Abby . Harmon again does a knockout job as the lead , with his best work coming in the season premiere , as he grieves over the loss of Kate . Micheal Weatherley and Sean Murray continue to develop their competitive older-younger brother relationship , Perrette lights up the screen as Abby , and David McCallum delivers a refined and dignified performance.Season three began with the two part episode Kill Ari 1 and 2 , which examined the aftermath of Kate 's death and the hunt for Ari . The introduction of Ziva and Director Jenny Shephard -LRB- Lauren Holly -RRB- seemed out of place and awkward considering the emotional tone , and it took five or six episodes for Ziva to be less of a cardboard character and more a part of the team . Her first really impressive episode came with Tony in the solid `` Under Covers '' . Some of the better episodes include `` Probie '' , when McGee shoots a man who turns out to be an undercover cop , `` Mind Games '' , where Gibbs goes head-to-head with a serial killer , `` Bait '' which showcases a great performance by Weatherley . The season-ending Hiatus Parts 1 and 2 are decent episodes up to the last five minutes , which are incredibly rushed in order to get to the cliffhanger of Gibbs quitting NCIS.The Season Three DVD box set contains all 24 episodes in widescreen for a total running time of almost 17 hours . Because of its quick turn-around time on the release , the extras are not as good as Season One , with only a few commentaries and featurettes anticipated . That is the unfortunate trade-off , but given that we get another full season of NCIS on DVD so quickly , its not a bad deal . Fans of the show will quickly snap this up , for those who have never watched before , if you liked JAG , CSI , or Bones , you will like this show . NCIS Season Three demonstrates exactly why this show is such a big hit . The DVD is on shelves in April . Highly Recommended.A.G . CorwinSt.Louis , MO
 NCIS is one of those hidden gems you always hunt for and so rarely find . A great ensemble cast headed by Mark Harmon -LRB- as special agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs -RRB- makes the whole show look so effortless . As with his other productions , Donald Bellisario has created a great group of characters who are so down-to-earth that you immediately see them as almost real . The stories can be far-fetched on occasion , but the real interest in the show is the cast of characters . Ably supported by Michael Wetherly -LRB- as Agent Tony DiNozzo -RRB- , Pauly Perrette -LRB- as forensic expert Abby Sciuto -RRB- Cote de Pablo -LRB- as Mossad Agent Ziva David -RRB- Sean Murray -LRB- as Agent Timothy McGee -RRB- , Lauren Holly -LRB- as Director Jenny Shepard -RRB- , and David McCallum -LRB- as Medical Examiner Dr. Donald `` Ducky '' Mallard -RRB- Harmon acts as team leader and sometimes , stern father to the younger agents under his command.Harmon and McCallum , the two old pros , often show up the younger actors with their seamless , believable performances , but everyone on this show is great . The characters all interact with one another more like a family than a working group , and the loss of one of the main characters at the end of Season Two gave everyone a chance to show their acting chops in dealing with the death of a friend who was more than just a co-worker . If there is a weak spot in this third season , it has to be the addition of Jenny Shepard as the new director . And old flame of Gibbs , there is entirely too much time wasted on fuzzy out of focus flashbacks of their evidently red-hot love affair in Paris , only hinted at -LRB- far too much -RRB- and never really explained . Although Ziva took some time to become more of a fleshed out character , she made a more than adequate replacement for the lost character , bringing a toughness to the group , and more humor with her mangling of English expressions.There is a great deal to like about NCIS , and sadly , CBS has never really promoted this show , spending far too much time on their CSI franchise . NCIS handles odd murder cases , a la CSI , but the humor that rests in the characters interactions -LRB- you 've got ta love a hero whose name is Jethro , and a co-worker with the nickname Ducky -RRB- and the actors performances bring a humanity and warmth to a crime show that is sadly lacking in the glitzy world of CSI . You really start to think of these people as someone you 'd like to meet and talk with -LRB- particularly listening to one of Ducky 's stories all the way through , since he usually gets cut off by Gibbs -RRB- and that you 'd have something in common with them . It gives the show a touch of realism that you so rarely find in TV these days .
 This series has been a class act from the first season . The proof of depth in this show is the loss of a major character at the end of the second season and replacement in the third . This is a great example of an ensemble cast . The actors have created believeable characters . Dialogue sounds like real conversation . Couple this with some really tight writing spiced with some fine humor and you have some excellent television . Story threads run through episodes giving a greater sense of continuity but it is not necessary to view in strict order . I have both season 1 and 2 and look forward to the release of season 3 with great anticipation .
 Ca n't wait get this season.I am a huge NCIS fan.I have watched the 1st and 2nd season aleast 10 times each.I am glued to the T.V.each week watching it and It is without a doubt my favorite show .
 I 'm so glad that the release schedule is speeding up . This is truly the only current series that I simply MUST watch and will buy every season released on DVD . I do disagree wtih the lack of Bloopers , or as the NCIS cast and crew call it , the Michael Weatherly Show . C'mon , Don , Charles , John , please , please , please ... for season 4 ?
 Wow , this series came alive in the third season . Personally , I believe the introduction of the character of Ziva made all the difference . I never liked the previous female foils for the male characters . But Ziva , the Israeli agent , is aggressive , mysterious and has tremendous charisma . This is a great ensemble cast headed by Mark Harmon . David McCallum is adorable as the medical examiner . This is a lighter weight program than the CSI 's or Criminal Minds , but I never tire of it . I even watch this one in re-runs . Highly recommended .
 NCIS changed in third season . . and gotten strongerAt the end of season two , Kate was shot and died . Season three handles her death in the openning two parter `` Kill Ari '' which also introduces the audience to Ziva David -LRB- Cote de Pablo -RRB- and the new NCIS director -LRB- Lauren Holly -RRB- . The change comes in many ways , Gibbs seems harder after Kate 's death and it shows during the season , which builds to the two part season finale `` Hiatus '' ... a cliffehanger to open season four . all the character grew from Abby , Ducky , Mcgee and especially Tony.Most say change is bad , for this show is GOOD and we the audience reap the benifitsBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 It was rough enough for the fans of NCIS to lose Kate Todd by having Ari Haswari snipe her at the end of Season 2 . So , starting Season 3 off by showing Kate 's murder from Ari 's POV is a little rougher . But the two episodes that start off Season 3 of NCIS -- the two part `` Kill Ari '' episodes -- really bring up a subject in this series that had n't been fully fleshed out . Obviously , these two episodes allow the regular characters to come to grips with the loss of Kate -- the irony of Kate 's ghost talking to Ducky and Ducky not talking back to the ghost , the overall story of how the survivors all see Kate . McGee seeing a superwoman , Abby seeing Elvira , Tony being Tony in seeing Kate -LRB- That schoolgirl outfit -RRB- , and Gibbs seeing Kate as he last saw her -- with a hole between her eyes . Just as obviously , `` Kill Ari '' allows for the introduction of Cote De Pablo 's Ziva David , the Mossad/Masada agent liased to NCIS in the wake of Kate 's death and Lauren Holly 's Jenny Sheppard -- Gibbs ' former partner/lover who rose beyond working the field to the NCIS director 's job.But my observation after a couple of viewings of this box set is that the underlying story of the season is the revelations about the history of Leroy Jethro Gibbs . For much of the first two seasons , Mark Harmon 's `` tough , no-nonsense investigator '' -LRB- To quote the liner notes on the set -RRB- has always had an understated sense of humor that has allowed him to smile quitely at the office interaction between the members of the team while presenting his harder face . But that exterior begins to crack in the `` Kill Ari '' episodes ; the mystery surrounding Jethro 's background begins to unfold as Ari murders Kate , then takes his shot at Abby and captures Dr. Mallard . This is what starts leading Jethro to being close to Ziva -- maybe no one notices , but because of the information that she uncovered about Jethro and fed to her half-brother Ari , Officer David feels partially responsible for Kate 's murder.Through Season 3 , we start getting clues to who Jethro is and what he keeps from everyone -- the flask that we see at the end of `` Under Covers '' , his continued attraction towards redheads -LRB- It certainly is no coincidence that Holly/Sheppard is a redhead -RRB- , and the subtleties of his relationship with Ziva -- forged in an oddly shared tragedy . Of course , much of all that goes on in the season comes to a head in the `` Hiatus '' two-parter at the end of the season . We find out why Gibbs is what he is , how many of his actions have prepared DiNozzo for running the team and prepped Tim for being an agent ; and how the discoveries affect his relationship with Dr. Mallard and Director Sheppard.As always since this series started , the performances are stunning . Mark Harmon continues to embody the toughness and instincts of Jethro , but also had to be very nuanced as Gibbs ' painful history comes out.Michael Weatherly 's Tony DiNozzo continued being the second coming of David Addison -LRB- my usual Moonlighting aside -RRB- , but Tony had to face growing up and being a decision-maker/leader -LRB- `` Bait '' -RRB- , and had a difficulty through this season that he had n't had in the previous two -- ZIVA.Cote De Pablo flipped the dynamic of the team . As Ziva , Cote brought a much more formidable presence to the squad . In the first two seasons , Tony could get Kate off-balance with his remarks and his stunts , offending her Catholic schoolgirl sensibilities . In the third season , Ziva -- partially because of her background , partially because it was just HER -- was able to get Tony off his feed more than he thought possible . An example of this -- aside from her driving , or her mangling of slang -- came up in `` Probie '' , when she was able to get Tony to reveal why he was receiving calls from a sperm bank . De Pablo was able to affect a very cool and very canny customer in Ziva . Many viewers are always going to miss Sasha Alexander , but Cote is a wonderful fit.Sean Murray 's Tim McGee is still a wonderful work in progress ; the nerd-boy field agent who continues to get tortured by DiNozzo in a big-brother/little-brother fashion . He still seems over his head at times , eager to please Gibbs -LRB- Or at least keep Jethro from popping him one in the back of the head -- is n't it funny how The Head Slap has become one of the show 's many trademarks ? -RRB- . Plus , there 's whatever seems to be going on in his private life , whether or not it 's with Abby.Of course , what can be said about Pauley ? Perrette is a scene-stealing wonder on screen , especially in Abby 's lab when she 's mainlining the `` Kaff-Pow '' or getting Bert to do what he does -LRB- Her stuffed hippo -- YEAH , THAT ONE -RRB- . Plus , we get surprised by Abby 's ability with duct tape -LRB- `` Frame Up '' -RRB- and her temper in general -LRB- `` Bloodbath '' -RRB- . David McCallum 's Dr. Mallard continues to be the second coming of Jonathan Quayle Higgins , though not as prissy as Robin Masters ' major domo . Ducky continues to tell his stories while working his was through the cadavers . Plus , we get another visit from Nina Foch as Ducky 's mom late in the season , getting a surreal moment when she 's visiting the NCIS HQ.Many people thought the introduction of Jenny Sheppard as fluff . Given the underlying story of the season , Lauren Holly 's character was actually needed . Jenny became an insight to Gibbs ' relationship issues and why he stays operating as an investigator -- basically , she knows certain things about Jethro that his squad are n't privvy to -- though as it turns out , she does n't know the whole story -LRB- Until `` Hiatus '' -RRB- . The good guest shots in this set have to start with Sasha Alexander , and her completion of the Catlin Todd storyline . Her ghost appearing in various forms to the team members was striking -LRB- Of course , her schoolgirl outfit in Tony 's vision was typical Tony -RRB- . Rudolf Martin 's Ari Haswari was brilliant -- slick , dangerous , deceptive and unstable . I found myself regretting Ari 's storyline being completed -- he could have been Wo Fat to Gibbs ' McGarrett -LRB- Hawaii Five-O reference -RRB- . It 's always fun when Jessica Steen drops in to trade remarks with Weatherly as Paula Cassidy . Michael Bellisario 's turn as Abby 's lab assistant is a comical and dangerous turn . Finally , we ca n't forget Muse Watson 's introduction in the `` Hiatus '' episodes as Gibbs ' mentor when he joined NIS , Mike Franks . Franks ' amusement at the changes -- the female director in particular -- are tempered by his having to fill in many of the blanks for Gibbs when Jethro is recovering from amnesia.Ultimately , the season of change that is NCIS Season 3 is a storytelling wonder -- full of the humor and action that has been the staple of the series since it 's beginning , but also the undercurrent of melancholy that permeates this season . The loss of Kate really becomes the latest in a series of painful losses for Gibbs -- but we never realize it until the end of the season .
 I first began watching NCIS -- Naval Criminal Investigative Service during the middle of Season Three . Since then , I have been catching up on the program 's earlier episodes watching and enjoying the first two seasons on DVD . Now I have finished watching the Season Three DVD set , catching up to the point where I first began watching the show.Returning cast members from Season Two include Mark Harmon stars as special agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs , the no-nonsense leader of the NCIS team . Gibbs ' teammates include special agent and former homicide detective Tony DiNozzo -LRB- Michael Weatherly -RRB- , agent Tim McGee -LRB- Sean Murray -RRB- , forensics expert/goth chick Abby Sciuto -LRB- Pauley Perrette -RRB- and Dr. Donald `` Ducky '' Mallard -LRB- David McCallum , best remembered as The Man from U.N.C.L.E. 's Ilya Kuryakin -RRB- , a quirky medical examiner . Lauren Holly joins the cast as NCIS Director Jennifer Shepherd , and Cote De Pablo comes on board as Israeli Mossad agent Ziva David . Ziva replaces Caitlin `` Kate '' Todd -LRB- Sasha Alexander -RRB- , who had been killed by a terrorist at the end of Season Two.The two-part season opener follows Gibbs and the NCIS team as they seek out Kate 's killer . Jennifer Shepherd and Ziva David are also introduced in this episode . `` Kill Ari '' finds Gibbs and his crew trying to cope with the emotional impact of the loss of one of their own . The fact that Gibbs and Shepherd were once lovers , and that she once worked under him , complicates matters further . And Cote De Pablo 's Ziva has certainly become the perfect foil for Weatherly 's wannabe playboy DiNozzo , making for some very witty dialogue between the two.The writing for Season Three is as sharp as ever . The action and drama are great , and the relationships between the characters have grown , making NCIS a lot of fun to watch . The cast members have truly brought their characters to life and made them believable . This program continues to get better with each season.The bonus features for this DVD set include audio commentaries for `` Kill Ari , Part 1 , '' `` Boxed In '' and `` Bloodbath . '' Also featured are several featurettes including `` The Real NCIS Declassified '' -LRB- a look at the real-life NCIS and the work its agents actually do -RRB- , `` The Women of NCIS '' and `` NCIS
 NCIS is one of my all-time favorite programs . The series is quirky and ` hinky ' as their forensic scientist Abby Sciuto likes to say . The third season opens after one of their agents was killed in the line of duty . Revenge on the terrorist who killed her becomes a theme through part of the season . Plus , the agency gets a brand-new female director who just happens to have a prior relationship with Special Agent Gibbs , the leader of the featured NCIS team . Definitely an exciting show with a truly likeable and interesting ensemble cast . These episodes are well worth keeping and watching again !
 as one of their own is shot and killed by the terrorist Gibbs has been hunting Ari . The season also shows how the different NCIS members are dealing with this tragic loss in a two part episode Kill Ari . This in turn leads to the new characters , Ziva David and the new NCIS Director -LRB- who has more than a little history with Gibbs -RRB- . This all blends in well and the new members of the team pick up right where they left off . With all the quirkiness and fun that they have in each show , it only helps to show much the actors/actresses have grown together and it makes NCIS one reason that i love to watch not only this show . But others of the same caliber . I am looking forward to season four as well as the 3rd season ended in a particular way . It leaves a lot of things open for the following season.But it also answers a few questions before the season is up like Gibbs past and how that affects him in his job today . I love all the characters in the show-Abby , Ducky , Dinozo -LRB- sp -RRB- , `` Probie '' , Ziva and the like . As each of them has their various moments throughout the season from killing an undercover cop , to a prisoner dying in custody or a mentally deranged ex-boyfriend that just wo n't go away.Along with some cool special features , NCIS is a show that is best watched from the beginning so that you get the full effect . So buy the 1st seasons and start from there . By the time you get to season 3 you 'll be well versed and know what all the buzz is about . NCIS is the real deal when it comes to TV shows period .
 NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service - The Complete Third SeasonI ordered this set of tv DVDs on July 15 . It came to me in quickness like I have never seen . I have watched the set so often I have them memorized . The quality of the discs are great , the story lines have been written and performed superbly and the team works together like none other on television . Having watched the previous seasons I have discovered that by season three each actor and actress has become part of a family and they work smoothly together to get the job done . There is trust , humor , dependency , pain in loss of a team member , and like any family , there can be competetion with touches of jealousy , but also pride in other team members ' successes . I highly recommend NCIS season three -LRB- and all other seasons as well -RRB- the drama will keep you on the edge of your seat , the humor will uplift you ; death of a team member and the others ' reactions will make you cry ; injury to another team member will keep you wondering what will become of him . Finally I especially like the special feature - the round table -- where the actors and actresses sit around the dinner table answering fans ' questions and displaying the compatabliliy of this special family of friends and co-workers .
 The third season NCIS arrived right away , in excellent condition , and it has been very entertaining . We especially like the added features -LRB- visiting with the cast , etc. -RRB- in addition to the series itself .
 NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service - The Complete Third SeasonGreat show , there is so much more you pick up watching it this way .
 The first two seasons were great . The third and four seasons are even better . Great cast & wonderful acting . The fifth season was somewhat of a let down with the not well explained death of Director Shepard . I am not sure what to expect of the sixth season . We will see if the producers and writers can be up to the challenge .
 great series of ncis . . just finished watching series 1 , 2 & 3 . . will be ordering 5 & 6 soon !
 I am enjoying the 2nd season of NCIS . I have purchased the 1st , 2nd and 3rd season . After I watch , my older grandsons -LRB- 19 and 16 -RRB- ca n't wait to watch . My son-in-law watches after them . Good action and cast .
 I do n't really watch crime series . I tried CSI and a few others but found them boring and gave up . NCIS , on the other hand , I own the first 4 seasons and have already ordered # 5 . There 's lots of action , and lots of humor . I hope they keep making it for 15 seasons or so ...
 I LOVE this series . The characters are all so great . Getting the DVD for the season was even more enjoyable ... no advertisement interruptions . Waiting anxiously for the next season ... on DVD and TV .
 I really like the format that enables a person to play all the episodes without having to go back to the menu all the time to choose the next episode .
 I bought this for my grandson who loves NCIS . He was so tickled . He is collecting the series .
 NCIS is one of the classics in progress . Great character interaction and development along with a good story line in each show provides a great viewing experience .
 I purchased NCIS 's third season as a gift for a friend , who became a big fan this year . We have been looking for quite some time in the usual stores for the Third Season . NCIS is one of my all time favorites , Abby , Gibbs , Tony , McGee and Ziva none better .
 I bought the NCSI DVD 's for my son who is in Afghanistan for a year . Now he has 1,2,3,4 , seasons . He is very happy with the DVD 's .
 I just recently discovered NCIS -LRB- I know - where have I been ? -RRB- . It is just a really wonderful show - funny , intelligent , engaging . This season is better than the previous two , for two main reasons
 Content - Title says it all!Product - Best price , best quality .
 My uncle introduced NCIS to my nieces and I and now we are hooked . My niece purchased this through me and has since purchased more of the series . It is really interesting and even though some things are not realistic it is an enjoyable series especially for those who are interested in crime scene investigations and forensics .
 Great price with free shipping and arrived on time , ca n't beat that if you love NCIS !!!
 This was a great season of NCIS . One cast member was lost , but another one was added and I think that even thogh Agent Todd 's character was a great member of the show , I think that Ziva is just as good .
 this is a solid season with several great episodes . the characterization is some of the best . it 's not quite the same as we 've lost Kate and gained Ziva , but the dynamics and chemistry really develop well . if you like season 1 and 2 you 'll like 3 as well .
 Product came brand new and plastic-wrapped , as stated , but shipping took forever and the status of the shipment was never updated with the exact location of the product . I live in IL and it was coming from IN , so it should n't have taken as long as it did .
 These movies will keep you on the edge of your seat with their investigating . Some of the episodes are better than others but all very good . Some have very unexpected curves to the investigations .
 Got NCIS 3rd season DVDs as a gift for my mom . She loved it and I loved the price and quick shipping !
 I love this product/tv show !! When absolutely bored and sick and tired of the news media and commercials that are too loud I can go to my favorite show , and get away from it all !! Thanks Amazon , for making this possible !!
 This show keeps getting better every season . I came into this show during the 4th season and have bought the 1st 3 seasons all on this site . Season 3 was shipped in perfect condition .
 Great season of NCIS . For me it was the make or break time for the program . Since purchasing this we have watched all seasons of NCIS . Very , very few -LRB- less than five -RRB- epsoides were non-interesting .
 I 've watched this TV series from the beginning and I like when they added the Ziva character which added another dimension to the NCIS team . The writing for this show is always good .
 We love NCIS ! This season gets even better , too . The plot thickens , if you will . NCIS is a must-have for my family , and extremely interesting .
 Received my order in a very prompt manner . Have watched all of the Third Season of NCIS and this DVD was pristine . Would recommend this seller to anyone . The price was 60 % of the ones in the store .
 This season is as good as all of them . Just a GREAT SHOW , that keeps getting better .
 The movies are recorded on the disk system very well . Additional information is very good . CBS did a very good job putting these DVDs together . It is so cool to watch each show one right after the other without the comercial breaks . I recommend this purchase .
 We love NCIC . Its the best series on television . The product came in sooner then expected and as usual , it gets better with each episode and season .
 THis is a perfect collection for the NCIS fan . I bought this as a gift for a birthday and he LOVED it .
 This was a Christmas gift , so appreciate the fast delivery . The product was in great shape . I would order from this company again .
 What is there to say about NCIS?LGG . . slappin the back of peoples 's heads.Abby . . man what a great show.I watch this every Tuesday night , though Los Angles is better .
 I was very glad to find the third season on here because i have all the other seasons but could never find this one . It is very good and excellent to watch clear and good ty Faye
 The DVD was in great shape with no scratches . Anyone who knows NCIS knows this is some great content . Oh Abbey me likey . JK or not .
 NCIS is the best investigative series on television . It combines good investigative drama , humor , and solid storytelling to rise it above other series . Season 3 continues the catastrophic incident from Season 2 and carries that to its conclusion , replaces certain characters , and gains a new footing with the cast that carries it though the rest of the series . The only thing I do n't like is how long it 's taking this series to become reasonably priced . Most places are still asking $ 25 / $ 30 and higher for these seasons , for as old as some of these are that 's just plain ridiculous . Prices need to come down ! - kd5 -
 Amazon is great to deal with and I recommend them to anyone . I usually get the merchandise in two days ! It 's so great to have them on hand when I want to be thoroughly entertained . All season 's are awesome .
 Gibbs does n't disappoint !!! Ca n't wait until I get to the next season . Well worth every cent it cost . You 'll find it very entertaining .
 dvd 's work . package is decent . it is what it claimed to be . I have no complaints about the product . : -RRB-
 I really love the Kate character and was sorry she had gone , but adding Zeva made things even better !! This is a great series and it deserves the accolades it has received .
 one disk from this season was defective . But as I did n't find it until after the guantee period was over , have not been able to get a replacement
 I recieved this item in perfect conditon!It shipped really quick which made my husband extremlyhappy ! Overall I am very pleased !
 We love NCIS and all the seasons are great . Anyone who enjoys the characters will like this season . Beware of scenes in the autopsy room .
 I really have enjoyed every the NCIS season . The Amazon program makes it simple to buy one or the entire season . Plus , NCIS is not offered on Netflix .
 how can you go wrong with NCIS ? well after the &#34; kate &#34; thing , i was a little depressed but still watched . now i 'm still hooked .
 After having watched seasons 1 and 2 on DVD , I needed this set to begin filling in gaps so some events would make more sense . It was good to receive and start watching .
 Our family 's favorite show ! Being able to download it is great when we want to watch a specific episode or to finish off a cliff hanger from an older season .
 DVD was delivered fast and in perfect condition ! Excellent sale ! : -RRB-
 NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service - The Complete Third SeasonVery good quality . Fast shipping .
 This was a interesting season for the show . Everytime you watch the show you learn and see something different .
 I was so excited to have recieved my DVD 's of NCIS . I have watched all the episodes already , and I 'm really happy with the condition and the packaging of the product . Really happy with my experiance , overall.Thank you :-RRB- -RRB-
 It was great being able to lay here and recover from xxx surgery by watching the great team doing their thing ! Keep it coming .
 I was quite reluctant before to start watching this serie , because I exspected one of those `` american-military-hero-crap '' - shows.Fortunately it is not like that at all!Although the stories tend to repeat themselves a bit and it ` s too political -LRB- therefore only 4 stars -RRB- , the characters are very life-like , realistic and funny.It does n`t have the suspense of Prison Break or CSI Miami , but I am really enjoying every episode , because they protrait all characters very credible and with a touch of humor .
 The loss of Kate turned me off ; her replace Cote de Pabloe is a Spock-like character without Spock 's `` warmth . '' Terrible.Of all actors to replace Kate , de Cote or whatever her name is , is the worst possible choice.I 've switched to Bones where the chemistry between Bones -LRB- Emily Deschanel -RRB- and Booth -LRB- David Boreanaz -RRB- is terrific and subtle . Too bad Deschanel was n't available for Alexander 's replacement .
 Product was received in great condition . Love free shipping and the speed of delivery .
 I became a fan of NCIS just this past year , so I am playing catch-up on past seasons . We just love the characters on the show , I love Tony , my husband likes gibbs . He now talks about people he knows , that needs , `` Gibbs-slapped '' !! With each one I have bought thru Amazon.com , they arrive quickly , are in perfect conition and are cheaper in price than anywhere else I can find . As soon as I am done with this season , I will be purchasing the next one !
 Season three is excellent ! And this is one you should have in your dvd collection . All of the seasons are good ! Do n't miss a one !
 NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service - The Complete Third SeasonI received this in excellent condition and very promptly . It cost less than I had seen it in stores and I did n't have to drive 30 miles to get it .
 Recently I have become a fan of NCIS for a couple of reasons ... it was a spin off from Jag and it had David McCallum , from The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , but I have really grown to appreciate all of the characters of NCIS . From the father figure of Gibbs , to the 1st son character of DiNozzo , Zeva who you would never turn your back on , and McGee the ever loving geek . Add Abby the forensic whiz kid and Duckie , who also solves his case , sometimes postmortem , and you have a nice balance of not only plot , intrigue , but family . The matron , Jenny adds a nice balance , making everyone accountable to someone , even Gibbs .
 My mother got my daughter and me hooked on NCIS last year . I must say , Mark Harmon only improves with age ! This is a fun show - creative , written well , engaging characters . I highly recommend it .
 The show is about Naval Criminal Investigations . The writers continually come up with new scenarios and it never gets old . The characters have well-defined personalities and the actors do a great job with these characters.If you are not familiar with the show , check out the reruns on USA or new episodes on CBS and if you fall in love with the show - like I did - then definitely buy the DVDs . You can watch any time you want without the annoying commercials.Season 3 DVDs are the only ones with a `` Play All '' option and closed captioning . It is unfortunate that seasons 1 , 2 , 4 , and 5 do n't have these . Hopefully , they will include them for season 6 . Do the math before you buy . Sometimes it is cheaper to buy the seasons individually , sometimes as a group .
 This season of NCIS is by far , the best . Kate is dead , Gibbs is angry , Tony 's confused about whether or not he loves her , McGee 's still the Probie , so he does n't know how to react , Abby lost her best friend , and Ducky has to preform the autopsy on poor old Kate . Character 's reactions , emotions , and jobs all mix with their lives to create a perfectly wonderful attention-grabbing season.SPOILER : OH !!! And did I happen to mention that Ari 's half-sister , Ziva David , shows up ? Ya . She 's a liason officer . And NCIS Director , Tom , retires . A friend from Gibbs ' past shows up to take his place . He always did have a thing for red-heads . Plus , at the end of the season , Gibbs goes on Hiatus . That 's a play on the episode 's name ... The Special Features take you even deeper into the world of NCIS . The Women , the Real NCIS
 N.C.I.S. is my favorite TV series . I did not start watching it until mid-way of season one . I bought season one to see these first episodes and have bought 2 other seasons since . I enjoy them over and over again . There are no commercials and , thus , no distractions . The cast is terrific and have such a geniune affection for each other that I never tire of watching . My husband and I watch them together . I highly recommend these to anyone and will continue to buy them until I have them all .
 I only recently jumped on the NCIS fan-wagon , and I 'm catching up with the DVD series . What a way to watch it ! The series ranks up there with the best crime dramas ever on television , with the added twist of military protocol and regulations to change things up a bit . The third season introduces what has become the show 's trademark - the black and white sneak peek after each commercial break . The writing and acting here , as in previous seasons , is top notch and the characters feel like real people , if sometimes over the top . Highly recommended to any fans of JAG or other procedural crime dramas .
 What happened with Tony and the plague he was dying from . HELP ! It 's killing me to know !!!!!!!!!!
 We 've enjoyed re-seeing some of the old episodes -- and we can watch them again and again ! Good purchase that we 'll enjoy for years !
 NCIS is an excellent series , but becuase of my buzt schedule I ca n't always catch episodes when they 're on TV .
 NCIS is my favorite show . The set is great the exras are enteresting . I will continue to purchase these shows until there is no more . The quality of the box sets are fantastic . I love them .
 Purchase , shipping , product condition all correct . Content of the 3rd season of NCIS was entertaining .
 My husband was happy to receive these movies as a gift . He watches them all the time . I have to admit , that we watch them right along with him . These movies are full of adventures , and we all love them .
 If you love the show , you will love this compilation from the third season . Great character development and plot lines .
 When this season begins everyone is still trying to cope with the murder of Special agent Caitlin Todd . Some with laughter , some with tears . While Gibbs on the other hand was out for blood . But in the end he 's not the one to take down Ari . Soon after the roller coaster ride also known as season 3 really begins . After the loss on a very important female character , the group gains two more to replace her . In the form of the new NCIS director Jennifer Shepperd , and Mossad agent Ziva David who the team is very reluctant to open their arms to after the lost of Kate . Now why is the best season so far you ask ? That 's cause it 's the season of change and emotions . You learn more about Gibbs background , Tony becomes a very capable leader by the end of the season , Ziva grows into her role , and Tim shows why we can really no longer call him a probe anymore . Not to mention some of the greatest moments the show has had so far . Tony gets framed for murder , Tim shoots an undercover cop , Abby 's new lab assistant tries to kill her , and Director Shepard gets kidnapped . The thing about this season that just makes it so good is it just seems to hit so close to home , a lot more of the cases this season are personal . But I wo n't be spoiling anymore moments from this very memorable season . JUST GO OUT AND BUT IT ALREADY !!!!!!!! YOU WO N'T REGRET IT !!!!!!!!!!
 In two of the audio commentaries they 've paired Pauley with Michael . Michael ruins them with his mindless babble . I 'd really like to know what Pauley has to say .
 Having been in the navy 21 years and counting , I had zero interest in watching any show related to anything about the navy . By happenstance one evening I was channel surfing when I caught a re-run on a cable channel . I have been hooked ever since . This show is great . All the characters are great , the stories are well written , and overall it 's just an extremely fun experience . I highly recommend NCIS to anyone and everyone .
 Season three of NCIS is great ! So much suspense , adventure , excitement , Tony , Gibbs , McGee , and Abby ! Great new characters , though I think that Lauren Holly should have never cut her hair .
 My daughter and her husband just began watching NCIS . They are enjoyed it so much that they wanted to see the a previous season . It was a birthday gift for my daughter so that they could see an earlier season of this great TV show . They are now enjoying this season .
 A friend of mine turned me onto this show . I fell in love with it . At times it is hard to just watch one episode , because you always want to know what is going to happen next . Each of the cast members brings their own style to the show and they work well together . Was glad I found this season on amazon.com . They have the cheapest prices , excellent shipping and it arrives in the time that they tell you . I would recommend this product to my friends .
 This is a great show ! My husband and I are watching the whole series . I need to buy the next season before we finish with this one . Buying them on Amazon is a great way to get the older seasons for less .
 NCIS is one of the few shows that manages to mix intrigue with just the right dose of humor . The characters are strong and the topics parallel many of the things that are currently happening in our world . The third season is no exception . For anyone who is fan of Gibbs and his crew wo n't be disappointed with this series .
 Continuing right where Season 2 left off with the murder of Agent Todd , the team adds 2 new members to their cast . The new director is named Jenny and has a previous relationship with Gibbs and the new agent is named Ziva .
 This is a great series and season 3 has some good episodes . I have all of the seasons except for 4 and 9 .
 Season three opens , with Gibbs going after Kate 's killer , Ari . And to try to throw alot at us , NCIS gets a new director , Jenny Shepard played by Lauren Holly . Now Shepard and Gibbs do have some history , since both were partners at NCIS at one time , also . To proclaim Ari 's innocence , is Massade officer Ziva David . And I 'm sorry , I did n't like her then . And I do n't liker her now , She and pretty much all of Massad is built up like they are the only agents that are extremely tough , they 're unstoppable . So Ziva and Jenny try to convince Gibbs that he 's wrong , and Gibbs even makes the only logical argument against Ari 's innocence . That if he were innocent , he would turn himself in . So , after much arguing , he gets Ziva to follow him . And Ziva kills Ari in Gibb 's basement , And we get each persons view of how they saw Kate in this episode . Now , I would have inserted Paula Cassidy to the team after this . Since there was some obvious chemistry between her and tony , but no . We get Ziva , and she is built up like I said . As this unstoppable , lean mean killing machine . The best of the best , and I 'm sorry , but she 's abrasive and annoying . And I still have a hard time accepting her to the team , Gibbs magically trusts her more than any other member of the team . season three is a good season , and Ziva is the on ; y reason I did n't give it 5 stars . Although season three does end with almost getting blown up , going into a coma . Waking up from that coma , and thinking it 's 1991 . And we get to meet Gibbs 's mentor , Mike Franks . Which leads to gibbs trying to stop a terrorists attack . Only the generals wo n't allow it , and Gibbs ends up Quitting NCIS . All in all , season three is still awsome . Like I said before , my only problem is Ziva . The introduction of a new director , and then Gibbs leaving .
 Episode was good . Never watched NCIS before , and I liked some of the characters . Zac 's part is pretty small and he does n't have alot to do , but it 's done well .
 Love having the Instant View feature on Amazon.com . I have used this feature many times and will do again . Would highly recommend to friends and family .
 The DVD I ordered was in great condition . . But as to be expected the case on the inside had the prongs holding the DVD in the middle , was missing a few prongs . No worries though . The DVD was not scratched a bit and it works fine . Thank you and probably will order again .
 First
 NCIS started off in season one as just a `` filler '' show that I would watch once in a while , then I got hooked . I ended up buying season one , two and three . Although I really hated that they killed Kate off , I felt better when I read that it was her own choice to leave the show . Then , Ziva came along and I love her character . The dynamics between Ziva and Tony are interesting . Then you have Abby ... if you do n't like Abby , you simply should not watch the show . The relationships between the characters make the show fun to watch . Abby / Gibbs , Ziva / Gibbs , Tony / Gibbs , Madam Director / Gibbs , Madam Director / Tony , Ducky / Abby , Ducky / Gibbs , Ziva / Abby ... and that Palmer guy ... . he and the lawyer !!! What is the deal there ... no ... do n't answer . The show has gotten better and better with each season . If you are just starting out as an NCIS fan , buy all three seasons . You will not regret it .
 NCIS continues the tradition of being a great show with Season 3 . A must for fans following the story . Anyone starting at Season 3 would be recommended to start back at Season 1 .
 I have watched and loved the first two seasons of NCIS , and the 3rd season does not disappoint . The story line becomes much more complex , with the addition of new characters and deeper revelation of the characters ' personal lives . They are all very exciting to watch , and the action is -LRB- usually -RRB- not cheesy.I much prefer NCIS to all other `` detective '' type shows out there , for lots of reasons . First , although there are some quite graphic scenes involving violence and dead bodies , it is still quite tame when compared with something like CSI . Also , the fact that NCIS deals specifically with military cases gives it a very different feel from the average crime drama . But , in my opinion , the best part of the show is the depth of characterization . These are not super-cops who are all business and love to show off their skills . These are very believable characters , ordinary people who just happen to work on crime scenes . Although it is never sappy , there are many scenes that are quite emotional , where the characters have to confront an especially ugly crime , or to deal with something from their past.One word of caution
 If you 're a fan of NCIS , then there 's no reason not to get this season . It 's a transition year but , while that 's evident in a few episodes , many moments in season three are priceless and most of the episodes evidence the high quality you no doubt expect from the show.If you 're a newcomer to NCIS , season three is entirely worth watching on its own , but you 'll appreciate it more if you start with season one .
 I especially like the feature where you can choose to play all the episodes and play straight through the DVD . The previous seasons did n't have this option .
 Have found these very good . Thoroughly enjoy the series so neat to have them permanently and go back through them .
 another awesome season of NCIS ! Anyone who has seen season 2 may be afraid of anyone who will replace Kate , but although Kate will always be my favorite ... do n't worry ! This season is as good as any other . If you hav n't seen the previous NCIS I would also recommend season 2NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service - The Complete Second SeasonOr the whole set!NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service - The Complete Seasons 1-3
 If you are weary of trying to catch up on the episodes you 've missed , this complete season solves your problem . The quality is excellent , and the behind-the-scenes peeks are just what the NCIS fan wants to know .
 The price I was able to get for Seasons 1 and 2 was great . The 3rd season price was a great buy and they shipped it very fast .
 he 's witty , self-effacing and introspective . Rare qualities for an astronaut . This is a short , but fun talk from one of the few men to step foot on the moon .
 With each generation there is a core group that feels disenfranchised from the rest , rebels without a clue dead set on believing in a different world where only they are the normal ones . They prefer not to be part of the standard norm , instead creating their own images , words and music to symbolize what it is that is unique about them selves . In the 50s there was the greaser , in the 60s there was the hippie and in the 80s there was the hardcore punk rocker . The most amazing thing is that each of these groups has turned out to end up the same way , becoming the norm and finding respect in a world that they rebelled against . AMERICAN HARDCORE takes a look at this last group.Subtitles `` The History Of American Punk Rock 1980-1985 '' , the film documents the early days , the rise and the eventual fall of the icons of this musical movement . Perhaps some might not consider it musical at all seeing as how it relies little on melody and depends more on sheer volume and power . But when historians look back on the music scene , this one will take its place among the movements that while never quite becoming hugely popular , did indeed influence many acts that followed.Through interviews with those who were on the scene when it began , with those who played in some of the biggest bands of the time , the movie begins its journey in the California punk rock scene where groups of early teens in the 14-15 age group , tired of what they consider oppressive parents and government agencies , revolt with a new music that they adapt for themselves . While the 70s let loose bands like The Ramones and the Sex Pistols , the American hardcore scene took these ideas and broke them down into a rougher , edgier sound.Bypassing melody , the early American hardcore music relied on three chords played loudly and as fast as possible with a guttural vocal that was more grunting and yelling than singing . Played in storefronts and abandoned buildings , the music found its niche with these youngsters in search of a voice of their own.The interviews throughout this documentary show those founding fathers of that movement today as they discuss what was happening when they began and how they were affected by one another . It covers the scene from location to location , noting how what started in one area was adapted in another part of the country and while the same , took on its own versions . The L.A. scene was not like the D.C. scene and neither was quite like what was found in the Boston area.The film focuses on what became the legends of that time with bands like Bad Brains , SSD , YDS , DOA , Minor Threat , The Circle Jerks and perhaps the most famous -LRB- thanks in part to the charisma of lead singer Henry Rollins -RRB- Black Flag . Members of each group talk about not only what was going on where they were at but what it was that brought them where they were , how they felt at that time and how it altered their lifestyles.In the end , to me , the most amazing thing was to see the change and to hear them discuss how they ended up . Some left bands and went on to become seriously wealthy with investments , some became authors and speakers , and others continue to play today . But just like those in the past , the controversial hip shakers of the 50s , the protestors of the 60s , this generation of rebels became the mainstream as well . They became the fathers and businessmen that their fathers were . Perhaps not selling shoes or working at an ad agency , but in their own way they became the exact thing they were rebelling against so long ago.One thing of interest I found was the influences that these bands had on current acts . While not cited or discussed in the film , bands like Metallica and the Red Hot Chili Peppers come to mind as well as several other bands . Would these bands have become as popular as they are without the early hardcore punk music ? Who knows ? It 's a topic not discussed in the film that could have yielded more conversations than what we have formed here . Then again , perhaps that 's not what director Paul Rachman was looking for.The movie is a fascinating study of youth gone wild finding them selves in an artistic way . If you 're not a fan of this type of music , this film will not convert you into going out to find the CDs of bands heard . The music , as I said , is fast , loud and more along the lines of Johnny Weissmuller than Frank Sinatra . It has its place , but not all will include it . If you want to find out where much of today 's music was based though -LRB- and no I do n't mean the pop tart of the month music but the more heavy styles -RRB- , then this movie will give you an insight that perhaps might not have been known . Well made , well documented and interesting , it 's a slice of history not known to most . Now is the chance for music lovers and pop culture watchers to once again discover the American hardcore scene found in this film .
 It is important to know the past ; to know the roots . I believe that the events documented in this film are just as important as any battle , or war , or historical event . This is history from a gutter point of view . This is the losing side . Get straight to the point . No more lies . Educate yourself and watch American Hardcore .
 i 've been a part of the punk and harcore scene for 15 years now . this documentary is just what every newcommer needs to see . its a great door into what started it all . i highly recommend this to anyone intersted in understanding where your favorite band came from . my only negative thought is that the movie ends abruptly . after 1985 there were a few more inmportant hardcore bands but they are not mentioned i dont believe the scene just `` died off '' . this movie obviously focuses on the history of hardcore but it would have been nice to see how some of the second generation bands came about . overall , i loved it !
 American Hardcoreis not a definitive history of hardcore music or punk rock . It 's a documentary about a connected group of hardcore music scenes in cities across the USA . The documentary is n't only about the music but more about the culture of hardcore and the world inside and outside of the scene.While there are some shortcomings to American Hardcore , all of them fade away once you start making your way through the special features . I will list both positives and negatives as I see them . But overall I still feel this movie is an important historical work.To me , I think the filmmakers chose select musicians based largely upon a subjective definition of `` hardcore '' as a smaller part of the punk scene . As such , it is true that some groups were excluded . Yet it should be noted that there are other movies on the much larger punk scene . Legal issues surrounding certain groups also played a part in some of them being excluded . I think the criticism about the missing or lightly covered bands , while valid , has been over-emphasized . When you watch this movie from start to finish as a sociological documentary on the hard-core culture , you will come away with a very good feel for the many different and diverse sub-cultures within the scene . That in and of itself is a great accomplishment.One of the things we learn is the role of gay and minority musicians within the scene . This helps to eliminate the misconceptions about who made this music and who it was against . Another thing is also clear from the groups profiled in this movie
 I am not a fan of Hardcore music , but this documentary sure makes me wish I was part of the club.The general message is
 rejoice , oh , hardcore enthusiasts , here is as close as you will get to a definitive hardcore history as you are likely to find . i watched as paul and steve compiled this pup , and while i do n't always agree with the focus -LRB- personally , being form the west coast i thought it was a bit boston centered -RRB- i recognize that the people that worked on this film - particulary paul and steve - have a true love for the music they documented , and a true respect - unbiased - for the subjects in the film . i was partuicularly impressed with vic bondi and ian mackay 's points of view , as well as keith morris , paul mahern , and joey keithly 's - and harley 's descriptor of the ` big takeover ' was so right on that i will never hear that song again without seeing his face in my mind 's point of reference . the footage of hr chatting away while a quincinera takes place in the background - totally priceless - and the footage of bands like the zero boys and negative approach ... . not to be missed . definitely worth your while ; you will not find a more comprehensive overview of the american punk -LRB- hardcore -RRB- scene out there ... . and , yes , i was there the whole time , and yes , it hits the nail on the head .
 This documentary does a laudable job surveying the impressive landscape of ` harcore ' punk rock from the late '70s to the mid '80s . It contains some rare and exciting live clips and interviews -- some contemporary , most present-day , that in themselves make the documentary worth watching . The narration takes viewers from scene to scene , coast to coast , showing how different bands influenced one another and the how the overall scene exploded against the backdrop of the ultraconservative Reagan era . While many important acts -LRB- the Dead Kennedys , JFA , Reagan Youth -RRB- are omitted , the filmmakers nevertheless do an excellent job of ` coverage ; ' that is , they acknowledge the breath of the scene and demonstrate its varied articulations on a regional basis , which is undoubtedly the movie 's overall strength . The early footage of Poison Idea , Gang Green , and Bad Brains , for me -LRB- and I suspect many people from the era -RRB- made the film invaluably entertaining.While the film does an excellent job discussing the origins and florescence of the hardcore scene , the interpretation of hardcore 's demise suffers from a revisionist subtext that simply misrepresents the issue . Specifically , the authors downplay the role of moronic , violent , Nazi skinheads , whose fascist agenda -- which largely attempted to define how punks ought to think and act -- killed the ` anything goes ' punk rock culture . They instead attribute punk rock 's demise to the short attention span of fans and , when pressed to address the issue of violence , reference Circle One and other LA ` gangs . ' Bringing attention to these largely Hispanic crews , in my opinion , is an awfully smug attempt to justify the neo-fascist skinhead violence of the era , which is barely mentioned . It 's also likely , and unfortunate , that younger viewers will follow this misleading interpretation.To be fair , I do n't believe revisionism was intended by the filmmakers . Rather , I think they simply remember things the way they present them here . In this sense , the film is a study in itself at just how difficult it is to document the largely indefinable phenomenon of punk rock . It occurred to me when watching that these bands all inadvertently contributed to punk rock 's demise precisely by attempting to do what the video does
 This was a very decent documentary focusing on the origins and the centers of the hardcore scene when it was at it 's biggest and best . The story unfolds starting in california , and spending much of their time there , but eventually breaks off across the country into regional areas . Unfortunately , there was quite a bit of focus on some smaller less known bands , and omissions of details of the misfits , and husker du and other midwest influential bands . However , the choppyness of this film soley comes from the amount of material it has to try and cram into about 2 hours . The bonus features were nice , and Good Job with the Bad Brains and Black Flag stuff , but not the be-all end all of Punk/Hardcore knowledge . This film does definately catch the spirit of the movement . Definately worth a look .
 I do n't own the DVD - yet - but I can tell you about the movie ; I 'm not that guy that reads a novel before seeing a movie . I never read A Clockwork Orange I know , I know it was sooo much better than the movie . Whatever . In this case however , I have to say that the movie fully failed the book . But how could it be any different ? There was so much information in that book I could 've never lived my life as a Punk and still could 've claimed to . It was , even with the aforementioned fact excellent . Whatever way you can , see it . I 'm not kidding you . There are so many movies about the Punk scene and none about Hardcore , which is truely ours . You can argue Punk all you want but Hardcore is fully homegrown . This movie makes you understand that . The footage , man I remember reading about the requests for footage the thinking , they 'll never find footage worth anything . They 'll never get footage from bands like Negative Approach , SSD , TSOL , Millions of Dead Cops ... at least nothing you have n't seen before - but they did - and it 's beautiful . I felt like going out and rioting outside of the Ritz Theater -LRB- philly -RRB- after seeing some of that . Especially seeing Harley Flanagan explaining the build-up of Bad Brains `` Take Over '' and the power of the NYHC scene . I ca n't tell you about the flick too much , if you 're anything like me , your eyes will be pinned from start to finish ... especially with additional footage .
 The sender did it in a timely matter , and the produst is what I expected !!
 Today the big question you hear asked , and even the question they address at the end of the movie , is that punk is dead . The scene , as these people had made it , and lived it , is dead for sure . Now , others have made `` scenes '' . The punk-ska , the hardcore of the early 90 's , punk of the 90 's , cow-punk or Rockabilly even today . The hardcore punk scene of that day , is dead . But , there are new `` scenes '' to be had . Just as some of the interviews in the movie had discussed . The 10 to 15 year fad gap has swung around once or twice and has given us music to rock to and ways to question authority , politics , happiness , life . This movie is about ONLY the hardcore scene started by the kids of that time , not the Misfits , Motorhead , or any other band that the movie did n't interview or discuss . It is about that particular scene . Great movie , it knows when the scene started , when it died , who was `` important '' in it . A really good film . I just watched it on google video , now I 'm gon na buy this MFer .
 Well put together documentary -LRB- for what it is -RRB- ! I agree with the last reviewer in that it focused more on the east coast / Boston scene . I also could see how people would be dissapointed in this movie . It pretty much skipped over the San Francisco scene where hardcore was huge and very important . I was hoping to see some good Farm footage , but that did n't happen . I do n't think you can capture the hardcore movement of that time accurately in just 1 DVD . You do n't really get to see many movies about this time in punk , mostly before and after so I am grateful to have it . There are a few out there but this is by far the best one . Well researched and executed , hopefully there will be a part 2 sometime in the not so distant future . It is also good to see these people now after not seeing them for over 20 years . Greg Ginn , Kira , H.R. , Bad Brains , C.O.C , Cro-Mags , Murphy 's Law , SSD , Ian MacKaye , Circle Jerks etc. . The Film has some great rare show footage -LRB- Henry Rollins beating up a punk that 's screwing with him , funny stuff -RRB- . A definite must have if you were around at that time . Someone Please make a San Francisco hardcore scene Documentary !! Check Out `` We Got The Neutron Bomb '' book . You will love it !
 Great fun for anybody who was there . Like watching home movies . FYI anybody asking silly questions like `` where were the Misfits and DK '' obviously were n't there .
 Ths Misfits were not mentioned at all . At all . WTF ?!? There better be a seperate Misfits movie coming out then . Even the book has a whole chapter on them . The closest you get is a couple of clips of Bobby Steele , and you see the Crimson Ghost in the background of a lot of the interviews . That 's why the movie only gets 4 stars from me.Other than that , it 's a great film .
 This is a great and entertaining view of US hardcore . For those of us who lived this in the 80 's it was fun and nostalgic . We knew this music and the scene was something special at the time ... nice to see it given it 's due credit .
 I was not really into punk in the 80s . But I did see Fear , Circle Jerks , and Black Flag . It was great to see the rare footage and interviews in this DVD . It was great to see what I missed of Punk in the 80s . Really entertaining , the best of the best of Punk even if you are not a fan you 'll be facinated . I saw this in its entirety on TV , and then bought it for a friend who was in a Punk band back then . He loved it .
 Kids around today should see the value in these interviews and this old photage of live shows and what-not . Its cool for those of us who were around also ... I do n't care to worry about if BLush and co. are doing this to cash in . I 'm just glad someone is putting this out .
 GREAT MOVIE !!! i wait a lot for this to come out in dvd format ... they left a lot of bands out , thats true , husker du , suicidal tendencies , excel , beowolf , and many others ... but this is just the essences ... great footage ...
 If you enjoy the good old days of pure hardcore punk , this movie is very enjoyable and is good for bringing you back . Interview with some of the very best not to include the clips of some of the best bands playing live.I caught myself singing along to clips but also wondering what happened to the true art of punk . Ca n't wait for `` Punk 's Not Dead '' but this will please you in the meantime .
 This movie really took me back . I was stoked to see footage that I never knew existed . Those who complain about the content forget this is all based in the years before cell phone cameras , this is before cheap VHS cameras . Besides those of us who were aware of this stuff at the time could n't afford such cameras and did n't care . I think this is a well done documentary of a subculture that did n't care to be documented .
 Once you get through the obligatory `` we hated BTO , Journey and Boston so we needed something new '' crap , there 's some great footage to be seen and the bonus material is great as well . I 'm not going to describe it all here . You should buy it !
 Compared to the book , the film really glosses things over and leaves a lot of things out , but I still think it 's worth checking out . The fact that there is a documentary devoted exclusively to '80s hardcore makes me happy . At least someone out there is making the effort to document it all before it 's too late.I just wish someone would do a more in-depth and definitive document of hardcore 's early years . This one gets the job done , but it could be done so much better . As I said , a lot of things were left out and overall , the interviews are kind of choppy , but they did still get some great interviews.All in all , I 'd still say it 's a decent introduction to hardcore -LRB- especially for people who do n't already know anything -RRB- and it 's worth having in your DVD collection to show people , etc. . After all , it is a pretty compelling story .
 I thought it was a pretty apt , documentary style piece about this scene . This period in American music was extremely important to alot of people , myself included . And , I think it definately shaped how punk and metal became in this day and age . Great interviews , awesome , raw live footage , and some cool bonus features make this a must have for anyone who gave a damn about hardcore from 1980-85/86 !!!!!
 For a music/documentary its great . For a movie loosely based on a book not a great . It focused on the bands that most would expect it to , black flag , minor threat , bad brains and many lesser known bands . The only complaint that I have about the movie is that if you actually read the book their are people / bands that you would expect to be interviewed . Which is why I did n't give it a 5 star . The live footage is good and so are the interviews . I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of Hardcore/Punk .
 If you saw the IFC documentary that came out not too long ago called `` Punk
 Needs to be seen . A great study on the hardcore punk rock wave of the early 80 's . I still watch this .
 This is n't necessarily something I could watch more than a couple times , but it was enjoyable . Like others have said , they did leave a lot out , however I think if they were to put in everything about East and West Coast hardcore it would have to be like a mini-series or made into 10 parts ! So relax people and just know that other punk documentaries will come out and have come out and we ca n't expect to see it all in an hour and forty minutes . Besides that , this movie might just be the perfect movie for some kid to watch that will change his life musically and do for him what Punk did for you when you were a squirt . So think of this as a perfect introduction to hardcore , not the end all be all punk manual .
 I had read the very informative book some years ago and just today watched this great companion piece . Would have liked to have seen live footage of some other bands not seen , but understand . The great thing about this doc . is that you do n't have to really be a fan of the music , as long as you have an open-mind and some intelligence . I highly recommend this and the book to all young-at-heart and fans of music alike .
 I like this documentary , but it left out quite a bit . I know you ca n't touch on every single scene , but Florida had a great one ! It is a shame many do n't know about it . Also , many bands out of the Michigan should have been more recognized . It would have also been interesting to show the small scene out of Oklahoma which most people never affiliate with hardcore punk . Good , but needs a sequel !
 I 've been waiting for this movie to come out on DVD since I first got a DVD player about three years ago . Ray Liotta gives an excellent performance as a man falsely accused of murder trying to find his wife 's killer . The plot is very interesting and original and presented so that it is believable and intense . Definitely a must-have .
 A more inntense thriller/suspense movie is hard to find
 Very good suspense film starring Ray Liotta -LRB- love him ! -RRB- -- delivered Q I quick by a fine seller . Rates triple A + + + + .
 surprisingly well executed and acting was expected . liotta is gaud
 surprisingly well executed and acting was expecte
 Helmed by John Dahl , this is a little known sci-fi thriller that is surprisingly entertaining . It has a stable of good performers , mainly Ray Liotta , Peter Coyote & Linda Fiorentino and a fast-paced -LSB- though a bit hard to swallow -RSB- plot . Ray Liotta plays a coroner who is acquitted of killing his wife , but is bent on discovering who the real killer is . He attends a talk given by Linda Fiorentino , who plays a scientist that is experimenting with memory retrieval -LSB- extracted cerebral fluid -RSB- . The rest of the movie is a thrill ride as Ray Liotta tries to use the extracted cerebral fluid obtained from his dead wife 's body , and a couple of other people to help him discover the real murderer . He plays the part convincingly and so does Linda Fiorentino as the brainy , reticent scientist -LSB- amazing given some of her other sexy & provocative roles such as in the Last Seduction -RSB- . There is no real sex in this movie , but the plot is riveting nonetheless , as we try to figure out who the real perpetrator is.All in all , this is an entertaining thriller with a sci-fi undertone , and is a worthwhile addition to the genre .
 The best points of this sci-fi/mystery/thriller were
 John Dahl should smash the box-office one of these days because he truely deserves it . Unforgettable is his best work effort , a gripping suspensefiul script supported by an excellent cast and a director who knows how to keep you on the edge of your sofa . The Dolby Digital track is very dynamic and does justice to Christopher Young 's remarkable score . This widescreen edition is not anamorphic , as marked on the back cover , but the image is sharp .
 Once you get past the implausibility of the plot -LRB- mainly that the drug culled from Cerebral spinal fluid could do what occurs in this movie -RRB- , you have a nervewrackingly good thriller . Ray Liotta , one of our most underappreciated actors , stars as a medical examiner who was cleared of murdering his wife by a technicality . In investigating a horrifying killing spree at a pharmacy , Ray thinks the killer is the same one who murdered his wife . He goes out on a date and meets Linda Fiorentino -LRB- quite good in a laconic way -RRB- , who has developed a serum which allows memory transfer between rats . But , it is dangerous , and has not been tried on humans . Liotta is so empassioned with finding his wife 's murderer , he steals the drug and uses it , and it does work , but without damage to his heart . From heron , Liotta finds out that Kim Coates -LRB- as a seedy drug dealer -RRB- is the one who did the pharmacy killing , and in flashbacks , he sees Coates attacking his wife . But , is he the true culprit ? Many surprising plot twists evolve , and it is a great film . Featured are Peter Coyote , as Liotta 's friend , a police detective ; `` Sex and the City 's '' Kim Cattrall has a small role as Liotta 's sister in law who has custody of his girls ; David Paymer plays Liotta 's friend and partner ; and Christopher McDonald is a seedy , sleazy cop who thinks Liotta did kill the wife.John Dahl directs with assuredness and the rainy Seattle setting is perfect.An unknown gem .
 I noticed right off the bat that only 7 people reviewed this movie one Amazon . Wow . While this movie has its share of flaws and the ending is a little weak , it still was a fun ride for me . Out of the many thrillers out there , this is n't in the top bunch to see at all but it definitely is up there for originality . Now , I 'm not going to get into if it was realistic or not because I do n't even know but as for the movie , it 's a good thriller worth a rent.The movie 's about a doctor whose wife is murdered . Following this event , he is suspected of murder , relieved of his charges , loses his children to his step sister but that 's not even the worst ... the killer is n't found . This doctor is very troubled by this until he meets a promissing doctor working on a drug that could allow one to use the blood of a dead individual to see what they saw . Guess what . He uses it to see what his wife saw and figure out who killed his wife.The movie does has some problems but is a good rental and the flashback scenes are well made . Ray Liotta does a nice job in leading a weak cast somehow to success .
 It is a pleasure to watch him act and how he responds to each scene , and how he responds to everthing around him and how he wants the scene to be understood and the emotions he wants the viewer to feel ... this is a good movie if you know what you 're looking at .
 Director John Dahl has been in the world of television the past decade - and movie audiences have been the much poorer for it . Not surprisingly , I 'm a fan of many tv series in his resum&eacute; . This is only one of a handful of feature films he helmed and ` Unforgettable ' makes for a well-paced , engaging and taut thriller.In this production Ray Liotta plays Dr. David Krane , chief medical examiner for Seattle . He 's a man haunted by many ghosts , but one in particular has been his bloody albatross - he was once suspected of murdering his wife . In fact , many of his colleagues and other law enforcement personnel still believe it . His murder trial ended due to a rookie cop mistake , a legal loophole voided his indictment and he walked away on a technically , a free man.But since he was n't exonerated , even the civil courts believe he 's actually guilty - his children have been taken from him and legal custody given to his wife 's sister as their permanent guardian.So he lives his life under the constant unyielding shadow of doubt , ignoring whispered comments and sideway stares.Until one day he goes to a medical fundraiser where a researcher , Fiorentino 's character Dr. Martha Briggs , is investigating the idea of memory transference . Her research suggests that extremely intense memories are captured and carried throughout a person 's life , held in dormant state , ready for a biochemical jolt - and that such memories can be transferred to another biologically compatible individual . Almost everyone at the party listens with polite glassy eyed stares , but not David . He 's utterly fascinated . Why ? Because he knows that his wife 's spinal cord fluid still exists , and in that residual evidence might reveal the identity of the real murderer.But what begins as a search for justice and redemption suddenly spirals out of control as David realizes that there was , and still is , much more to his wife 's murder than a random act of violence . And can he handle what really happened that rain-soaked night as he lay passed out drunk not thirty feet from her body?In addition to the clever story , what makes this such a good film is there 's surprising strong chemistry between the film 's stars , Ray Liotta and Linda Fiorentino . Better than one would expect given their respective personalities . Again , you sense the hand of Director Dahl finding and revealing in his players the excellence of their skills . What so many directors lack
 Best kept secret in the dvd world is this film here . One of the best film noir 's of the century . A great mystery with lots of fun and subtle humor .
 Believe it or not this is a Drama/Sci-Fi movie . Husband loses wife to a murderer , is accused of the crime . He stumbles onto a process that may help him to figure out who the murderer is . It compromises his own health along the way . I recommend it . Josie
 Wow , this movie is one of the best I have ever seen , after you watch it just imgine what life could like if this was technology was possible . YOu will have to pay attention to the little things in the movie , as the pieces all come together in the end of the movie .
 When I chose to buy Lion 's Den after having seen only the trailer I was mostly interested in seeing another culture 's take on the ` women behind bars ' movie . I got way more than I expected . This is not the stereotypical story of a women 's prison . In fact , it 's not about the prison at all . It 's about the women . They 're all real people , no all black or all white characters . The plot is not cut and dried . The guards , the prisoners , the families , the lawyers all are very human and it 's not always easy to decide whose side you should be on , despite how you feel . Things are done very differently than they would be in an American prison . But that 's not the story . The story is about a woman in prison for a crime she may or may not have committed and her desperation to keep her son with her . It 's tough , tender real story that will stay with you long after it 's over .
 This was such an intriguing film ! It was very refreshing to see a film that was n't cut and dried right and wrong . It was real and raw and realistic in the portral of the situation . Well acted , with emotions you could feel .
 Young adults are vulnerable ... they can be in the midst of dangerous situations , but be clueless until everything tumbles down like cinder blocks upon their head . The main character is a young women who loves a man who loves another man . One of the men ends up dead and the other critically wounded . Our young woman is convicted of the murder , imprisoned , and and at the same time , learns that she is pregnant . Estranged from her family , the father of her baby dead , she is alone in this nightmare . But the heart of the movie is how the woman finds a new kind of family in the culture of this women 's prison -- a unique prison because all of the women are mothers who are allowed to have their babies/toddlers with them . In their confinement , the women are family to each other . They help each other raise their children . They comfort each other in times of loss and grief . They turn to each other for love in the broadest sense . Our girl grows into a woman in prison . She is fiercely protective of her little son and fiercely loyal to her friends . But when her `` real '' family comes to visit her , they have an agenda that does not include her . That 's all I can say . See the movie to learn ` the rest of the story ' .
 I was recently browsing the foreign movie section of my local library and stumbled upon this . I read the DVD jacket and decided to pick it up . Glad I did . `` Lion 's Den '' -LRB- 2008 release from Argentina ; 113 min . -RRB- brings the story of Julia as she wakens up in her apartment , only to find herself in a pool of blood and with two guys . Later she refers to them as `` my lover and his boyfriend '' . Turns out the lover is dead but the other guy also survived . What really happened ? We do n't know but both survivors are arrested and jailed . We also learn that Julia is pregnant by her boyfriend . Julia settles in her life in jail and to say things are rough would be an understatement , but at least Julia is in a special ward for jailed mothers/mother-to-be . We learn that under Argentinean law , jailed mothers are allowed to keep their babies/young kids until they are age 4 , at which point the young kids are taken away -LRB- either given custody to relatives or awared to `` the state '' -RRB- . Then Julia 's mother , who had moved away to France 13 years ago , reappears on the scene . To tell you more of the plot would ruin your viewing experience , you 'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments
 In `` Leonera '' -LRB- `` Lion 's Den '' -RRB- from 2008 and directed by Pablo Trapero , a pregnant young woman is sent to prison for a murder she may or may not have committed . After her son is born , she faces further travails when her own mother tries to take custody of the child . This was a moving and gripping story with a strong performance by Martina Gusman . The film 's poignant and realistic element -LRB- it was shot in a real prison -RRB- highlighted the plight of incarcerated women who were also rearing children -LRB- they are usually allowed to keep them until about the age of four , then either a relative or the courts will take custody -RRB- . It was also easy to sympathize with ` Julia ' and her particular set of circumstances -LRB- she was the victim of an abusive relationship and her mother may have abandoned her as a child -RRB- , and this also hinted to the greater ills and shortcomings of society in general . But the real moral of the story - even prison can not break the bond a mother has with her child - it probably replaces the feeling of emptiness and remorse for one of hope in the future ! This was an excellent film from Argentina . The DVD picture quality from ` Strand Releasing ' was very good . NTSC , Spanish -LRB- English subtitles -RRB- , NR , 113 mins.Love and Peace , Carlos Romero
 Lead actress Martina Gusman carries this movie like the role and story were made for her . This dramatic , penetrating piece of film is a woman 's story of survival and discovery of motherhood in the most unlikely of places ; prison . The interesting thing is that like so many women when life has gone sour , it 's her love for her child that is the one cradle of hope . Oustanding performance by Gusman . Took away one star for the dark setting , though it probably was intentionally filmed that way to add to the bleakness of incarceration . Very touching .
 This is not the worst mummy movie ever made . Tony Curtis plays the mummyand I think he saves the movie ! The girl is pretty but boring and thedoctor who tries to save her is even more boring . The story is quitegood if you like a good mystery and has enough killings to keep youinterested . I 've seen worse ! much worse ! good little mummy movie !
 THE MUMMY LIVES may not be the best but it has Tony Curtis and if you just want enjoy and not think its good . I collect MUMMY movies so I put this is bottom part of my collection under Boris Karloff . Movie is worth watching and buying from Amazon .
 While the film THE MAMBO KINGS is not as detailed or insightful as Oscar Hijuelos 's novel THE MAMBO KINGS PLAY SONGS OF LOVE which won the 1990 Pulitzer prize it is still an excellent entertaining film . The most striking feature of the movie is how well it makes 1950 's Cuban American life in upper Manhattan live again complete with wonderful mambo and other Latin music of the period and even a visit from Desi Arnaz -LRB- played by his son with amazing accuracy -RRB- . The two Mambo kings are the Castillo brothers - Cesar and Nestor - musicians who fled Havana after a bloody dispute with a nightclub owner . Cesar is the ambitious older brother played perfectly by Armand Assante . Assante magically captures Cesar 's sleazy good looks and coarse confident charisma . As one character in the film says of Cesar `` He thinks he is the last Coca Cola in the desert . '' Nestor is played with surprising sensitivity by Antonio Banderos and he is the song writer and trumpet player for the Mambo Kings . Nestor longs for Cuba and the girl he left there , Maria , though he also rather touchingly constantly reads a book entitled FORWARD AMERICA apparently written by one of the Vanderbilts . Both men find significant others in the US with an American blond bombshell who sells cigarettes in one of the clubs becoming Cesar 's best girl while Nestor eventually marries another Cuban immigrant , the shy but beautiful Delores , who aspires to be a teacher.The boys have some early success in New York but mostly because of Cesar 's temper and pride fall on hard times and are reduced to working as butchers by day and playing for Bar Mitzvahs , weddings and strippers by night . Eventually they get a break from Desi Arnaz who lets them play on his hit TV show I LOVE LUCY . In a fun bit Assante , Bandearas and Arnaz Jr. are inter-cut with footage with Lucille Ball from the original classic show . But lasting happiness and success are not in the cards for the brothers.MAMBO KINGS is an important film as it preserves the dance , music and culture of the Latin communities in NYC in the 50 's . Legendary Tito Puente appears as himself and salsa queen Celia Cruz plays an interesting character on the mambo scene and demonstrates her singing and dancing talents and both add to the authenticity of the film . This well made movie will be appreciated be most discriminating film fans .
 `` Mambo Kings is a complete surprise . The cast is B and C list , but their performances are all A plus . This is a smart little move that really plays on the emotions . It opens in Havana , during the late 50 's or early 60 's . Fulgencio Batista is in charge , Fidelito has not reared his furry face , and the island is all about the tourism , the tropics and the music . The Castillo Brothers , Cesar and Nestor -LRB- Assante and Banderas , respectively -RRB- are singers/songwriters on the cusp of making it big when fate -- in the form of a woman -- intervenes.Younger brother Nestor falls in love with a girl who is also pursued by a mob boss . She marries the gangster to protect Nestor and Cesar almost gets his throat cut confronting the thug . On top of that , the mob is trying to get control of the brothers , and Cesar will have none of that , thank you very much . Nobody owns the Castillo Brothers -- and do n't you forget it . The brothers realize that Cuba is getting a little too hot for them , so it 's vamanos muchachos to America.We catch up with the brothers aboard a bus , presumably heading north from Miami to NYC where family and friends await them . Assante is amazing . The opening sequence show us Cesar 's tough guy swagger , the scenes on the bus show us his charm . But from start to finish , he owns the movie . Take the bus sequnce ... whether he 's flirting with the sexy lady in the seat behind him , dancing in the aisles or eating an ice cream cone , he 's sexy , elemental and irresistable . Poor Nestor sits , slouched in his seat , writing songs for the lost Maria back in old Havana . He has a goofy kind of soulfulness that grows on you . I have a feeling Banderas must be very charismatic in real life , because he does n't have much to do in this movie and , lord knows , he 's no Olivier , but he still wiggles his way into your heart . Those cocker spaniel eyes probably help.But back to the real star ... and the surprise of the movie ... Assante 's cocky Cesar . He 's more brash than brainy , but he gets his act together . The first night out , Cesar not only manages to perform a duet on the `` boom booms '' with Tito Puente -LRB- !! -RRB- , but also meets his future girlfriend , witnesses a murder , and puts together the elements of his Mambo Kings . Working in a meat packing plant by day , he leads the Mambo Kings by night . Family and friends make their costumes , the boys practice their tunes , and Nestor writes yet more songs to Maria . Cesar manages to get the Mambo Kings started on a path that he knows is gon na take them to Cugat-land . They work their way up the food chain of Latin nightclubs , from dismal joints up to the fabled Copa ! Unfortunately , at this point they run afoul of Roscoe Lee Brown . That great actor just drips corruption and evil as he tries to `` buy '' the Mambo Kings , indenture them to him forever , as he has done to so many performers before him . But remember , Cesar Castillo is not for sale . He refuses Roscoe 's offer and humiliates him ... and that turns out to be a big mistake . Sure enough , the Castillos are not headlining at the Copa any more . The Mambo Kings are reduced to performing at at cheesy weddings and bar mitzvas , and accompanying bored strippers at Friday Night VFW smokers.Through all of their ups and downs , Nestor pines for his first love back in Cuba , the lost `` Maria of my Soul . '' Despite is heart belonging to another , Nestor meets and marries a sweet young Cuban woman and treats her shabbily . Cesar finds himself falling in love with Nestor 's wife and tries to make his brother recognize what a pearl he has , but to no avail . Nestor remains besotted with the almost mystical Maria ... and to tell more would reveal too much of the story.The cast is amazing . Assante oozes old fashioned animal magnetism ... just watch him when he first walks into the Copacabana -- full of bravado and sex appeal ... or even better , the sizzling tango scene with Nestor 's future wife . Oh my stars . I 've seen this actor in one or two other films and he was all tics , twitches and incoherent mumbling -- a caricature of a method actor . Maybe he had a new acting coach for this role . Antonio Banderas learned his roles phonetically because he spoke no English at the time , or perhaps just a little . It does n't hinder him from turning in a poignant and touching performance as poor doomed Nestor . Kathy Moriarity is perfect as Cesar 's big , beautiful , blowsy girlfriend.This is either a dark film with joyous moments , or a joyous film with dark moments . Either way , I enjoyed it from start to finish . And the music is the meringue on the cake . Tito Puente , the legendary Celia Cruz ... and if that 's Banderas and Assante doing their own singing , they are awfully good . Just remember to rent the video , do n't buy it ... because nobody owns the Castillo Brothers .
 I readThe Mambo Kings Play Songs of Lovesoon after it won a Pulitzer -LRB- unlike The Onion -RRB- , and it was a wonderful , moving book , and I was not disappointed by the film . The music is wonderful , of course , and Armand Assante & Antonio Banderas were great . Having Desi Arnaz , Jr. playing his father was pretty cool , although some reviewers saying he was `` indistinguishable '' from or `` channeling '' his Dad was inaccurate ... he was very good , but not great - his Cubano accent seemed put on.Speaking of inaccuracies and reviewers , why does Rochelle O'Gorman 's `` mini-review '' of ` The Mambo Kings ' lead off the `` editorial reviews '' of this film ? It seemed as if she only read the liner notes on her VHS tape , and when she says `` Partly this is because a movie about the rise and fall of minor celebrities has been done to death '' , she obviously did not get this film . `` The Mambo Kings '' is about two young men trying to grab the 1950 's edition of the American Dream , about attaining one 's dream , and about love and losing love . I think O'Gorman only wanted this to be about `` the rise and fall of minor celebrities '' , and wanted to count herself among them . She ai n't Siskel , Ebert , or even Mr Crabby .
 Excellent `` mambo '' music and colorful characters made me rate this a `` five-star '' after the first viewing . After several looks , the novelty - how many mambo movies are there ? - wore off and it settled into a still-good `` four stars '' film . One thing
 The book may be better , but you ca n't beat the MUSIC in this movie . The love story is satisfying , but the beat and soundtrack are what makes this flick go . A collection of latin music greats , and a feel for the era make this a collectors dream .
 I recently purchased `` Mambo Kings '' on DVD . I 've watched it many times on VHS and it was time to update and use my surround sound system so that I get the full effect of the music . If your into good looking men with a passion for latin music and women , you need to see this one . Makes me wish I was born earlier to participate in the dancing too .
 I have to say this is one of my favorite all time movies . The soundtrack is amazing . This is a latino 's dream come true -LRB- I should know , I 'm latino ! -RRB- . This movie is not a long concert , as some might think . It has a great story , some funny parts , and an excellent soundtrack -LRB- did I say that already ? -RRB- . Every musician is a `` mambo king '' in his own eyes . The successes and failures that these brothers encounter are very true to life . If you have n't seen this movie , go buy it ! You wo n't regret it .
 This film is quite stylized tho some of the performances are naturalistic . The way the band , club , and dance sequences are filmed heightens the glamor and excitement , which is perfectly appropriate and well done - especially all that fierce color . American films of the period seem very black-n-white , as well as white , and perhaps the color used here was a corrective.I agree that it 's melodramatic . One hopes the plot will continue the initially triumphant story of the brothers as they take Manhattan and America , but that was n't what Hijuelos wrote . Assante was as over-the-top as his character - I thought it was a wonderful performance - and one can feel the ultimately fatal difference between the brothers right from the start.One thing I appreciated about this film -LRB- besides the music -RRB- was that the sex was presented as goofy . Films so often present sex as fraught with tension or guilt or some such , and here , two sex scenes have people giggling like fools . Much closer to my experience.The soundtrack has the signature song sung in Spanish and IMO is better than the version used in the film .
 In one of Antonio Banderas 's first American films , he delivers a wonderful performance as Nestor Castillo , one of two Cuban brothers heading to America to seek a better life . In my opinion this is one of Banderas 's best roles -LRB- second maybe only to Armand in `` Interview with the Vampire '' -RRB- . Armand Assante is also great as the other Castillo brother , and plays the emotions well , whether during times of joy or struggle . The mambo greats who appear in this movie make it that much more enjoyable . The soundtrack is phenomenal . `` Bella Maria De Mi Alma '' , sung by Banderas is fabulous , along with songs by Tito Puente and Celia Cruz . A truly wonderful movie . Oscar Hijuelos 's book , `` The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love '' , has had an immense justice done to it on the big screen unlike many other novel adaptations .
 This is an exceptionally well made film , very credible , with a great story to tell and lots of entertainment value.I highly recommend it .
 My friend loves Latin jazz and was thrilled to receive Mambo Kings , which he had not seen before . The delivery time was amazingly fast and the dvd was in mint condition . I was very pleased with this purchase .
 I was very pleased with this movie . I could n't find it anywhere else and it was packaged perfectly and extremely affordable .
 Calling all Antonio Banderas fans . . here 's one you got ta have in your collection . Great story line about 2 brothers coming from Cuba to America in search of the American dream . Great story line and the music just makes you want to get up and Mambo !
 I ca n't begin to describe how this movie got to me . I 've been an Antonio Banderas fan for years , and he just struck something deep within me with his role as Nestor Castillo . His love for Maria destroyed his life , and that made me cry -LRB- I NEVER cry at movies -RRB- . It was hard not to love him with those doe eyes of his . You must see this movie .
 I rate this movie 3 stars and a half -LRB- or 7 out of 10 -RRB- , and I definetely recommend it to everyone . It is entertaining , the music is great , and the actors are good . I think this is the first movie Banderas did in America , and he was learning English while shooting the movie . He is a great actor , that caught the directors ' eye for his roles in Almod &#65533; var 's movies , and he did great . Jeremmy Irons did a screen test for that role , but Antonio got the job instead . The night club scenes are really good , and the best is the relationship between the two brothers , who leave Cuba behind searching for the American Dream -LRB- and trying to save N &#65533; stor 's life -RRB- . It is very interesting to follow the director 's commentary after you watched the movie , because he tells you a lot of interesting things . I know the movie should speak by itself , but once you watch the movie , if you have time , give that extra a try . It is really worth it , and one of the reasons we should be thankful of the DVD format.The best in the movie is the music -LRB- we get to see Tito Puente and Celia Cruz , both already passed away now -RRB- , and the worst may be the plot , with some `` holes '' that in my opinion make the movie weaker . For example , the relationship between Dolores and C &#65533; sar could have been developed deeper -LRB- I did not read the book , so I do not know if the movie is 100 % loyal to the book -RRB- . The DVD comes with a `` Behind the Scenes '' documentary , which is nice to see , but it is too short -LRB- sometimes they are too long , but this is too short -RRB- and you get to hear all maine actors and the director sepaking about the movie .
 I owned this film in VHS format , well some where along , I lost it . '' WELL now I have purchased it in CD format . This movie dispicts just how it was growing up for me in Spanish Harlem , where alot of the great musicians of that era where from . My old man being a musician hinself was a big influance in my love and passion for '' latin '' music , because of my father and being exposed to that great era , I too became an accomplished percusionist , I have been playing since I was 8 years old , still playing till this day , 59years of pure bliss . Okay back to the movie , in the scene in which Tito Puente is playing at the Palladium , and he calls up Armand Asante to come up and play , '' well that 's Armand realy playing the timbales , he took lessons prior tp making the movie , he did a great job . Once you see this film , you would agree it 's full of such wonderful music , when life was hard , but people played hard ... This brings so many memories ... love to all the people ...
 Great Movie . Enjoyed the performances of Armand Assante and Antonio Banderas as brothers . 2 late great salsa musical talents . Celia Cruz and Tito Puente .
 One of my favorite movies . I love any movie that Antonio Banderas is in . I love the Latin culture and music . This movie is perfect for me
 Also a gift from an old list of movies wanted for a collection and I 've added to the list for the last 2 yrs .
 I really enjoyed this film , based upon the Pulitzer Prize winning novel , `` The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love '' by Oscar Hijuelos . With its sexy , pulsating , and rhythmic soundtrack , as well as the strong performances by the entire cast , this film is highly entertaining.The events in this sharply stylized period film take place in the nineteen fifties , at the height of the mambo dance craze . Two young Cuban musicians , brothers Cesar -LRB- Armand Assante -RRB- and Nestor Castillo -LRB- Antonio Banderas -RRB- , flee Cuba after a love triangle takes a potentially deadly twist . The love sick Nestor leaves behind the love of his life , the beautiful Maria Rivera -LRB- Talisa Soto -RRB- , now married to his romantic rival.The brothers arrive in New York , where Cesar meets the lushly sensuous , blonde bombshell , Lana Lake -LRB- Cathy Moriarty -RRB- . They eventually marry , while Nestor , still carrying a torch for Maria , meets the sedate and quietly pretty Delores Fuentes -LRB- Maruschka Detmers -RRB- , whom he eventually marries . Given a helping hand by fellow Cuban , Desi Arnaz , Sr. -LRB- Desi Arnaz , Jr. -RRB- , Cesar and Nestor shortly become stars of the dance halls and clubs they play , where they are christened the `` Mambo Kings '' . Unfortunately , Cesar 's dreams are not necessarily Nestor 's dreams and conflicts arise . The brothers also run into trouble when Cesar 's arrogance pits him against a musical syndicate that rules the clubs and dance halls with an iron hand , derailing their careers for a time . Moreover , Nestor 's marriage is seriously troubled , because of his obsession with his lost love . Still , no matter what , there is always the music.Armand Assante gives an over-the-top , manic performance as Cesar , the older brother whose arrogance and single-minded ambition nearly alienates his brother . He over-acts the part , making his character almost cartoonish , at times . It is as if he were drowning in his own machismo . Still , he infuses the role with a certain energy that makes him strangely compelling . Moreover , the guy can really dance!It is the bittersweet performance by Antonio Banderas , however , that takes one 's breath away . Antonio Banderas infuses the role of the artistic , younger brother , Nestor , with a poignancy , sensitivity , and sensuousness that is remarkable . He handles the role with a delicacy that nearly brought tears to my eyes . Banderas makes the viewer feel Nestor 's pain , so palpable is his anguish over his lost love , Maria . When he sings his ode to her , '' `` Beautiful Maria of My Soul '' , the viewer is transfixed , so beautifully does he sing it.Look for a cameo by the late Tito Puente . The late Celia Cruz also appears in this film , cast as Evalina Montoya , a popular club singer . The viewer is in for a treat with these two salsa greats doing what they do best . It was also somewhat eerie to see the role of Desi Arnaz , Sr. played by his real life son , Desi Arnaz , Jr. , as the resemblance is so remarkable , right down to the accent . Special note should also be taken of Roscoe Lee Brown 's silky performance as club impresario Fernando Perez.The film captures the flavor of the nineteen fifties , when night clubs were synonymous with night life , and big bands still held sway . I particularly enjoyed this film , because my parents emigrated from Cuba . Having grown up in New York City during the nineteen fifties , this film holds a certain amount of nostalgia for me .
 Definitely on my top 10 . The Mambo Kings has several things that make it an all time favorite . First , it uses the medium to pull you in an give you the feeling you are part of the moment . The sets , costumes , cars , and music are detailed to perfection . Especially the music ! Cameo 's by the great singers of Cuban music make it real . Celia Cruz and the late Tito Puente are awesome ! The theme song is beautiful and nothing less than haunting . Check out fantastic soundtrack.Second , the plot takes some unique twists and turns . The relationship between two brother seems formulaic at the beginning and then both characters acquire unexpected depth and traits . I believe that both Antonio Banderas -LRB- this was his first Hollywood film -RRB- and Armand Assante give their best performances to date .
 Ok , so Armand Assante 's cuban `` accent '' is n't exactley convincing and the sparks between Dolores -LRB- Antonio 's wife -RRB- and Cesar go nowhere , BUT , the music , dancing and THOSE GUYS are AWESOME !!! This continues to be one of my very favorite movies . The story is simple and predictable and that 's okay because it 's so much fun . There are some creative bits thrown in that make the familiarity of story just a bit different and the music is really phenominal-I want to get up and dance everytime I see it!The book definitely should be read , but AFTER seeing the movie-it 's darker and will detract from the fun of the film . Oh , by the way , Antonio has NEVER looked better !
 Based on the first half of Oscar Hijuelos ' novel `` The Mambo Kings Play Songs Of Love '' , it 's one of the rare exceptions to the rule that movies adaptations of novels can never rise to the quality of the source material.To this day , I can not figure out why Armand Assante never received any props for this film whatsoever . Though not of Cuban descent , he 's perfectly cast as the arrogant and hot-blooded Cesar Castillo . Antonio Banderas ' first English film role does n't do his career any harm ; though he only learned the script phonetically , you wo n't notice the difference.The other star of this film has to be the music ; one of the best soundtracks of the 90s hands down , with music by Tito Puente , Celia Cruz , Beny More , and Machito , this is a great Cuban music sampler.If the ending of the film seems incomplete and/or rushed , it 's because it ends right about halfway through the novel -LRB- the second half documents Cesar 's latter years -RRB- . But believe me you ca n't go wrong with this movie . Anybody who does n't feel the beat of this film pounding through their veins is dead .
 Enough about his co-star , Assante steals the film . I have seen the film well over 30 times , and words can not begin to descibe how powerful The Mambo Kings is . Assante is a film God in his role as Ceasar Castillo - this part could not have been played by anyone else . The movie jerks you back to a time when life was simpler , familial ties were golden , and music was all that mattered . A must see for anyone who enjoys Latin music and longs for the days of Big Band , Rhumba , and Cha-Cha . Guest appearances by Cruz and Puente are the magic touch . I 'm not Latin , nor was I alive during this era - but The Mambo Kings made me wish I were both . Kudos to Assante - He is `` the last Coca-Cola in the desert '' !
 Oscar Hijuelos ' great novel The Mambo Kings Play Songs Of Love forms the basis for this film although the movie version stops about halfway through Hijuelos ' story largely ignoring the tragic second half of Cesar Castillo 's life without his brother.The brothers are played by Armand Assante and Antonio Banderas and both are extraordinarily well cast . Assante conveys the more hedonistic Cesar with greaat intensity and Banderas actually steals the film with a remarkable performance as the more sensitve brother Nestor.Fine casting , including a fairly strong performance by the late Celia Cruz makes this movie a pleasure to watch . Marusckha Detmers plays Nestor 's wife Dolores and while she looks great she poses more effectively than she acts.Overall this is a fine entertaining film and while the plot is derived from the novel in order to translate it to the screen some obvious liberties were taken with the story that frankly do not detract much from the enjoyment of a film that stands on it 's own merit.The backdrop of 1950 's Mambo-crazed NYC is also very cool and well done .
 This is one of the best and most entertaining dramas depicting immigrants in America and one of the few featuring Cuban immigrants . Armand Assante is phenomenal as the older brother . Reviewers have written about Antonio Banderas in this movie , and his performance is noteworthy , particularly because it was his first English-speaking role , and he did a great job . But Assante 's acting , his dancing , his excitement and his ENERGY have rarely been equaled on the screen . He worked his heart out in this movie . Assante 's performance in `` Mambo Kings '' was Oscar-worthy , and I think he is a totally underrated actor who has never really been given his due . This film is a must see , and you wo n't be sorry you spent the time .
 Two musicians , the Castillo brothers , immigrate from Cuba in search of fame and fortune in New York city 's fabled night clubs of the early 1950 's . The older brother , Cesar -LRB- Armand Cassante -RRB- , highly aggressive , mucho macho , searches for a chance to show their skills , while the younger brother , Nestor -LRB- Antonio Banderas -RRB- , the sensitive artist , writes their songs . One of those is a plaintive ode to Maria that reflects the agony of his spurned love for her while in Cuba . His haunting bolero , `` Beautiful Maria of my Soul '' , ultimately lands the brothers a spot on the `` I Love Lucy '' TV show , propelling them to fame.Despite their success , Nestor 's obsessive love of Maria follows him in a troubled marriage with the beautiful Dolores Pointe -LRB- Marushka Detmers -RRB- . The story , poignant and touching , is a credible slice of life during the colorful big-band era of that time . Nestor 's continuing anguish over Maria 's lost love finally ends in a fatal automobile accident that , although tragic , somehow seems fitting.The acting and the music are excellent . If you enjoy Latin rhythm and Cuban passions , you 'll love this movie .
 Now that Latin music is so popular , it would be a perfect time to re-release this wonderful film . Makes me want to Mambo !! In his first English speaking role , Antonio Banderas steals the show . Would have loved to have heard him sing more -LRB- we now know from Evita that he has a a powerful voice -RRB- . Antonio did most of his stunts in Desparado and was a sword fighter in Zorro , but in this movie he is a convincing trumpet player . This film combines spirited music , a very good story and good acting . Roscoe Brown and Celia Cruz add class . Desi Arnez Jr plays his father and there is a wonderfully funny sequence where clips of Lucille Ball are woven into the story . Very , very enjoyable .
 Cuban rhythms are n't my favorite , however , the stirring performances of Assante and especially Banderas wrap the viewer in the period , the music and the pain of lost love . This was Banderas ' first movie in the US , what a treasure he is , he expresses more in his eyes and face than most actors do with words and full body physicality . The scene with Assante -LRB- Cesar -RRB- and Banderas -LRB- Nestor -RRB- when Banderas finds out the love of his life -LRB- Maria -RRB- did love him and sacrificed herself to save him was so touching it brought tears to my eyes , the viewer can feel the heart pain of Nestor , the loss of everything important to him , the total despair of knowing deep in his soul the love of his life was gone forever . Assante as Cesar did an excellent job of playing the dominant older brother , the one with the dreams of fame and success . Nestor , the younger brother , was the talented one of the two , Cesar felt Nestor needed to be both protected and pulled along with Cesar 's dream for the two ; he could n't help treating Nestor like a kid ignoring Nestor 's own dreams . So strong was Cesar 's ego and personality that Nestor 's dreams were totally overshadowed by the desire of the older brother for fame and fortune . In the end , Cesar realizes Nestor was the talent , the soul of the two brothers.The music in this movie is beautiful , especially the signature song , the haunting Beautiful Maria of My Soul -- such a song of the heart and lost love . Both Assante and Banderas are talented musically , Assante is excellent on the drums ; Banderas has a beautiful voice and the harmony of the two was very nice on Beautiful Maria of My Soul . Assante 's final rendition of the song was touching and his best in the movie . Banderas is a tremendously talented actor , his brooding dissatisfaction in the direction of his life is palatable ; the pain he displayed in his eyes in the last scene with DeLores when both knew the marriage was over just pierced the heart . The emotions exchanged as the eyes of the two brothers met when Cesar celebrated the final achievement of playing the Palladium -LRB- totally arranged by Nestor -RRB- spoke volumes without the exchange of a word . This is a movie to watch several times , the depth of acting especially from Banderas is appreciated more and more with each viewing .
 Mambo Kings is a great film , with emphasis in music . Special guest appearances by Celia Cruz and those alike make the film more invigorating . Banderas and Assante are a great team playing brothers in the film . The hardship foreigners have to face coming to America allow this movie to portray its all . Great film with wonderful music
 For those who have read the Hijuelos book from which this film is adapted , you may be disappointed because it lacks the detail that the book provides . However , the visuals provided by ensemble performance scenes and stunning performances by the entire cast let you even deeper into the world of the Latino music scene of 1950 's New York City . The story is as moving as the music is splendid . Get this movie for those late nights when a little glamour and heartbreak is needed .
 We seem to lack one issue here of the movie . After reading all reviews I see everyone favors Banderas . What about Assante ? For he made a big impact in this movie . Yes , praise to Banderas , but mine must go all out to Armand , for I found him to be a very attractive and handsome looking man . I may be 28 , but boy ! he draws me to stare at him anyday !!!! The movie was excellent as well as the music CD . So excellent that I own them both . Much love to you Assante ! xoxoxChristine Daniels
 Was OK but not as good as the Trailer and I love Antonio but I was so Dissappointed with the movie I do not Recommend this movie if you are an Antonio Banderas Fan .
 Reportedly , this is Antonio Banderas ' first English-speaking film . This film is set in the late 1940 's to early 1950 's Here , we hear the great sound of Mambo , probably based on the concept of TV 's I Love Lucy .
 It is a really good movie I watched long time ago i recommended to my wife and she love it to thank you .
 I am so happy with my Movie I love I could find it finally Thank U so much the quality and the price are the Best Thanks again
 I JUST RECIEVED AN E-MAIL , AND A PHONE CALL , FROM DEBBI -LRB- E -RRB- , SHE HAD ALREADY REFUNDED ME MY $ . I STRONGLY RECOMMEND BUY THROUGH yardbooks4u.THE ARE REALLY GREAT , AND THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS EXECELLENT.I WORK IN THE BUSINESS , AND TO ME THAT MEANS ALOT.TAKE MY WORD FOR IT THIS SITE IS REALLY WORTH LOOKING INTO . :{ -RRB- . I 'LL BE LOOKING FOR MORE MOVIES IN THE FUTURE , AND I 'LL GO ON THIS SITE BEFORE I GO LOOKING ANYWHERE ELSE ...
 I first saw this movie on cable Televsion , and `` fell in love '' with the performances of two of Hollywoods most `` sexiest men ! '' ... It was an even more pleasant surprise that they could sing so beautifully.What `` chemisty and passion '' ... This movie has it all!I just had to `` own it !! ''
 Story and acting both very good ; action did not drag during the movie . Some of the story was a bit predictable but I did n't mind too much .
 This movie has a few `` sappy '' moments ... but the music is FANTASTIC !! It is a great introduction to latin music . I also have the soundtrack and when I have it blaring in my car , people always stop me and ask me what I am listening to ... they want to get a copy . This movie is an enjoyable little gem that has been overlooked/ignored by many . It is entertaining and your foot will tap with the music . A movie worth adding to your collection when you need a `` happy beat '' in your life .
 Movie came in real fast , in good condition . Could not find this movie at any local stores for purchase
 I really enjoyed the film and the music.Antonio Banderas & Armand Assante give good solid performances.the film starts out like a firecracker then cools off but it leaves it 's mark .
 `` The Mambo Kings '' is a great film that moves you and makes you wan na dance ! The screenplay is sweet and soeaked in the tradition of the great Latin soap operas . I myself am a Latino , and I love it when Hollywood captures the Latin spirit as it does here . Yes , `` The Mambo Kings '' is an erotic masterpiece that anyone who loves great music will enjoy . Antonio Banderas gives a touching performance . This is a great film that 's also stylish . `` The Mambo Kings '' is driven by it 's music and completed by it 's drama . I loved it !
 `` The Mambo Kings '' is an exhilirating and sweet , romantic story . I totally liked it . I 'm Hispanic so I appreciate the great work done in this film . Antonio Banderas gives an entertaining performance and the music is pure enjoyment ! I especially liked the cinematography and dramatic elements of the screenplay . `` The Mambo Kings '' is just a pure delight and good time at the movies . Cubanos will really like it too ! This is a fun film that 's sweet , heartbreaking , wildly erotic and romantic . One of the best films based on a Latino subject ever .
 This movie is funny and intriguing , every person I 've recommended it to has just loved it ! I would call it the most underrated movie I 've seen in a long time .
 The story is fast-moving , the performances are convincing , the production looks expensive , and the climactic sequence is much more impressive than I had expected . High marks for all concerned!The audience should be aware
 If you are a fan of bad movies like me , and you know the difference between a just plain bad movie and a wonderfully bad movie , then this is a must have . The movie title says it all . I would pair this up with Bubba Ho Tep .
 Gary Busey circa 1978 ... no , wait , that 's his creepy lookalike son Jake Busey circa now ... is a brilliant college professor who ... and then these zombie Nazis rip a guy 's face off ... they take a brain out of this cute Asian chick and ... there 's this robot with Hitler 's head because ... and then the zombie Nazis rip some girl 's clothes off and ... after the Nazi flying saucer shoots lasers at the Australians ... and then the girl who played `` Lolita '' ... JUST BUY THIS MOVIE BUY IT BUY IT SELL OR PAWN WHATEVER YOU HAVE TO AND BUY THIS MOVIE AND SHOW IT TO YOUR FRIENDS AND YOUR MOM AND YOUR PET HAMSTER BUNKY JUST BUY IT BECAUSE EVERY BEING ON EARTH SHOULD OWN THIS MOVIE AND WATCH IT EVERY NIGHT INSTEAD OF WHEEL OF FORTUNE
 Okay , the Asylum did n't remake Citizen Kane here ; they never do . However , as a cheesy B-movie gore fest with Zombies , Nazis and RoboHitler , it 's a WIN!A great addition to your ` bad movie night ' rotation . Have some friends over , make some popcorn , have a few brews and forget just what Congress and the Federal government is doing to us for an evening . It 's an hour and a half of pure unadulterated cinema schlock fun .
 Nazis at the Center of the Earth tells the tale of some researchers in Antarctica that are abducted by a team of masked troopers . They end up being dragged deep underground to a continent at the center of the earth . To which they end up finding out that nazi survivors are planning for the return of the Third Reich . I 'll admit , when you watch , you 'll be going `` Wha . . ? '' but , overall , it is n't too bad of a story.Despite what other reviewers here have to say about Asylum , I think there is an audience for these type of movies -LRB- most people are just too afraid to admit it -RRB- . Course , there has to be an audience . They have to be making a profit or else Asylum would 've folded a long time ago . I stated it one time before in another review that it really gets to me how people go on about how Asylum makes these bad movies and they are n't worth buying . I 'll admit , not every film that Asylum does is a winner but not every film they do is a loser either . They 've did some good movies , even some original movies . Some examples are
 this product arrived in less time than was specified , also the packaging was great , would not hesitate to order again .
 Stars
 All the dreadful movie qualities I 'd hoped for , terribad acting , flimsy plot , awful special effects . The perfect movie for beer and chips .
 Do n't buy these expecting anything more than what they are ... awesome cheese . I mean come on...Robo-Hitler ?? HELL YES . Pick this up AND Abraham Lincoln VS Zombies !
 It was actually really hilarious . Seriously . Get a few friends and force yourself to watch it until you enjoy it . I have never laughed so hard . Plus most of the girls are pretty cute , except for the yellow ranger who possibly has a penis .
 Lots of action in this movie -LRB- in fact the back of the DVD you can read that 2/3 of the movie isnothing but fighting scenes . Even though the actresses are not very charismatic it was still funto watch .
 `` Kinsey '' is a fantastic , though polarizing biopic about the controversial Dr. Alfred Kinsey -LRB- played by Liam Neeson -RRB- , a rather square entomologist from Indiana , who eventually discovered that the sexual habits of humans were much more complex than anyone was willing to admit.With the challenge of telling Kinsey 's life story , writer/director Bill Condon covers a lot of ground , and develops Alfred from his repressed childhood and through his boring adult phase leading into the inspired controversial figure who was a hero to some and a social menace to others . His realization that the truth about human sexual behaviour defied public opinion fueled a national research campaign that led to his bestselling publication `` The Sexual Behavior in the Human Male . '' The reserch for the book supplies some of the most hilariously frank dialouge about sex that i 've ever seen , as well as some of the saddest confessionals . Suffice to say , the book raised some issues , eyebrows , and tempers.Though the controversy is the vehicle of the film , Condon steers Kinsey through his darkly personal stages of ambition , turbluance , and deterioration . Eventually , craving a more subjective perspective , Kinsey starts to experiment on himself , triggering a pattern of self destruction that he never fully recovers from.The film cuts through time as to spare us the potential danger of boredom that comes with every biopic . There are enough revleations and dilemmas to keep the viewer interested , though your level of interest may ultimately lie in your personal opinion , which you will certainly find yourself examining during this film . I do n't see this film doing so well in red states.Not just about a controversial figure , this is a timely story about social responsibility , censorship , fear , and honesty . One of 2004 's best films , with brilliant performances by Liam Neeson , Laura Linney , Lynne Redgrave , and Peter Sarsgaard .
 Kinsey , the man , is a fascinating character . Also fascinating are the depictions of a world not-too-long past where sexuality was taboo , and everyone was pretty much `` in the closet '' as regards that part of life . This movie provides an excellent opportunity to reflect on how this modern world , with the drawbacks it undoubtedly has , is at least blessed in that we can be more open and honest about these most basic and human topics . It gives us a chance to thank the people who made such a transition possible , and enlarge the scope of tolerance.I am glad for this movie . It had to be made.However , the execution of the film leaves a little something to be desired . Not the acting -- the acting is fine . But -LRB- and whether it happened in the writing or the directing or editing room , I do n't know -RRB- , the movie itself is all over the place . There are needless flashbacks , and needless black and white sequences , and the pacing is inconsistent . Also , there seems to be no climax -LRB- pun unintended -RRB- . The movie just sort of ends , without answering the questions that it appears to ask . Instead of being one film with beginning , middle and end , Kinsey appears to be a string of vignettes revolving around the man and his work . It is as though the creator of the film knew that there was a great story here to be told , but was a little unclear about * what * , exactly , that story was , or how to frame it.This movie is highly recommended for its subject and political/philosophical value , and is perfect for anything that will lead to discussions -LRB- like a movie group , or something -RRB- , but as cinematic art -- as storytelling -- it leaves a few things to be desired .
 Genre
 Galileo Galilei and scientists alike announced through in-depth research that the Earth was not flat and faced heavy persecution . Their different thinking broke the standards of the 16th century pious beliefs , which had been used a long time before scientists questioned the validity and reliability in what they observed . This offended the Catholic Church who proclaimed that they held the highest truth , a truth deeply rooted in unquestioned morality . The questioning of the religious beliefs triggered a witch-hunt of the scientists that disagreed with the moral teachings of the Catholic Church . However , the truth eventually emerged , as Galileo 's theories are still the instruments of current astronomical research that continues to evolve the human existence beyond the earth.The Catholic Church and Lutheran Church persecuted people with different ideas of Christianity . Those who desired to exercise their own freedom of religion sought refuge in America where they could exercise their freedom to express their own ideas of religion . After the War of Independence , the founding fathers formed the Congress that drafted the 10 amendments . The first amendment brings the people freedom of speech , which includes religion . However , the very same ideas that sought freedom in America later turned from being the persecuted to the persecutor , as these notions harassed new different thinkers . The notion of cyclical history comes to mind when scientists like Alfred Kinsey are being silenced based on morality and unfounded facts.Kinsey -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , a biologist , was brought up under strict puritan rules , as his father consistently proclaimed being the ultimate source of knowledge . In a sense he grew up with similar persecuting standards as Galileo , but instead of conforming to the rules he broke the bond with his father when he accepted a partial scholarship to Bowdoin to study biology . Kinsey 's father wanted him to become an engineer , which has a certain level of irony to it , as his father believed that all modern inventions at the beginning of the 20th century were evil . The pursuit of the biology degree brought him through Harvard to Indiana University where he took a position as an assistant professor while studying stag beetles and later the American Cynipidae also known as the gall wasp.Years of research and collecting the American Cynipidae allowed Kinsey to meticulously catalogue his gall wasp library . During this time Kinsey met his wife Clara -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- with whom he had three children . However , before having the children they had difficulties in the bedroom , as Clara assumed it was because they physically would not fit together . This was an unacceptable answer for Kinsey who approached the problem , as if there were an answer , which there was . It simply was painful for Clara to have sex as her hymen was too thick , and with a quick procedure by a doctor she had this fixed . Consequently , Kinsey continued to help other couples with problems of sexual nature , but realized that he did not have any real answers to the questions that were posed to him.In the 1940s , Kinsey got his chance to do teach a marriage course in regards to sex and the social aspects of sex between husbands and wives . As the class went on his interest deepened through the vast number of questions people asked in regards to sex . This concluded in Kinsey beginning to research the taboo ridden topic , which so many have been taught to avoid at all costs except for the purpose of having children . Kinsey opposed the abstinence with his statement , `` society has interfered with what should be a normal biological development ... `` The sex research forced Kinsey to travel uncharted waters , as he had to find a way to collect data that were valid and reliable . Through this process he design an interview style that had to be nonjudgmental in order for the interviewee to reveal everything without having to feel any negative feelings . This process gave them surprising facts about sex , as they also encountered homosexuality , extramarital affairs , and premarital affairs . They also found evidence of deviant sexual practices , which most of the society rightfully did not tolerate such as pedophilia . An important note to this is that Kinsey was only collecting data , he did not advocate harmful sexual practices . However , in the eyes of the society Kinsey was in the end drawn into the mud , as much of his intentions was misunderstood.Nonetheless , Kinsey helped breaking the ice of the forbidden issue that in the end opened up the society to understanding this hushed , but normal behavior . If Kinsey did not push the envelope the society might have continued its intolerance towards sexual issues , an intolerance that would force many to hide their true identity in the fear of repercussions and prejudice based on hatred and fear . For example , John Edgar Hoover created a profiling center for homosexuals and other undesirables . The very same intolerance would function as a shield that would have protected many of the Catholic priests that have been uncovered to molest children . It is thanks to Kinsey and researchers alike that it has become acceptable to discuss this taboo topic in media , where horrendous crimes such as child molesting can be caught . Yet , there are still many who believe that Kinsey was wrong to do what he did , and they are naturally free to have their own opinions . As they should let the truth be unveiled from darkness and not let erotophobia , i.e. , learned negative emotional response to information of sexual nature , affect any decision-making that could help human beings discover a better future.Kinsey is a political and potent film that will undoubtedly make many feel awkward and uncomfortable . Yet , it is also an important film , as it displays the importance of learning the truth and not hiding behind groundless rules and laws based on fictionalized morality . The film also has historical value to our contemporary society where many laws often are passed based on morality , which ends up hurting a fraction of the society and slows the progress of humanity . When this happens , history seems to be have drifted into oblivion as prejudice and intolerance continues to haunt the society . Hopefully , the film Kinsey offers an opportunity for debate and insightfulness , and not continued narrow-mindedness .
 I remember giggling about The Kinsey report in Jr. . High School back in the fifties . I was not sure exactly what it was about , but was also sure it had to do with excessive amounts of saliva . The sexual revolution came thereafter and folks realized that knowledge is power , but knowledge is not always emotionally authentic.I do not know if Kinsey is true to Kinsey 's life . Kinsey seems to have discovered from the physiology route what Freud had already suggested from the psychological . Using Freudian terms , civilization by its nature inhibits men and women for the practical systems , namely , the need for the father to know he has sired his own children in a non-incestuous marriage . Anything that interferes with the propagation of offspring is subdued , namely homosexuality , pleasure , or any perversion that interferes with civilization.Another interesting discovery of Kinsey , in this script , Kinsey realizes that all of civilized humankind is striving to be normal sexually . This herd instinct is in truth flying in the face of reality . After thousands of interviews , the only conclusion that is absolute about sexuality in an inhibited world is its variance , vast variance.As for the story , a bio-flic , nothing very exciting happens . After all , this is a stodgy man doing non-stodgy research . His insufferable father molds the future bi-sexual . The wife is a free spirit , and various sexual partners of both sexes make their appearances . The research team is a bit too randy , and then Kinsey gets old and dies . That is the plot . It fizzles in the last thirty minutes . Still , this is a good effort at intelligent bio-flic
 `` Kinsey '' is an extremely well-made and engrossing film , definitely one of the year 's very best . I knew next to nothing about the life of Alfred Kinsey when I walked into the movie theatre , but when I left it I wanted to know much more . Written and directed flawlessly by Bill Condon , whose previous work includes `` Gods and Monsters , '' this loving biopic captures the life and work of the complex Alfred Kinsey , whose books on male and female sexual behavior opened the eyes of the entire world . Before Kinsey , the majority of people knew next to nothing about sex . The impact of his findings on society is immeasurable.Liam Neeson plays the brilliant Alfred Kinsey , who escapes from a strict religious background to become a biologist and a professor at Indiana University . The fiercely inquisitive Kinsey meets and marries Clara MacMillan -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , and the two are both virgins on their wedding night . Their first sexual encounter is awkward and painful , and only after consulting a sex therapist can the two enjoy a pleasurable married life . Kinsey begins to counsel his students on sex , and eventually decides to form a reserach team to conduct interviews across the United States about people 's sexual behavior . Contrary to societal views at the time , Kinsey believed that there was no such thing as `` normal '' or `` perverted , '' there were only things that people did differently . Initially greeted with respect and fame , Kinsey was gradually became reviled by those who had praised him.Neeson gives a wonderful performance as the imperfect Alfred Kinsey , showing us a man who is driven to research by deep-seated emotional needs . He is sometimes blind to the pain he causes others , such as when he has an affair with Clyde Martin -LRB- the superb Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- for the sake of experience . As his devoted wife Clara , Laura Linney is also amazing . Her initial devastation upon learning of her husband 's affair gives way to her own awakening , and she eventually sleeps with Clyde herself . Clara loves Kinsey and understands him , and supports him without asking questions . Peter Sarsgaard also gives a terrrific performance as Clyde , definitely one of the best supporting turns of the year . Chris O'Donnell is also very good as one of Kinsey 's researchers , and John Lithgow is fearsome and ultimately touching as Kinsey 's repressed father.It 's very important that people see this film to see how significant a man Alfred Kinsey was . While extremely flawed as a person , his personal crusade to expose the truth about sexuality was a great act that made society stop hiding . At the end of the film Kinsey is interviewing an elderly woman -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- who found the courage to come out as a lesbian after reading Kinsey 's books . `` You saved my life sir , '' she says . He saved countless others , as well . He is worth remembering .
 I kid , really . This is a brilliantly thought-provoking film about the life of a man we all equate with , of course , sex . And the film does not shy away from any of the aspects of his methods , which is good for those of us who Kinsey would want to reach the most - those too sexually repressed to do so much as kiss before marriage . And those of us who simply do not understand.And I did love this movie , but I have a complicated qualm . By the end , I was so very sick and tired of hearing about studies of sex and how far Kinsey was going , I nearly went cross-eyed . But that 's hardly the movie 's fault because they are dealing with a man who was obsessed ! That was my personal reaction , however , and the only reason I could n't give it four stars . But the performances were brilliant , the script was complete , and this is a great film .
 Forget the subject matter . Forget the controversy . Condon 's script and movie are transcendent . From the first pained expression on Liam Neeson 's face -LRB- at the mention of his Father -RRB- to last talk with the elderly woman -LRB- who finds solace in Kinsey 's conclusion that she is not alone -RRB- , this movie is not to be missed . Acting is top notch , but it is the carefully mapped-out screenplay that delivers . I like Manhunter , but I 'm not a serial killer . I like Kinsey but do n't agree with all of his conclusions . That 's the whole point of a great film
 The director of critically acclaimed ` Gods and Monsters ' Bill Condon made another bio-pic about a historical figure whose name everyone knows through his ` reports , ' but few people actually know about himself . Well , the personality Alfred Kinsey is , according to the film , very unique.The film is about the life of Alfred Kinsey , entomologist of Indiana University before he was known for what he became later . After studying and collecting thousands of bees -LRB- yes , thousands and more -RRB- , he volunteers to give a lecture about marriage , or sex if you like , for the students in 1938 . The course was a popular one , which led him to another study on the behavior of humans - ` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male ' published in 1948 . But the film is not about his study , but his unbelievable personality , and very complicated relations between the people surrounding him , especially his wife Clara . If the film is true -LRB- and I believe Bill Condon must have done a through research -RRB- , Alfred Kinsey led a life -LRB- this case , sexually -RRB- that even the hippies in the 60s free love movement would not dare to follow . And Kinsey died in 1956 . However , you may not believe me , but for all its subject matter , ` Kinsey ' is not as controversial or shocking as it looks . That 's partly because some descriptions of the film are clearly subdued -LRB- or some say whitewashed -RRB- , but the main reason for the film 's well-balanced look on him is that the film never glorifies Kinsey as a man . ` Kinsey ' does n't refuse to show the negative side of his character , or at least it shows quite blatantly his eccentric personality , which often makes you smile , but is sometimes very off-putting even today . While the film implies Alfred as a boy is tormented by his religious father and his creed , Alfred ironically himself turns out the presence like his father before his own children , with his too much zeal for study . In one sense , it looks as if Kinsey got his fame as the pioneer because he is hopelessly nave.Another merit of the film is unanimously good acting . Liam Neeson plays an American scholar convincingly , and Laura Linney is also very good as his wife Clara . There are many supports from Chris O'Donnell , Peter Sarsgaard , Timothy Hutton , John Lithgow , Tim Curry , Oliver Platt , Dylan Baker , and Lynn Redgrave . Some actors are effectively cast against type , and if you remember his role as child molester in ` Happiness , ' you know Dylan Baker as Dr. Allan Gregg who worries about the ` shocking ' and ` immoral ' nature of Kinsey 's book is intentionally cast.I like the film 's re-creation of the period before WW2 , but in the latter half of the film ` Kinsey ' stops showing the feeling of the contemporary period , and starts to concentrate on depicting the struggles of the Kinseys and his researchers themselves . It 's strange , but you scarcely hear the news of wars , hot or cold . The film treats the battles between the opposing forces and Kinsey out of the historical context , and that attitude undermines the power that the film might have had . Though the conflict between the people over freedom and moral is an on-going matter , what happened about 50 years ago can not be the same as the one in modern times , in which people can talk about sex more freely . Showing the feeling of the time is not just about old cars and costumes ; it 's about putting the subject matter in the right context.But all in all I think ` Kinsey ' is a good film , and you can call it a good comedy at times . Do n't miss its occasional humor thrown in , like the pun about ` horses ' and something else . ` Kinsey ' is a well-made drama about the interesting characters with unique personalities .
 Great movie . Alfred Kinsey added greatly to our understanding of sexuality . It 's nice to learn more about him . And , Liam Neeson did a great job of making him come to life .
 Fantastic movie about fighting ignorance about sex in the 1950s . Shows what one person is capable of !
 It never occurred to me that watching a film about Dr. Kinsey would be like watching a dry documentary about a fascinating subject . That 's the impression one can get from the opening scenes -- but fortunately , the film improves as it goes on.The film is structured as a series of vignettes based on the sort of questions that were posed in the Kinsey Report which was widely read and published in the '50s -- and to some degree it works . We see how Kinsey himself came to regard sex and the study of it.JOHN LITHGOW is his puritan , uptight father -LRB- `` The decline of the Roman Empire was due to too frequent use of bathing '' -RRB- , revealed through questions posed by CHRIS O'DONNELL and TIMOTHY HUTTON as Kinsey workers being trained to ask the probing questions . LIAM NEESON has the title role as the professor with the bold teaching methods unafraid to talk about sex . LAURA LINNEY is the forthright student who encounters Kinsey at college and forms a relationship with him . She 's a brilliant scholar , a free thinker with a profound love of nature.Unfortunately , watching some of the scenes unfold are like watching paint dry despite sincere performances by Neeson and Linney who hold the story together . The first awkward sexual experience between Neeson and Linney in marriage is almost painfully awkward and unsettling to watch . We realize while watching the early portions of the film that we were really in the dark about sexuality until Kinsey boldly brought forth talk about masturbation , homosexuality , oral sex , etc. , which all were taboo subjects that kept everyone in the dark until his study was released.Despite all the graphic sex talk , the film itself manages to be rather more dry than might be expected -- and preachy , at that , when dealing with the regulations that governed sexual conduct in the 1950s and long before we treated sex as candidly as we do today in the media.But it has to be commended for making a strong point about raising a significant question
 This was the question I suggest that people wanted Kinsey to answer for them . Of course the human has a powerful sex drive . If you consider the human anatomy we are they only creature designed to make sex a satisfying physical and psychological activity.The two disc movie is the one to go for if you are interested in the background to Kinsey 's life . He told people the truth and many of us as Jack Nicholson once put it `` you ca n't handle the truth . '' Liam Neeson gave a great performance as the socialy and physically awkward poineer in sex reserach . Laura Linney , was warm and powerful as his wife `` Mac '' and John Lithgow was superb as both the priggish father of the young Kinsey and the sour and frail old man who at last gives his son the clue as to why he was so alienated from the human race.Let me just suggest that self-alienation begins with genital-alienation argument was inflicted on Kinsey 's father at 10 . A man so soured by this horrible abuse that he could attribute the `` fall of the Roman Empire to , to frequent bathing , '' or claim `` that rapmant adultary was the cause of earthquakes . `` This is n't telling much you about this wonderful film and nothing about Carter Buewell 's haunting music that conveyed so much of the sense of emotional isolation people felt in not being able to discuss their deepest drives.We should not forget the casting of Tim Curry -LRB- Dr. Frank-N-Furter -RRB- as the stuffy Dr. Thurman Rice who thought he 'd covered sex well enough in his sex hygiene class ~ the sort of tragic comic relief.At the end of the film when the embittered KInsey turns on Lynn Redgrave , his last interview when she says things have gotten a lot better and demands to know what happened to make things better.She takes his hand and replies , `` Why , you happened . You saved my life , sir . `` Just get the film , you 'll find it one of the most satisfying journeys of your life .
 Kinsey will be remembered as one of the best all time movies . Its rightly titled `` Lets talk about sex '' . The movie is tastefully done and will give you quite a chuckle about the prevalent sexual morals back then and would let you appreciate how important has been Kinsey 's work . A must watch engrossing movie . Give it a shot you will be glad after seeing this movie .
 The movie is entertaining but I am not sure if I agree with everything he says !
 The self-proclaimed morality police wo n't like this one much because part of the point of the movie is that they get in the way of people understanding important things , like the science of how their bodies function.Other than that , it 's a good movie . Well acted , moves along quickly .
 The most moving scene in the movie for me was when Kinsey interviewed an older women with eyes oddly placed so one was slightly below where it should be . She told how she had ruined her marriage , abused alcohol and generally tormented herself denying that she was a lesbian . Through Kinsey 's book , she discovered she was not alone , and had the nerve to confess her affection to her beloved , only to learn it was mutual . Now , finally she had three wonderful years of love . In contrast , those condemning her were vicious , petty and superstitious.The movie shows how much needless pain and suffering these sexually repressed people inflict on each other . We see these same meddling old biddies arising yet again . We need a new Kinsey to beat them back .
 I thought the movie was done very well considering the controversial character and subsequent subject matter that invites sensationalism . I gave this film four stars for its delivery of Sex and Kinsey although the movie really does little to explain much of anything except that no matter what era you live in sex can be very complicated emotionally among humans.The movie focused on Kinsey 's relationships with his wife and work on the study of sex at the time . I was surprised by the relationships Kinsey had with the people who helped him with his study and how the study changed his personal relationship with sex.Pretty much the movie is an appetizer to a much larger main course that you could only get in a book . So enjoy the movie but go out and read a book about Kinsey.girldiver : -RRB-
 Wow . Whoa . Wow.Having just seen a preview of the movie , I may still be too engrossed in `` processing '' it to be fair to it on any level other than as an indie film based on a true story . There 's far more to this film than that , but how much of it is understanding the impact that Alfred Kinsey , `` Prok '' -LRB- short for `` Professor K '' -RRB- , had on our society , and how much is the profundity of Liam Neeson 's brilliant protrayal of the man , I am still sorting out.I felt an instant kinship with Kinsey the character at the beginning of the film . His fascination with the gall wasp because of each individual wasp 's uniqueness is the same chord that drove me to major in biology in college . The fundamental truth of biology , as Professor Kinsey joyfully points out to his class , is that in the commonality of the species , the miracle of individual variation reigns . Yet that awe inspired by individual variation was the same drive that led him to try to describe the average , the median , and the mean of `` normal '' human sexual behavior.It also empowered him to conduct individual interviews with respect for the individual in a way that had never been contemplated before . I just read a very unintentionally funny `` conservative '' editorial criticizing the film for exalting a man whose scientific methods were so flawed . Criticize the man or the film on whatever moral grounds you choose , the fact is that Kinsey was a pioneer not only in gathering data about human sexual behavior , he was also a pioneer in developing the methodology of gathering data by individual survey . Of course his methods were flawed ! His surveying technique was all about `` on the job '' training , and he had to learn from his own mistakes . And many , many others , in other fields of endeavor , have learned both from his mistakes and from his successes.Showing the novelty of his ideas in an era of sexual repression ; mentioning Edgar Hoover and the FBI both wanting to use Kinsey and to vilify him ; and learning that it was the Rockefeller Foundation which initially funded his work , while his university was at first timid about sponsoring him ; hearing his father 's outrageously repressive sermons juxtaposed with Alfred Kinsey 's insistence on plain if shocking words , not euphemisms , for sex , define his place in our culture by highly contrastive ideas and experiences . It is clear that society wanted to know about sex ; it is also clear that they did n't know how much more they wanted to know.Liam Neeson is so good that even a great fan of his , which I am , can forget they are watching Neeson the actor , and watch him give Kinsey , this odd , eerily `` objective '' scientific observer , a characterization which makes him completely , humanly real , and strangely charming . Kinsey 's imperviousness to others ' reactions to him is the strength that enabled him to pioneer studying a field that previously had not even been discussed in polite society . The odd mix of courage and blindness to the outrage he left in his wake , the tactless curiosity and the respect for the individual that allowed his subjects to talk to him with fewer inhibitions than they had ever had , and the genuine love and caring he felt for his wife coupled with the self-righteousness he felt about his studies when his investigations into his own and others ' feelings hurt her , were some of the paradoxes that describe a man who thoroughly changed our culture . Whatever his studies showed , his legacy is that we can now talk about sex , and how profoundly that influenced the sexual revolution must be the study of historians , sociologists , and psychiatrists -LRB- not to mention politicians -RRB- everywhere.Neeson should almost certainly be on the Oscar `` best actor '' nominee list . Peter Sarsgaard , who plays Kinsey 's assistant Clyde Martin , will , I hope , finally receive an overdue nomination for Best Supporting Actor . Laura Linney as Kinsey 's wife Clara McMillen is very , very good , but though there is `` Oscar buzz '' about her performance , and she is wonderful , I think her performance is slightly less awe-inspiring than Neeson 's and Sarsgaard 's . I enjoyed the ironic deliciousness of Tim Curry playing the professor who decried the salaciousness of Kinsey 's work , and have come to depend on Oliver Platt to be good in good movies . Lynne Redgrave as the final interviewee was dessert , a little lagniappe on top of every other fine detail.The music was half-and-half ; half very good , half `` off '' and distracting . The first minutes of the film which were not involved with the interview of Kinsey by his assistants were so disconnected that I had the sense the entire movie would be jumpy , which it was not
 Before I watched this film , I already knew a little bit about Kinsey . I took a course on human love and sexuality in college , and we talked quite a bit about his work as part of that curriculum . I thought a dramatization of his life and work would be fascinating , and it was.Kinsey was a biologist who broke from studying gall wasps in the 1940s to focus on human sexuality . He 'd noticed that there was no actual scientific research on the subject , and he was appalled at the misinformation -LRB- and moral stranglehold -RRB- on the subject in society . He conducted thousands of face-to-face interviews with subjects about their sex histories , and he published two volumes about sexual behavior -LRB- male and female -RRB- . The Kinsey Institute -LRB- which studies sex , gender , and reproduction -RRB- still operates today at Indiana University.I freely acknowledge that the film , at times , can be difficult to watch . Kinsey definitely contains nudity and sensitive subject matter . However , the grounding force of it all became Liam Neeson , in an inspired turn as the troubled scientist . He becomes the mouthpiece for many of Kinsey 's actual complaints - how the subject of sex was closeted in American society , how difficult it was to find funding for sex research because of moral overtones , how we as a society could not begin to discuss sex with any certainty because we had n't studied it , etc. . Neeson played Kinsey with such sensitivity , such professionalism ; he was the heart of the film.I also appreciated how the film dealt with the personal issues/problems of the various characters , including Kinsey , his wife , and the members of his research staff . It illustrated how difficult it probably was for all of them to study sex , think about sex , talk about sex all the time without it affecting them in adverse ways . It showed how difficult it was for them to separate the sex act from the idea/feeling of love . -LRB- There was a wonderful premise introduced early in the film about how Kinsey decided that love could n't be studied because it was impossible to measure . So Kinsey studied sex , the closest thing to love that he could study . I like that sentiment , for some reason . -RRB- Anyway , if you are interested in Kinsey , his life , and his work , I think this film is a fairly accurate treatment of the man . Be prepared for nudity and adult issues , but most of all , be prepared to ask yourself questions and re-examine what you think about sex , love , and society .
 Kinsey indeed did the nation a favor when he published his studies of the sex habits of the American male and female and the nation finally got a chance to see what was actually being done sexually versus the repressive conventions of the times that had many people believing that they were sexually abnormal . However , if the facts of the movie are largely true , it seems that Kinsey fell victim to the same basic fallacy as Ayn Rand . Kinsey seemed to believe that just because something - in this case sex - can be described and studied objectively , that it can and should be practiced objectively . For example , Kinsey plunged into a homosexual affair with his assistant - with his wife 's full knowledge - because he wanted to explore a side of himself he felt he had been repressing . His wife seems quite hurt by the revelation , but later she embarks on an affair with the same assistant when he tires of her husband , apparently with Kinsey 's encouragement . Maybe this worked for the Kinseys , but for most people this type of behavior would break a relationship . It also seemed odd that Kinsey was as insistent and preachy about adults being sexually liberated as his father had been with the opposite viewpoint , ultimately alienating his own son just as his father had alienated him.In the long run Kinsey 's work was key to decriminalizing all kinds of sexual behavior that had been considered deviant up to that time . Because , as Kinsey states , `` Everybody 's sin is nobody 's sin . And everybody 's crime is no crime at all '' .
 Kinsey is a powerful presentation whose major strength lies in the issues it forces us to confront and the surprise we experience when we realize that while indeed sexual attitudes have relaxed somewhat , one would have thought we would have come infinitely further these days - it is quite an eye-opener when we see that we indeed still have a ways to go.Liam Neeson and Laura Linney are a powerful pair giving wondrous performances as they personify the sex doctor and his intelligent wife . The supporting cast rounds out the project to present a compelling look at sexual research and the price the man who tried to demystify sexual behavior had to pay for that research.Of course Dr Kinsey , in his quest to learn , totally discounted the emotional aspect of his study so that at times even his wife as well as a male liaison could not tell if he genuinhely cared about them or if they were simply subjects to be studied . It is also a very interesting dichotomy that he ended up mistreating his own son exactly the way his father had mistreated him.The film should certainly spark discussion and I had to smile at myself when the realization set in that even some of the sexual issues addressed made me uncomfortable at first simply because they were so frankly dealt with . I can imagine it must have been a REAL struggle in the 50s to tackle some of these subjects.Of course one of the biggest drawbacks to Dr Kinsey 's research is that while he tried , almost blindly , to maintain objectivity in his quest for understanding sexual behavior , he unintentionally provided an avenue for those who had true seuxal dysfunctions that needed to be addressed in individual therapy sessions , to compromise the integrity of the research.However , the biggest thing I applaud this film for exemplfying is that it very adequately supports my stance that in the final analysis sexual/emotional connection transcends sexual preference but is about the intimacy and timbre of the relationship itself . Even in 2006 that is still a very powerful lesson to learn.I HIGHLY recommend !!!!!!!
 `` Kinsey '' is written and directed by Oscar winner Bill Condon and has an all-star -LRB- and a great -RRB- cast featuring Liam Neeson , Laura Linney , Peter Sarsgaard , Chris O'Donnel , Timothy Hutton , John Lithgow , and Oliver Platt . `` Kinsey '' scored 3 Golden Globe nominations including Best Picture and an Oscar nomination for Laura Linney . The movie is based on the life of Alfred Kinsey , a person I had no knowledge of prior to viewing this film . The movie is very entertaining , well told with some great dialouge and acting -LRB- for a bio-pic anyway -RRB- . But , anyway Neeson -LRB- who should 've got an Oscar nomination -RRB- plays Professor Alfred Kinsey , nicknamed Prok by his students . Prok studies and teaches about gall wasps and meets a student named Clara -LRB- Linney -RRB- who is one of the few women expressing interest in wasps herself . Clara eventually aquires the nickname Mac and the two get married . Both are virgins and after experiencing sex , Prok becomes fascinated with it and the ignorance of sex that people have . Kinsey takes it on himself to teach people about it and only becomes more and more interested as times goes on . The movie takes some weird turns , like when Prok hires his first assistant Clyde -LRB- Sarsgaard , who I usually like but for some reason acts better in independent films -RRB- and the two begin to have a homosexual relationship . At one point , Clyde even has sex with Mac . Eventually Kinsey recruits two other assistants -LRB- Hutton & O'Donnel , both great -RRB- and so on . As I said the movie is well told , entertaining throughout . Not only is the movie interesting , but the lessons Kinsey -LRB- Neeson -RRB- teaches in the movie are interesting too . A few scenes had me busting up laughing -LRB- think the mexican guy . `` It 's true , I had sex with pony . How 'd you know -RRB- . Some of the things discussed in the movie are cringe worthy , when they discuss subjects like child molestation and beastiality but whatever . A -
 Since its publication sixty years ago , the first Kinsey Report -LRB- real title : Sexual Behavior in the Human Male -RRB- has taken on mythic proportions for its groundbreaking look at never-before-examined human sexual habits . Dr. Alfred Kinsey is certainly worthy of a film biopic , and writer-director Bill Condon embraces the idea with a healthy respect for his subject , a strong sense of period atmosphere , and the same wry sense of humor he displayed in his fanciful James Whale tale , Gods and Monsters . Condon effectively uses as a black-and-white framing device , the preparation for the interview process by which Kinsey and his staff surveyed people about their sexual habits . The director shows how Kinsey painstakingly teaches his research team how to get their hundreds of interview subjects to open up and speak freely about their sexual histories and as a result , revolutionized the way we think about sex . The 2004 film does n't shy away from the double standards that exist to this day regarding the candor and explicitness of Kinsey 's findings.What resonates most is how Kinsey strove to break down barriers and taboos and social conventions , while continuing to be a flashpoint for the religious right as the instigator of the sexual revolution and the downfall of morality . The acting by the two leads is superb and unexpected . Liam Neeson gives a fierce and fearless performance in the title role , an obsessive-compulsive biologist who does n't bat an eyelash when he translates the methodology he used in studying gall wasps into his forbidding survey of human sexuality . Neeson pitches his characterization between eccentric and megalomaniac and lets the doctor 's maddening genius pour out of him without caution . As his plainspoken wife , Clara McMillen , Laura Linney imbues what could have been a passive role with a searching intelligence as she willingly stands by her brilliant husband but not without injecting her own sensibilities into their marriage . She and Neeson manage a terrific rapport based on a mutual respect and intellectual fascination . They play out their first sexual experience with honesty and conviction , though truthfully , both are way too long in the tooth to be credible as college students early in the story.Peter Sarsgaard gives a subtle , often incisive portrayal of Clyde Martin , the bisexual researcher who successfully seduces both Kinsey and his wife but ultimately falters when he marries and finds his wife cheating on him . As Clyde 's fellow research colleagues , Chris O'Donnell is the swaggering Wardell Pomeroy and Timothy Hutton is the slick , mustachioed Paul Gebhard , but neither leaves that much of an impression since their characters are designed as male archetypes rather than full-blooded characters . Oliver Platt plays his usually facile , comic self as Kinsey 's one consistent supporter , Indiana University president Herman Wells , especially when Kinsey 's work became too notorious for public figures to become sponsors or even to associate with him . Tim Curry seems to be making fun of his own Rocky Horror past by playing an uptight professor jealous of Kinsey 's success . In little more than cameo roles that turn into memorable turns , the film includes William Sadler as a sexual satyr , John McMartin as philanthropist Huntington Hartford and Lynn Redgrave as a lesbian thankful to Kinsey for his research.The one presumptive flaw of the film is the expectation that the viewer is already aware of the full historical context of Kinsey 's work . More exposition would have been helpful . The weakest scenes , however , are the predictably drawn flashbacks to Kinsey 's childhood , when he experienced an unfulfilled crush on an Eagle Scout , masturbated in shame , and eventually left home in rebellion against a brutally puritanical father . The father is played with fire-and-brimstone fury by John Lithgow , who seems to be channeling the same role he played inFootloosetwenty years ago . The scene where he reveals his own sexual secrets years later with his son seems particularly contrived . The film also falters somewhat during the darker denouement after Kinsey falls ill . Regardless , the primary story is successful in stirring passion and sparking debate just exactly Kinsey would have wanted.The two-disc 2005 DVD set offers solid extras . Disc One provides the film along with an optional commentary from Condon . He is informative without being pedantic about not only the topic , especially the inhibitions that exist to this day about sex , but also the complexities of the production . The centerpiece of Disc Two is the ninety-minute documentary , `` The Kinsey Report
 Yes , this is a movie about SEX . Heterosexuality , homosexuality , bisexuality , bestiality , pedophilia and other forms of sexual activities perfumed by the Human animal and the scientist -LRB- Dr. Kinsey -RRB- that studied them and his life are at the core of this film . The film also tries to answer the question of love and its relationship to sex and the consequences of sex . Yup , it 's all about sex , folks!At a time when `` morality '' and `` sex '' are pretty high in the collective American psyche , this film can be safely deemed the timeliest film of the year . It will provoke a lot of uneasy questions in the minds of millions of people -LRB- especially in those Red States -RRB- , which wo n't be that different from the affect Dr. Kinsey 's book had back in the 40 's . Let 's face it ; sex is never an easy subject . It 's an intimate , very personal issue that most people are reluctant to tackle openly . Dr. Kinsey 's argument , thus the movie 's , is that it 's very natural for a single human being to experience different sexual desires . Whether or not it is `` legal '' to act on those desires is another issue.The film is very bold and honest in its portrayal of Dr. Kinsey 's life and research . Expect to see still images of productive organs copulating -LRB- I wonder how that 'll go in the Red States ! -RRB- The acting is superb , the soundtrack is pretty and the cinematography is amazing . All in all , a unique , very rewarding moviegoing experience . Highly recommended !
 Because of Prof. Kinsey 's work.That 's the premise of this movie . I was fascinated to learn that Kinsey was , by background , a zoologist and self-described taxonomist . I guess he was very unqualified to do the work that he did.In fact , that precise lack of qualification is what allowed him to think outside the box -LRB- a worn but apt cliche -RRB- and make his scientific study of sex.Our society 's commitment to non-judgmental treatment of sexuality derived so much from his work . Our society 's fanatical dedication to pleasuring ourselves also resulted . The core question
 Let me come right out and say this
 Liam Neeson delivers an extraordinary performance as Dr. Alfred Kinsey , the man generally regarded as the father of sexology , which is the systematic , scientific study of human sexuality . The biologist/entomologist/zoologist 's groundbreaking 1948 publication , `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male , '' and his 1953 study `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Female , '' generated tremendous controversy throughout post-World War II America . His research on human sexuality profoundly influenced social and cultural values in the United States especially in the late 1960 's , and was an important influence on the sexual revolution . Laura Linney , as Kinsey 's wife Clara , is equally superb , as are writer-director Bill Condon 's , -LRB- `` Gods and Monsters '' -RRB- , creative efforts . Condon effectively captures the complex person who was Alfred Kinsey , with all his inconsistencies , as a man and as a scientist.Kinsey conducted his studies , which had never been performed before , because he felt so strongly that some kind of `` hard evidence '' was needed to inform the pubic about sexuality and `` normalcy , '' especially given the untruths and rumors about this topic which so effects all of our lives . Before Kinsey 's studies , most information that was circulated about sex was born of ignorance , prudishness and religious zealotry . People do not realize today how naive , confused , and forgive me , but absolutely ignorant , many were in the 1930 's , 40 's , and 50 's about sex . Misconceptions far outnumbered accurate information . These untruths had negative , sometimes disastrous repercussions on many marriages . The sociological aspects of the film are as interesting as the biographical.Kinsey 's early years are portrayed with accuracy and sensitivity . The son of a rigid , authoritarian engineering professor and Sunday preacher , -LRB- a downright nasty person , actually -RRB- , Kinsey eventually rebelled and left engineering school and home , against his father 's wishes , to become a Harvard-educated zoologist obsessed with the gall wasp . Kinsey 's obsessive behavior is one of his major characteristics , which director Condon occasionally gives a humorous slant to . Also brought out in the film is Kinsey 's sickly and lonely boyhood , and his love of the natural world , where he found emotional as well as physical release through hiking , climbing , swimming and observing creatures in the wild . He is given the nickname Prok , -LRB- PROfessor K -RRB- , while teaching at the University of Indiana , where he meets his Clara -LRB- McMillan -RRB- , a warm , witty wonderful woman who loves him enough to be patient and understanding with his genius.Both are virgins on their wedding night , and uninformed about sex except for the basics . Their difficulties and the manner in which they resolve them , turn Kinsey 's focus from the wasp to human sexuality . He recruits a team of researchers , among whom are Clyde Martin -LRB- Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- , Wardell Pomeroy -LRB- Chris O'Donnell -RRB- , and Paul Gebhard -LRB- Timothy Hutton -RRB- , who all excel in their roles.Although much of the bio-pic deals with the research , this is anything but boring cinema ! The sheer chemistry between Linney and Neeson , who have worked together before , is palpable . Together they make it obvious that while love can not be measured scientifically , deep abiding love , which endures , is what counts ... and lasts!There is a cameo appearance by Lynn Redgrave in `` Kinsey '' which is as moving as it is meaningful . It earned her an Academy Award nomination . On a personal note , I was a kid in the 1950 's and early 60s , and remember clearly my early , basic sexual education -LRB- outside the home - not from my relatively open parents -RRB- , and society 's prudishness , -LRB- from my small window -RRB- , about all things sexual . Even though I grew up in a home with `` liberal views '' about providing accurate sexual information , one picks up a lot from one 's peers . Many of the young men I dated , although they definitely pushed for premarital sex , only wanted to marry virgins . And both male and female friends thought a variety of sexual practices , which we now consider quite `` normal , '' were bizarre . Kinsey 's studies , and the changes in sexual attitudes and mores in the late 1960 's and 1970 's , were and are so beneficial to our society . I am not talking about promiscuity , or even about pre-marital sex . I am talking about the freedom to discuss , with little or no inhibition , sexual matters with friends and mates.A really good film , very informative and brilliantly acted and directed.JANA
 `` Kinsey '' , starring Liam Neeson and Laura Linney , explores the true story of sex researcher Dr. Alfred Kinsey . It received three Golden Globe nominations and one Oscar nomination for 2004 . As Kinsey discovers more information on the truths about sex , many people around the country either loved him or hated him . Regardless , everybody knew who he was in the early to mid 1900 's . His teachings as a professor influenced his students and his audiences . Meanwhile , some people try to stop him from continuing his studies . Through everything , he stays true to his word and works harder to teach people that sex is perfectly natural . In fact , some sex acts which some consider taboo are performed much more often than they think.Bill Condon directed and wrote this film brilliantly . Much of it was adapted from Kinsey 's books `` Sexual Behavior In the Human Male '' and `` Sexual Behavior In the Human Female '' . Through the exploration of Kinsey 's discoveries , it unveals how he became so influencial to millions and how he compiled the information . This film presents these details in a graphic sense that forces audiences to step out of their comfort zone . Many other film creators have been hesitant to express these sexual desplictions in this manner . All are necessary to share Kinseys methods and inner thoughts . Beyond the autobiographical details is the emotional value placed within the characters and the storyline . It shows the struggles the many of the lead characters endured during this life journey , namely through the family . Therefore , the inner intentions are presented well.Liam Neeson plays Dr. Alfred Kinsey beautifully . Words can not possibly describe his wonderful performance in this film . Neeson 's research for his role is obvious as he mastered many of Kinsey 's real-life mannerisms . The emotional value through Kinsey 's actions are beautifully acted . Equally impressive is Laura Linney 's performance as Alfred 's wife , Clara Kinsey . Through the last few years , she 's evolved greatly as an outstanding actress . This film and `` P.S. '' , also of 2004 , proves the extent . Though all the other performers present their strengths greatly through their roles -LRB- Chris O'Donnell , Timothy Hutton , Dylan Baker , Tim Curry , Peter Sarsgaard , and others -RRB- , Neeson and Linney stand out.Such tremendous film quality makes `` Kinsey '' worth watching multiple times . New film details -LRB- there are several -RRB- will be discovered through multiple viewings . Through all of them , this will surely please many of its audiences .
 Should have won best actor for this role ; hands down!Great , innovative storytelling ; other than completely avoiding that Kinsey was an Atheist , this movie hits a great balance of humor , storytelling , drama , documentary , and education . A work of film genius . In many ways much better than MDB and way beyond Avaitor . But this is not a PC movie by any means such that it was ignored by the Awarding Gods . Big Mistake !
 Alfred Kinsey , the pioneer sex researcher , gets the cinematic treatment in `` Kinsey , '' written and directed by Bill Condon . Liam Neeson lends both strength and vulnerability to his portrayal of a man obsessed with taking sexuality out of the dark ages and into the realm of scientific inquiry.Kinsey was born to a sweet mother and a fire and brimstone preacher of a father , played with self-righteous cruelty and bombast by John Lithgow . Kinsey senior railed against sexuality from the pulpit and he ruled his children with an iron hand . Whenever he could , young Alfred fled to the woods where he began his lifelong love affair with nature . He later obtained a doctorate in zoology , which led to a college teaching career at Indiana University and an interest in entomology.Eventually , Kinsey saw another way that he could serve society . He would amass a large survey that would document how people behave sexually . To help him , Kinsey would recruit assistants who would interview the subjects and record their responses . The data from these interviews would be published in a scientific study of human sexuality . Kinsey 's 1948 book on sexual behavior in males was an immediate sensation . His later work on female sexuality was not as well received , partly because the country was in the midst of a Cold War . Many influential people thought that Kinsey was helping the Communists undermine America 's moral values.Neeson is a superb actor whose eyes and mannerisms express his thoughts as much as his words do . His portrays Kinsey as a maverick and a crusader who is so obsessed by his desire to quantify sexual behavior , that he becomes blind to the harm that he is doing to his family and to his young associates . Laura Linney is luminous as Mac , Kinsey 's wife , a woman who finds herself at the center of a maelstrom as a result of the controversy surrounding her husband . `` Kinsey '' has many moments of laugh-out-loud humor . Dr. Kinsey punctures people 's pomposity , both in and out of the classroom , with his frank and shocking speech . There is an amusing segment in which Kinsey tries to encourage newlyweds to become more comfortable with one another physically , and another in which a woman describes how Kinsey 's work helped her achieve sexual fulfillment.I must insert the caveat that there are graphic scenes of nudity and sexual behavior in this film as well as explicit conversations about sex that may offend some viewers.In addition , the film falters at the end when Condon tacks on some heavy-handed scenes in which the media , the clergy , and others take pot shots at Kinsey , vilifying him for the moral and social harm he is doing . However , if you like controversy and you want to see some fine acting , fasten your seat belts and see `` Kinsey . ''
 The first word that comes to my head about this film , is how brave Kinsey was , talking about sex in America in 50 's ... Apart from the fact that as a person I think he was an example of living wiht our own fears and try to superate them , I think that the film it 's really good . The director must be also a brave man , because the world of today seems to be almost like in 50 's when we talk about sex.I think that Condon has made a very good job , it is quite elegant , he talks about everything and shows everything he can.Liam Neeson makes a brilliant performance , because at the end of the film you think about Kinsey as a really scientist , but very human as well.Laura Linney is also great , but her role is not so well constructed I think.A great soundtrack too . I recomend this film to everyone . Elegant , brave and makes you think about you own fears and bravery .
 In 1948 Alfred Kinsey -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , a Harvard-educated zoologist and teacher at Indiana University , wrote the first and only in-depth study of American sexual behavior `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male . '' It was a huge best-seller and opened the door to the truth behind sexuality that had for so long been hidden by puritanical forces in the government and the pulpit . It also caused problems in Kinsey 's own life once he published its companion piece , `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Female . '' He also created the famous Kinsey scale that rates sexual orientation
 ` Kinsey ' , a film that tells the story of sex researcher Dr. Alfred Kinsey , will like most films of controversial characters from recent history , affect its viewers largely according to how they come down on the controversy . In this case , the controversy is between those who identify most closely with the late sexual revolution and those in the camp of the ongoing counter sexual revolution . As this film has a highly sympathetic take on Kinsey 's story , those counter revolutionaries are best advised to avoid it , unless they wish to use it to work themselves into righteous outrages . Those like me , whose sympathies lie with the spirit of the sexual revolution will find not outrage , but a fine film.The film deftly weaves together Kinsey 's personal and professional lives , showing one as the natural extension of the other . Much of his motivation is explained through two important family relationships - his rejection of his father , portrayed here by John Lithgow as an insufferably puritanical prig , and his extraordinary , unorthodox marriage partnership with a remarkable , free thinking woman , a role played superbly by Laura Linney -LRB- who deserved to win the best actress Oscar for which she was nominated -RRB- . Liam Neeson played Kinsey as obsessively focused and driven , often domineering , and nearly evangelical in his quest to liberate sexuality from the darkness of Puritanism and prudishness into the light of pure science . It is through his relationships with his family that he emerges as such a sympathetic character . Even his research assistants are shown as becoming a sort of extended family to him , continuing that theme.The film does not present Kinsey as a faultless hero . He is portrayed as sometimes so obsessed with his quest as to become myopic ; unable to foresee how his research would release certain raging wild fires into a society long accustomed to the restrains of Puritan social mores . It even touches on the possibility of irregularities within his research , but here it is shown as a small problem easily overcome rather than the overwhelming fault that would discredit the entirety of the man and his research as his detractors like to imagine . But these faults humanize rather than destroy the legend of a man who dedicated his life to bringing rationality to human sexuality.Scattered throughout the film are several devices used to tell the story , including flashbacks and black and white footage of practice interviews Kinsey conducted with his researchers , but despite this , the film still flows along nicely . In addition to the outstanding leads of Neeson and Linney , the supporting roles are strong , including a notable performance from Peter Sarsgaard as Kinsey 's principle research assistant . It is a good tale , and a fine film , and has my recommendation.Theo Logos
 I give high marks for the film `` Kinsey . '' In this region I had to travel to Battle Creek , MI to see it , not my usual city for seeing movies . So , was the film `` Kinsey '' too strong a movie for where I live 30 miles away ? In seems possibly so , though just rated R. Even years ago , Kinsey 's book `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' was kept off some public library shelves -- perhaps a little too strong for the readership.This movie was particularly intriguing regarding Kinsey 's family background and his professional training and career as an entomologist who studied the Goss Wing for years . Motivated to change his area of study because of students who consulted with him about sex , Kinsey began gathering data from thousands of volunteers across the nation thus applying the scientific method to a new field of study.It was interesting to hear of the old wives tales and Victorian/Puritanical prudery concerning sex prevalent in Kinsey 's day . Likewise , I heard plenty of the religious right 's views . Kinsey wanted to study human sex without these layers of superstition and misinformation.At the peak of his career as a scientific sexologist , Kinsey walked into the quagmire of political correctness . This was during an era of congressional inquiry concerning the private non-profit organizations like the Rockefeller Foundation which financed Kinsey 's pivotal studies about human sex.This movie , in my opinion , produced a well-balanced view of how a classically trained biologist researched this bomb shattering field of human sexuality . It also showed how Dr. Kinsey 's reports shattered the folkways and mores of his era , consistent with my recollections of the time.Add this to some very fine acting by Liam Neeson as Dr. Alfred Kinsey and a fantastic supporting cast and you get a great movie on this topic.I want to own the DVD when it comes out .
 It 's funny to me that in the year that has been labeled ` the year of the biopic ' it was the better of them all that was shunned by Oscar . Sure , ` Kinsey ' is a very blunt and somewhat offensive biopic , but it is one of the better crafted and superbly constructed of the many that were dropped on us in 2004 . It is superior to ` Finding Neverland ' in the acting department ; it is superior to ` The Aviator ' is its ability to grasp the sense of character and it is superior to ` Ray ' in its technical construction , allowing the audience to delve into Alfred Kinsey without hesitation . The three aforementioned films all received a Best Picture nomination at the 2004 Oscars , and while I ca n't say that I would have nominated any of these films in that category -LRB- such a strong year fro film -RRB- I can honestly say that ` Kinsey ' is the better film overall * . The film tells the story of Alfred Kinsey , a professor who indulged his own sensual cravings by creating a study of human sensuality -LRB- it 's really hard to write a review about this film when the most harmless of descriptive words can get your review banned -RRB- . His strict religious parents are much apposed to his lifestyle but this does n't stop him from exploring a subject that so many see as taboo . Enlisting the help of some eager young students -LRB- not to mention his understanding yet suppressed wife Clara -RRB- Kinsey interviews thousands of men and women for his study , asking very frank yet very pertinent questions.The film is much more than a film about sensuality , it is a film about humanity and the blinders that some of us put up in order to justify our passions . As Kinsey pushes forward with his study he begins to push those around him away as the emotionally destructive course they set for themselves begins to crush in around them . Kinsey finds himself unaffected by the emotional weight , but he can not help but be affected by the distance between himself and lovers.Liam Neeson is outstanding as Kinsey , devouring whole this mans every inhibition . He delivers one of the strongest performances of the year , so strong that it baffles me Jamie Foxx , Leonardo DiCaprio and especially Johnny Depp received Oscar nominations over Neeson . His sincerity and honesty is seen all over his face as the weight of his project begins to sink in . Laura Linney -LRB- the sole Oscar nominee in the bunch -RRB- is very good here , if not a bit overrated . I hate saying this , because she is lovely , but she is not the films standout . She delivers a relatable and likable performance , but she tends to float out of focus when sharing the screen with the films other stars . Chris O'Donnell actually turns out a very good performance , as does John Lithgow -LRB- who just shines with all sorts of blessed light -RRB- who portrays Alfred 's father with tremendous power . Oliver Platt and Tim Curry and Timothy Hutton all take their limited roles and make them bigger than they really are ... but I want to take a few minutes to bask in the greatness that is Peter Sarsgaard . I mean , seriously , this young man may be the actor of our generation . Every performance he has delivered has been strong and admirable , and yet the Academy still insists on snubbing him -LRB- from ` Boys Do n't Cry ' to ` Shattered Glass ' to ` Kinsey ' and ` Jarhead ' this young man should be a four time nominee at this point -RRB- . His portrayal of Kinsey 's lapdog Clyde is phenomenal . His lusting for Kinsey is desirable and believable ; his tenderness as a friend and lover is endearing and his frustrated feeling of betrayal is heartbreaking . He delivers such a well rounded and grounded performance that I am ashamed he was snubbed come Oscar time.And then there is his `` would you like to ? '' line to Kinsey in the hotel room ; the single greatest line reading of the entire year . That scene took my breath away , and that is not too easy to do . ` Kinsey ' is a very blunt film . There are a lot of conversations and graphic depictions that may turn some heads and leave you feeling a little offended -LRB- there is one particular interview , one for which Wardell actually gets up and leaves , that left me feeling quite uneasy -RRB- . If you can look past the films in-your-face qualities though , you can see the beauty that lies within each frame . This is one of those biopic 's that gets it all right and delivers a truly satisfying and memorable movie experience . * Looking back over my reviews I noticed that I gave some pretty high ratings to the three Oscar nominated biopic 's , none of which really deserved the love I showered on them . I gave ` Finding Neverland ' an A , which is quite extreme . I am not really hating myself for it -LRB- it is a children 's biopic , and a very sweet family film -RRB- but it does n't deserve five stars , maybe four would be better . I gave both ` Ray ' and ` The Aviator ' four stars , and both probably deserve three , especially ` Ray ' which only gets worse every time I see it . I 'd give ` The Aviator ' a low B , so it keeps its four stars , and ` Ray ' a C , so I 'd like to drop the rating to three stars . I ca n't , but I 'd like to .
 KINSEY is the story of Alfred Kinsey , here played by Liam Neeson , the author of `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Female '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , both of which raised , um , eyebrows.As the film succinctly shows , Alfred , the son of a puritanical minister that went so far as to rail against zippers for giving idle hands easy access to occasions for sin , grew up to be a zoologist whose obsession with collecting and studying the gall wasp gained him a measure of obscurity . However , after marrying Clara McMillen -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , with whom he achieved sexual liberation after sorting out a few physical impediments with the help of a knowledgeable physician , Kinsey achieved local notoriety at Indiana University by teaching an enlightened and graphic sex education course for students and staff . It was there that he first utilized questionnaires to elicit personal sexual histories , the methodology , administered by trained interviewers , that he later used in the thousands across the nation to build the database for his two books . In KINSEY , we also see depicted the Kinsey couple 's unconventional sexual relationship , as well as those of Alfred 's cadre of interviewers and their wives . Hugh Hefner would 've been proud to have the investigative team over to his mansion for a frolic.Insofar as it goes , KINSEY appears to give a reasonably accurate summary of the sex researcher 's bio . I base this conclusion on my own sketchy knowledge of the subject , hastily gleaned from a website . The film does skip over a couple of minor points . It does n't share that Alfred was an atheist who thought Judeo-Christian sexual ethics repressive . It also seamlessly transitions from Kinsey 's sex-ed class at IU into his larger national study without revealing that he was replaced as the class instructor because his lecture content was too racy for the times . In any case , Neeson 's performance is certainly worth an Oscar nomination for Best Actor , and perhaps Linney for Best Actress also.Perhaps hoping to be on the cutting edge of sexual expression , as were Kinsey 's two books , KINSEY has two brief shots of full-frontal male nudity -LRB- involving supporting actor Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- , something not often seen in American theatres in mainstream releases . Kinsey would be pleased.KINSEY is a finely crafted , entertaining , and instructive look at a simpler time and place before AIDS and HIV became parts of the sexual equation .
 I was prepared to have my negative feelings about Kinsey confirmed in this movie . I 'd heard that he took a cold accounting approach to his sex studies , that he had basically been a taxonomist/entomologist who had transferred his skills at categorizing and dissecting insects -LRB- specifically gall wasps -RRB- to tallying human behavior . But this movie introduced me to someone a lot more sympathetic , innocent , and complicated than that . It introduced me to someone never quite in on the joke.The film does inform viewers about Kinsey 's working methods and the dynamics of his relationship with the graduate students he recruited to help with the burgeoning workload as he sought to interview a huge cross-section of the American population about their sexual habits and preferences . It shows how he attempted to train his associates in impassive objectivity , so as not to frighten any of their interview subjects into falsifications.I would like to have learned more about how Kinsey translated the sometimes almost stream-of-consciousness reflections he elicited from study subjects -LRB- including one particularly repulsive , absolutely unrepentant pedophile -RRB- - into the crisp numeric tallies on his sheets of paper . But perhaps such details of his study are best left to documentaries about his life.This movie was n't meant to be a documentary . It was meant to provide some emotional insight into the man himself . The heart of the movie is his relationship with his wife , and the heart of that relationship is Laura Linney 's portrayal of Clara . They had an unconventional romance from the start . One of the most touching scenes shows Kinsey celebrating Clara by giving her a clumpy pair of walking shoes . She greets these with sincere pleasure . She shines in anticipation of all the places they can tramp together , with her in such a `` sensible '' pair of shoes.The movie proceeds to take us through some of the ups and downs of their open marriage . Kinsey is a pioneer in equality , wondering why his wife is n't getting as much pleasure out of their sexual relationship as he is - a question few husbands in that era would even think to ask . He sets out to investigate the process of pleasure scientifically and to set things right . As their marriage matures , Kinsey has his affairs - with both men and women . Then when Clara decides she might like to try an outside adventure on her own - the play of subtle emotions on the actors ' faces tells a story in itself.Those shoes come to represent their relationship throughout their lives - through their accommodations with each other , through their estrangements , through their essential affection for each other . In the end , as in the beginning , they enjoy their explorations together , in sensible shoes.This movie will take you in unexpected directions .
 In 1938 Alfred Kinsey , a young Harvard-trained zoologist whose speciality was the gall wasp , took over a course on `` marriage '' at Indiana University and , based upon his relentless curiosity and unapologetically scientific treatment of the subject , turned the class into something akin to sexology . He subsequently published Sexual Behavior in the Human Male -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , based upon 18,000 sexual histories he and his staff collected . For the first time ever , sex was scientifically-situated . This biographical dramatization reminded me of Ray , in the sense of an overwhelming human force who grappled with a perennial subject and in the process shaped American culture . The main message of the film , if it has one , seems to be that repression and taboo melt in the light of frankness and tolerance of difference , no matter how quirky
 The name of Alfred Kinsey conjures up many different kinds of images and preconceived notions , many of which do n't fit the reality of his research and situation . The Kinsey Institute , located on the campus of my undergraduate university in Indiana , is known the world over as a research centre devoted to looking at sex in humans . This can still be a controversial topic , but certainly for middle America during the middle of the twentieth century - this was the protestant ` Bible Belt ' , and sex was not a topic of proper conversation among educated people.Written and directed by Bill Condon , this film recounts the tale of Kinsey 's professional career , from his early days as a Harvard researcher looking at gall wasps through his career at Indiana University , first as a biologist , and then as director of the research project and institute that today bears his name.Kinsey is a complex character - perhaps the only way he could get away with his study in the environment of mid-century America was that he was the quintessential academic , in dress , demeanor , and attitude . His process of research , be it on gall wasps or on human subjects , was exactingly clinical . The essence of this devotion and adherence to objective procedure is captured in the film -LRB- both in terms of wasps and in terms of people -RRB- . One exchange between Kinsey and his fellow researcher Clyde Martin illustrates the point : Alfred Kinsey
 Part of the Kinsey Report : Wardell Pomeroy
 This is a fine biopic on the pioneering sex researcher of our time . It focuses mainly on Kinsey 's efforts to produce his two seminal studies `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Female '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- . It also gives brief glimpses as to why he chose this particular career path . Kinsey was born into a strict Methodist family with a Preacher for a father and the expectation that he himself would follow in the same footsteps . Kinsey spurned his father 's ambitions for him and proceeded to study the biological sciences . After earning degress in biology , psychology and finally entomology , he took up an apparently harmless pursuit - the study of gall wasps , before assuming a research/teaching post at Indiana University where he was appalled when confronted with the almost laughable sexual ignorance of the undergraduates . That set him off on his groundbreaking studies on human sexuality . What he unleashed was a sexual revolution in America that outraged conservatives and set moralists on a crusade to demonise him in every way they could . How telling that this film , based on events of fifty years ago , still resonates and divides audiences today . It is a sad comment on our times that we still confront the same issues that Kinsey did over half a century ago.Liam Neeson is excellent as the awkward , wooden , diffident , even brusque Kinsey who nonetheless had the ability to put total strangers at ease and have them openly volunteer intimate secrets to him . Laura Linney is equally good as his wife who with her warmth and obvious love for the gangly older man becomes the emotional foil for the movie . Although it delves into a topic that can easily descend into salaciousness , it does not . Neither is it a dry biography . It is engaging throughout due to the general excellence of the combined cast . Do n't miss the two minute long cameo near the end by Lynn Redgrave where she gives a quiet yet stunning performance as a study-participant who thanks a dejected Kinsey for saving her life . In his accompanying director 's commentary , Bill Condon hails her performance as a masterclass in acting . Towards the end , one of his proteges , Clyde Martin asks Kinsey where love figures in all this obsession with sex , and Kinsey replies that as love can not be measured or quantified , it is something that science can not in the end explain . This segues into the lovely final sequence , a poetic evocation and affirmation of love , with the elderly couple walking off amongst the majestic redwoods of California 's Muir Wood . It holds a double meaning for viewers who know that Kinsey visited the Muir Wood just before his death.If you intend buying this , I would recommend getting the 2-disc Special Edition . The only reason to buy the standard edition would be if you want to watch it in fullscreen pan & scan format . And this movie is definitely not meant to be viewed in pan & scan . The film with its lovely cinematography by Frederick Elmes , has been given an excellent transfer to DVD in its original 2.35:1 theatrical aspect ratio . Picture quality is very good , the print is clean and sharp . Black levels are just right . Audio is in DTS 5.1 and Dolby 5.1 with alternate French and Spanish tracks in Dolby 2.0 . As this is a dialogue driven movie , the surround audio benefits mainly the music score which blossoms with an understated , quiet majesty.Extras begin with an excellent director 's commentary on the first disc . On the second disc , the bulk of the material is the 1hr 23min long documentary , `` The Kinsey Report
 Just for `` truth in reviewing , '' I have to state that Kinsey has always been one of my heroes , just as he was a hero to the final interviewee in the film , who blessed him for saving her life . Even while I was a teenager , Kinsey 's `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' was on my bookshelf , and had pride of place.Over the years , details about the man himself have become more public , and it becomes clear that Kinsey was -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- not actually a perfect human being . Well , my own search for one of those still continues . : - -RRB- It should not be surprising to learn that Kinsey was a driven man -LRB- `` relentless '' -RRB- . He was a workaholic . Before even beginning his research into sex , he collected a MILLION specimens of the gall-wasp , and made his reputation as a biologist . Something else the film pays little attention to
 The story of Alfred Kinsey and his reports on human sexuality is difficult to comprehend , but director Bill Condon does a great job trying to explain it all . While leaving a few questions unanswered , it is for the most part an excellent film with an excellent cast.The film portrays Kinsey as an authority on sex , but there is no indication on HOW he became an expert . Suddenly he is giving sexual advice to students and the audience is left to ask how this occurred . And closely related to this enigma is why did people believe his background in biology qualified him for the psychological aspects of sexual relations ? The film on occasion broaches this subject by a character asking of his qualifications , and we are led to believe that his knowledge of biology suffices ... which is patently nonsensical . While sex is a biologic function , it also is a deeply-rooted emotional one ; and gathering data to prove WHAT people do in bed does n't help explain WHY people do the things they do in bed.The film , however , brilliantly explores the fact that society became conditioned to believe that sex for any purpose other than reproduction was prurient . Kinsey proved the hypocrisy of American society by showing that a great percentage of Americans ... both male and female ... were doing all of the things society was n't supposed to discuss.Conversely , the film shows the inherent problem of relegating sex exclusively to its biology and ignoring the psychology of it by portraying Kinsey 's researchers as being immune to the privacy of sex . They boorishly discuss sexual acts in public and -LRB- even more boorishly -RRB- , discuss with others the intimate details of their own sex lives , often with their wives present.The film -LRB- being a product of the 21st century -RRB- portrays those who disagreed with Kinsey as puritanical prudes . This is an unfair judgement . Many people found Kinsey 's means of gathering data faulty , expecially when that data dealt with pedophiles . Also , many believed his credentials did not qualify him for such research.It makes for an excellent story despite the several flaws . For those weak of stomach on sexual matters , you might want to pass this one up for a Disney flick .
 A lot of other reviews go into great detail about the plot of Kinsey so I am gon na make my review short and sweet.Liam Neeson , Laura Linney , and Peter Sarsgaard -LRB- my favorite actor -RRB- given outstanding performances in `` Kinsey '' ; the story of zoologist/biologist turned sex researcher Dr. Alfred Kinsey circa 1940 's . Besides being a biographical account of Dr. Kinsey 's life and research , the movies offers and in depth look at what happens when your work begins to take over your life , and the repercussions that can follow.Kinsey posed some serious questions and raised plenty of eyebrows with his work on sex , liberating his own marriage and many people 's beliefs in the process . Considered a pioneer , Kinsey threw himself into his work , bringing several `` taboo '' practices into his own marriage and into the lives of his co-workers , students and assistants.Hailed as a genius for some time , his work eventually suffered a serious backlash - not only in society , but also within the close relationships he had developed with his co-workers , colleagues , and peers.It would be some time afterwards that he was once again respected for the work and research he dedicated his life too.Kinsey is an intriguing , fascinating portrait all the way around . Good performances , direction , and a sharp script help to make the movie work beautifully.Highly recommended !
 Taken at face value , Kinsey is a funny , touching but occasionally disturbing look at the man whose name became synonymous with sex . Like A Beautiful Mind , Ron Howard 's shiny reflection of mathematician John Nash , Kinsey does n't pretend to a definitive portrait . Instead , it opens up avenues of discussion that will continue long after the film ends.Most people of my generation know more about the outcome of Kinsey 's studies than the man himself . Writer-director Bill Condon , whose examination of Frankenstein director James Whale in Gods and Monsters was both entertaining and involving , does an adequate job of humanizing a man considered by many to be immoral and opportunistic.I would love to have been a fly on the wall as the censors , excuse me , the ratings board , argued about the film 's content . How do you accurately depict the work and findings of a pioneering sex researcher within the confines of an R rating ? Is sex , both the act and still images , considered obscene within context ? How much sex talk is acceptable ? How graphic ? Within what boundaries?Show too much and Kinsey becomes pornographic -LRB- not my term but one usually used by groups with the word Family in the title -RRB- , show too little and Kinsey becomes titillating . Kinsey is like The Three Bears , each taking a poke at poor Goldilocks . Too much , too little , just right . Condon and his talented cast are the perfect fit . Each and every character arrives with purpose and emotional weight.Liam Neeson musters just the right amount of authority and inquisitiveness as Kinsey , whose repressed childhood -LRB- under the stern guidance of father John Lithgow , channeling himself from Footloose -RRB- leads him on a life-long journey to uncover the sexual secrets of the world . Laura Linney is exceptional as his prim but sexually enthusiastic wife Clara , whose love and understanding provides Kinsey the freedom to explore his bisexuality with research assistant Clyde Martin -LRB- Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- , who in turn finds himself attracted to Clara.With Kinsey , Condon reaffirms an ability to draw honest performances out of a cast . Even small roles , like Lynn Redgrave 's heartfelt lesbian , are extremely powerful . In one microscopic moment , with minimal dialogue , Redgrave exposes every vulnerability of a woman trapped by societal fears.Detractors will argue that Condon fails to adequately address Kinsey 's illegal sexual proclivities . It 's not a complete whitewash -LRB- this is n't Fox News , and Kinsey is n't Bush -RRB- , but it does compel the viewer to seek out of the facts .
 It 's difficult to review the movie without reviewing the man and his accomplishment , which is truly astonishing . Kinsey the movie explains what motivated Kinsey the man , and the audience is allowed to see him as the flawed man he was while appreciating what he did for our understanding of ourselves . Liam Neeson and Laura Linney are excellent as the title character and his patient wife . The first hour of the film , especially , hums with energy , driven forward by a very effective framing device
 Alfred Kinsey did a great service to the study of sex . Yes , some of his methodologies were suspect , `` self-selection '' throwing a monkey-wrench in the whole randomization requirement . His subjects were perhaps not the most representative sampling of the population . Furthermore , he and his staff became too personally involved in the work . His assistants comprised a sort of swinger 's club . Kinsey could be faulted for not having anticipated the conflicts brought about by such activities among colleagues.Unfortunately , these aspects of his life and the film will obscure - for many - the more significant meaning of his work
 I went into this film with a little trepidation . Not because I found the material offensive in any way , but because I thought it would be boring -- I was wrong . This film allows us an opportunity to understand the man who revolutionized the way in which we think about sex and gave conservatives a reason to howl -LRB- that alone is enough to enjoy the film -RRB- . One of the great things about this film is that the makers chose to present a full picture of Alfred Kinsey , warts and all . We see this driven man who feels that society 's attitudes towards sex are not only outdated , but unhealthy . We also see how this man alientated the people around him , how he hurt his wife and children , and how he did n't see the emotional toll his research was taking on all those around him . Liam Neeson gives his best performances in a very , very long time ; Laura Linney is , as usual , fantastic ; and the supporting cast is wonderful , chief among them Peter Sarsgaard as Kinsey 's assistant and lover . In many respects this is a brave film to make in a day and age when it seems like we 've taken a backward turn in our attitudes toward sexuality .
 This is a powerful film . There are so many stories about misunderstood persons with a mission . Previous reviewers have already analyzed the plot , etc. , but I was impressed with Bill Condon 's direction and especially his Screenplay -LRB- he was nominated by the Writers ' Guild ; also won the Oscar for writing the wonderful `` Gods & Monsters '' -RRB- . This is an `` indie '' but I never would 've realized that . The photography by Frederick Elmes was exquisite ; period detail was completely caught by costumer Bruce Finlayson and set designer Richard Sherman . Especially impressive was the editing by Virginia Katz , keeping the narrative frantic , or calm & sweet , as necessary . Liam Neeson was perfect , as was Laura Linney as his wife . Excellent chemistry . Also were excellent performances from Peter Sarsgaard , Chris O'Donnell , Timothy Hutton , John Lithgow , Oliver Platt & Tim Curry -LRB- as a prude ? -RRB- . Two performances really blew me away
 Kinsey is a very well made film . The performances are uniformly excellent . Neeson and Linney -LRB- as always -RRB- are great in this . Lynn Redgrave turns in an absolutely heart-breaking cameo at the end and the research boys -LRB- Saarsgard , Hutton and O'Donnell -RRB- all have their moments.While sexually explicit , it is very clinical in it 's presentation . It serves to distance the viewer enough to make the in-you-face sex more palatable for those who might be more reserved , but also takes a good deal of the passion or emotion out of the story . Not a major gaffe for the research subject matter , but it feels a little cold.Beautifully filmed and acted , I still highly recommend this one .
 There was a time in America -- and not just in the Bible Belt -- when people did n't talk about sex , and if they did , they routinely lied about certain things out of fear of ridicule and abnormality . Masturbation , intercourse with small animals , tongasaming your boyfriend 's best friend ... it was all hush-hush . Wait . Huh . Actually that time sounds a lot like nowadays . Anyway , though , insofar as society has changed , much of the credit for the country 's sexual great awakening can be traced back to the work of one pioneering academic , the fearless , mild-mannered , bowtie-clad Alfred Kinsey.Bill Condom 's , I mean , Condon 's well-made Kinsey is one of those biopics that tells the truth but leaves out enough selective facts to come off as more than a little disingenuous . -LRB- For instance , ever read about Kinsey 's research into sex responses in infants ? Well you wo n't hear about it in this film . -RRB- Liam Neeson and the great Laura Linney do expectedly well here , and I think Neeson 's portrayal of the scholarly Kinsey nailed the man to a T -LRB- based on everything I 've read about him -RRB- . Chris `` Please Do n't Call Me Robin '' O'Donnell took a bullet for the team and placed a passionate half-minute-long liplock on Neeson , his onscreen mentor , and also bravely bared his dingle , showing men of small stature everywhere that it 's OK to be a good-looking guy with a small caliber tool . In fact , `` it 's OK to be you ... and to go have sex while you 're at ... then talk about the sex '' pretty much sums up Kinsey the man and Kinsey the movie.Go see this thing . It 's not your typical boring old getting to know you chit-chat of a sex flick .
 This might be just under four stars for me . It 's certainly a decent film and I do recommend it to everyone , but it 's not tremendous . I agree with reviewers who say that the director had tricky material to cover and tried to do so in a way that would n't offend too many different groups of people . I 'd recommend people read The Inner Circle by TC Boyle . It 's also about Kinsey , but Boyle clearly enjoys the kinkier side of Kinsey 's character . He makes the group around Kinsey to all be very sexually active and experimental , while trying to maintain an outward appearance of respectability . This strikes me as more to the truth . If you 're talking sex , sex , sex all day with multiple people it 's going to possess greater portions of your energy than this film suggests . Also , Boyle 's book makes clearer some of the controversal aspects of Kinsey 's research . For example , he interviewed people he knew where active pedophiles . He knew that these people would walk out of the interview and go on to molest children , and yet he did n't turn them in . He argued that he could n't turn them in because that would ruin the research . Knowing the information was more important than protecting the victims . I understand what he means , and to me this is an issue that should 've been dealt with more in the movie . It 's complicated and unseemly . I guess I wish that this film had likewise been more complicated and unseemly . It provides an important introduction to social/historical realities around Kinsey and our attitudes toward sex , but it does n't go beyond that to make this the difficult , thoughtful and challenging movie it might have been .
 Hmmmm . Well , the acting is great . Laura Linney , Liam Neeson and Peter Sarsgaard are all superb in their roles , at least as far as the script permits them to be . But the script is problematic . I think writer-director Bill Condon went out of his way to mollify the religious-conservative anti-Kinsey forces both by showing flaws in Kinsey 's character -LRB- which are interesting to know about -RRB- and by failing to really give a good , proper context for Kinsey 's work and his impact on American society.At the film 's start , we get a sense of how literally in the dark young people were about sexuality at the start of the 20th Century , with little idea of how to have sex , and tremendous free-floating fear about its consequences . While venereal disease was common then -LRB- as it is now -RRB- , other maladies , such as onanistic blindness were pure fiction , scare stories to keep kids from getting `` in trouble . '' Kinsey 's research unravelled many negative myths about sexuality , while also paving the way for the so-called Sexual Revolution of the '60s and '70s , a tectonic shift in societal mores that had many consequences , both positive and negative . Where this movie fails , though , is in placing Kinsey 's work inside the continuum of social change -- the impact he had is alluded to , but not really fleshed out . Midway through the film , for example , you realize that although Kinsey 's character is now globally famous , you have no idea what decades various scenes are taking place in ... Kinsey published his first landmark volume in 1948 and he died in 1956 , but you 'd never know it from watching this film . No chronological signposts are given , no reference made to any events outside of Kinsey 's personal and professional circles , no sense of what is happening in the world around them , and this microcosmic approach undercuts the viewer 's ability to grasp what Kinsey 's legacy was really about . Also , the portrait of Kinsey as an emotional cripple seems a little overblown ; I do n't know much about his personal life , but the way this played out in the film rang false and flat ... It just did n't work as well dramatically as it might have , though again Neeson does a fabulous job making this version of Kinsey live onscreen.Obviously a man who would undertake such a gigantic statistical survey as his life 's work was a person of immense personal power and drive , but we do n't really see that man here ... I think there is value in acknowledging the flaws of historical figures , but this film wallows in Kinsey 's flaws , and glosses over his importance in a strange , subtle way . Still , it 's certainly worth seeing , even if it does n't really explain its subject that well .
 Since its publication 56 years ago , the Kinsey Report -LRB- real title
 This film is very interesting and enlightening . It answers many of the why 's and how 's how Kinsey 's scientific interest into sexology.Be forewarned ... if you disapprove of frank discussions about sex , homosexuality , visual depictions of nudity and intercourse , this is n't the film for you.The extra features in the double-disk set are well worth the extra price . They delve more into the real Alfred Kinsey and his fascinating work ...
 KINSEY , written and directed by Bill Condon , has the same things going for it that his previous works , GODS AND MONSTERS and CHICAGO -LRB- for which he wrote the screenplay -RRB- did . KINSEY contains more clever storytelling techniques , like the use of an interview-training session as a means to introduce flashbacks in the life of its subject matter , and crisp , funny dialogue . It 's a fun movie that remains compelling , even though it 's a biopic about a nerdy , bowtie-wearing zoologist.Of course , Alfred Kinsey was no ordinary zoologist . And the subject matter that he chose to study after finishing his examination of the gall wasp is the sort of thing that fascinates everyone , so this is n't a story of simple science . However , the film 's approach to the science behind the study is what makes it most interesting.Liam Neeson is excellent as Kinsey , playing him as a man obsessed with experiments and studies . He 's interested in studying behavior , finding and reporting facts and increasing knowledge . When it came to the study of sex , he found that there was a dearth of accurate information regarding it and no way to answer questions his students were posing , so he decided to come up with a list of questions that would give him an idea of what human beings actually do sexually.To do the study from a scientific perspective - and interviewing people without appearing judgmental , he thought , kept his work free from moral constraints.However , he was n't entirely prepared for the impact his study would have on the culture . Or , on a smaller scale , his own sexual behavior or the behavior of his students.The film shows how the study came about , how the study changed Kinsey 's life and his family 's life - and the life of his co-workers . Peter Skaarsgard and Laura Linney , playing his closest associate and his wife , give excellent performances . Their characters both become involved in the study and show Kinsey that it 's not entirely possible to separate sex from emotion . They also help him weather the many storms that his work causes once `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' is published . `` Kinsey '' is a fantastic movie , well-written and well-acted . See it if the topic interests you , amuses you or angers you .
 Three lesbians walk into a bar ... no , seriously . Like adolescents first discussing sexuality , `` Kinsey '' is funny . It 's dramatic as well , sometimes boldly so , especially a scene where sex researcher Alfred Kinsey 's father , -LRB- John Lithgow -RRB- reveals to his son , -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- the punishment endured as a child for exploring his own sexuality . But mostly `` Kinsey '' , while very serious minded , contains a constant giddiness , like those adolescents determining the rules of pregnancy , and very much in tune to the social taboo of discussing sex openly , especially the generation first exposed to Kinsey 's research . It seems everyone in the movie has their moment of ` schtick ' , as the serious study of the human body 's sexual nature begs for a tension relieving laugh . It starts when the newlywed Kinseys turn to a conventional doctor to discuss their physical incompatiblity , and the doctor says to the bride , upon hearing the size of Mr. Kinsey 's sexual organ , as if shattering a Norman Rockwell image , `` I 'm surprised you did n't pass out . '' It continues in Kinsey 's first day teaching his infamous college class on human sexuality , when he begins the lecture by asking the class , what body organ can enlarge itself 100 times it 's size ? , to which the class uncomfortably squirms in their seats , until he replies , `` the pupil '' . And when conducting sex interviews to make a census of American sexual behavior , an immigrant in broken english reveals he had , `` sex with horse '' , to which the interviewer tries to retain composure and interrogate him further , and the immigrant replies , `` No , I had sex with Horace . Horace ! '' These laughs keep coming as if relieving us of nervous energy before the serious nature of human sexuality is explored . This is still a complicated subject , prone to conservative vs. liberal values , made all too clear when the sex researchers reach a zenith of human data , and are stopped in their tracks by one subject 's admission to having sex with hundreds of pre-adolescent boys and girls . Suddenly odd behavior becomes criminal behavior.Kinsey 's report on human sexuality was the first American study to confront the subject in a purely scientific level , as opposed to a moral one . The movie biography delivers this history in both an entertaining and informative way . It 's a wonderful film . So anyway , three lesbians walk into a bar and there 's this kangeroo serving beer ...
 It is amazing that even after 50 years , Kinsey 's research remains controversial and outrages conservatives in this country.Yet , as this DVD reveals , Dr. Kinsey used scientific methodology to uncover behaviors that were hidden and repressed by societal taboo.There were 3 major strenghts to the film : First , I thought the DVD of Kinsey did a great job of demonstrating the power of observational science , whether in the biological sciences , anthropology , sociology or psychology . To some extent Kinsey 's work uses methodology from all four of these academic disciplines . The film even made such topics as questionnaire development interesting.Second , the film did a great job of discussing the basic sexual knowledge that Kinsey was able to detect , including the vast range of sexual orientations , behaviors , erotic responses , and especially the fluid nature of sexual attraction and behavior over the human life span.His two major works , Sexual Behavior in hte Human Male -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female -LRB- 1953 -RRB- were groundbreaking . In the sciences we are most concerned with whether a hypothesis leads to new understanding , further refined questions and the generation of new hypotheses . Even though Kinsey was not correct on all counts , his work lead to new understanding that actually was of great benefit to a large number of people over the years.Third , the film gave an accurate and realistic view of the way moralistic crusaders will demonize and try to destroy anyone who threatens their power over the thoughts of their fellow citizens . Kinsey 's research continues to be a threat because he grounded his work in biology rather than theology . He observed a vast range of behaviors and was able to approach this diversity with a scientific attitude that attempts to describe rather than a moralistic attitude that seeks to condemn.The film as entertainment would only get 4 stars , but as a great example of the power of the scientific method , it would get 6 stars , so I averaged it out to a `` 5 '' .
 A strange thing happened as I watched Bill Condon 's `` Kinsey '' . The audience laughed at some of the characters fears of sex like `` does kissing cause pregnancy ? '' And the limits society placed on the discussion of sex . Soon I thought , we have been having the same argument in this country for 50 years . Sure , in some cases things have gotten better , attitudes have become more relaxed but the issue of sex education in school is still a hot topic . For instance our current administration believes in teaching abstinence.And that 's what `` Kinsey '' is all about . The danger of ingnorance . Do n't be deluded , ignornace is not always bliss . It 's harmful when your not informed , whatever the subject.This is what makes `` Kinsey '' a richly compelling and complex film . It seems to be hitting you from all sides . But perhaps my interrpretation of the film will lead you to believe this is a heavy handed `` message '' movie , and your not in the mood for that on a Friday night . Do n't worry . `` Kinsey '' is extremely entertaining . It has moments of wit and humanity . It recreates not just visually the 1950s , but the emotionally as well . It gets into the mindset of the times , it is not an embellishment . Things were perceived the way they are presented in this film . America was going through a conservative revolution , sound familiar?The performances are convincing as well . I think Liam Neeson delivers Oscar caliber work . It 's one of the best male performances of the year . And Laura Linney , an actress I regard as one of our best , delivers an equally satisfying and commanding performance . The two of them play off each other so well , we believe them to be a real couple . I would be greatly disappointed is the film is not up for best picture , actor , supporting actress and screenplay.The role of Alfred Kinsey is such a complex character . For a man who dealt with people he seemed to know nothing about them . He treated them as `` experiments '' but never as humans . This of course lead into his home life . And yet Neeson is able to capture this complexity so effortlessly.The film has a couple of flaws . It abandons further development between Kinsey 's father and himself right when things were getting interesting . And avoids details about Kinsey 's relationship with his son . Kinsey seems to put a great deal of pressure on his son , which I 'm sure Freud would say leads back to Kinsey 's relationship with his father.Also the film 's end seems a bit disappointing . It 's anti-climatic . Usually in films such as these we see the hero make some speech about their importance . It 's their moment of fighting back . They have their chin up and usually win the fight of the day . `` Kinsey '' takes a different approach.Most importantly though , what makes a movie such as ` Kinsey '' work so well is the fact the film still remains relevant . It is still of topic that can push people 's buttons . Sometimes the best films do just that , and sometimes people need their buttons pushed.Bottom-line
 I have to admit I know little about Alfred Kinsey so I was eager to see this film . After watching this movie , it seemed even more timely considering the current political climate , with the pendulum swinging back to the conservative right . Bill Condon starts us early on in Kinsey 's life , seeing young Alfred living under the overbearing eye of his father -LRB- played wonderfully by John Lithgow -RRB- . Through glimpses of his past we see Kinsey 's father preaching against the dangers of immorality and how badly he treated his own family . Alfred finally breaks free of his father 's grasp , leaving the university his father approves of and attending another to study his true love , biology.By the time he is teaching in college , Kinsey is extremely dedicated to his study of biology but neglectful of his own life . Eventually he meets `` Mac '' , his wife -LRB- played by the conisistently entertaining Laura Linney -RRB- . After trouble during their first sexual experience and realizing the problems other people face in sexuality , Kinsey becomes interesting in studying human sexuality . Once he begins teaching , his classes fill up and his dedication to statistics and data intensify as he and the students who work with him delve through America 's sexual diversity.Kinsey utilizes the gay community to tap into an unused resource of sexuality and begins to break through such taboo subjects as oral sex , extra marital sex , etc. . Once he begins transversing the country , his data gets grows and his published work of male sexuality becomes a best seller.The film is full of good performances . Neeson in the main role does a good job , presenting a man that is so consumed by facts and statistics that he often looks over the emotional facets of sexuality . His portrayal is charming and one of his best to date . Laura Linney , again gives a really good performance . She is an oft overlooked actress who deserves to be recognized by the academy . Peter Saarsgard is also good as the student who seduces Kinsey and gives him his first homosexual experience . Tim Curry , John Lithgow , Timothy Hutton and Chris O'Donnell also do good jobs in their roles . One standout in those `` subjects '' who are questioned , is Lynn Redgrave as on older lesbian . The scene she is in , though very short , pretty much sums up how his information helped society better understand sexuality and gave those who were not considered `` normal '' hope that there were others out there just like them.I highly recommend this film . This film will be a welcome addition to my dvd library once it is released as a dvd .
 We had actually went to see another movie and I slipped in to see KINSEY and never left.I LOVED THIS MOVIE -RRB-
 Janice Shaw is typical of those who have problems with Kinsey . She writes , `` The most-egregious aspect of Kinsey 's methodology was his use of children as subjects . He used over 300 children , including babies , in his studies of female orgasm . Some critics legitimately accuse Kinsey of child molestation . The American Board of Pediatrics argues that his data are not the norm ; that he used unnatural stimulation and , even then , did not prove his point . Using pedophiles , he charted the length and frequency of infants ' and children 's supposed `` orgasms . '' When questioned about how he knew whether a baby had an orgasm , he said he measured by their crying . Five of these infants and children were subjects for months or years , and it is reported that much of the `` testing '' occurred when they were either strapped or held down . There is no evidence that the institute followed up to see whether they were adversely affected as a result of this sexual abuse/experimentation . We do know that today many of the adult `` subjects '' refuse to discuss Kinsey 's research ; some 50 years later , they do n't even want to talk about the horrific experience . `` But this film shows us that he can be still worshipped as another liberal hero ! I mean , who cares about all that child abuse stuff ? Most viewers will not even hear about it in the film , and rightly so . Why sully his name ? The important thing is , like Hitler 's scientists who performed those gruesome human experiments , Kinsey DARED to follow his militant atheism and its implications for life . After all , who cares about someone else 's babies being abused ? They 're not his own genes , not his legacy . And what is the purpose of life ? To help your fellow man ? Pshaw ! Kinsey saw through all that . You 're just here for , what , 80 years ? What better way to spend it than in self-gratification ? These silly prudes who still complain about his child abuse are just not seeing things clearly . Kinsey opened the floodgates to teen sexual activity and its attendant disease and psychological trauma - but for OTHER families , competitors in the Darwinian struggle for survival . He is therefore a Darwinist of the highest order , just like Margaret Sanger , founder of Planned Parenthood , whose stated mission in life was to reduce the number of Asians and Africans , who she considered sub-human .
 `` Let 's talk about Sex , '' which was not done often enough in the past generations - thus , a lot of ridiulous ideas and beliefs were floating around what happens in the bedroom , or for that matter , in parked cars and behind barns . Kinsey shone a light on the so-called forbidden topic and made everyone realize that we 're not all the same , and there are great variables in human sexuality . Wife Clara should also get a lot recognition for her total support , and for caring and watching over their family and his projects . Laura Linney was outstanding in this role , as was Liam Neeson playing Kinsey , a superb actor . Much of the research led us into the ' 60 's and ' 70 's , and this new open approach to one of our natural impulses . Good movie .
 Everyone should watch this movie.This movie really helps to see how sex is viewed by society at that particular era .
 This movie is excellent ! I would like this movie in my permanent library . I actually plan on watching it again . My girlfriend and I rented it for her human sexuality class . And I actually loved it and was more interested in it then her . Five Stars !!!!!
 The DVD came on time in perfect condition this company is an excellent , company to do business with the film is an excellent film I would recommend it to anyone interested in sexology studies or Alfred C Kinsey
 Interesting look at how far our sexuality research has come due to work of kinsey . some parts may make people uncomfortable . we need shaking up every now and then .
 Great story . Great acting . Thought provoking . Very well done . I was raised in the sixties , so I do n't completely understand this kind of sexual oppression , but my parents tell me it 's totally accurate . Interesting to see how this scientific publishing can change the world . beautifully film . A movie that can be watched more than once .
 This is a great seller . Product arrived promptly in good condition . Item was justas described . I like using Amazon because I can find what I want at a good price .
 Interesting topic , well acted ... interesting ways of portraying how interviews were conducted across the country . Had no idea that Kinsey and his wife had relationship with Kinsey 's male assistant . Very progressive - esp for 1950 's . Everyone was doing all kinds of things , but no one was talking until Kinsey and his lab started to ask .
 Liam Neeson and Laura Linney are superb as Alfred Kinsey and Claire McMillen , a scientist and his understanding wife . Though Alfred Kinsey was a brilliant scientist who collected and catalogued thousands of gall wasps , and was n't too shabby on the piano , either , even the smartest people have blind spots . One of his was that he could n't accept that his son was more interested in athletics than science , and he was repeating the pattern of his own father , who also tried to force him into a mold that he did n't fit . Mac , his wife , played by Laura Linney , could see this plainly , as well as many other quirks and blind spots , but she loved him just the same . For instance , when he turned his attention from wasps to human sexuality she could see that the reaction of society at large would make things very difficult , but she stood by him nevertheless . Linney is very good at playing the understanding wife , as her performance as Abigail Adams in John Adams adamantly demonstrates . `` Kinsey '' paints a portrait of a scientist , and it also places him in an historical context that shows how his groundbreaking work changed things forever . Kinsey thought he was a rational scientist who just wanted to measure and record things , but with a subject like human sexuality he was opening a Pandora 's Box that would have a devastating effect on him , his family , and his colleagues on the project ; not to mention the country , and the whole world . Such a provocative subject made for a fascinating film.Along with the excellent performances by the two leads there was ample support from John Lithgow , as Kinsey 's father ; and Tim Curry , who played Dr. Frank-N-Furter in the cult film `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show '' in an ironic twist , as a priggish professor who undercuts the progressive ideas of Kinsey at every opportunity . Oliver Platt plays a more supportive faculty member . Peter Sarsgaard , Timothy Hutton , and Chris O'Donnell play research assistants who ca n't help but bring their work home on occasion . ---------- Alfred Kinsey
 Great seller , Shipped and arrived on time as described , doing business was a pleasure and I dont say this just because ... I say it because you are a great person to buy from .
 `` Kinsey '' is the story of the life and research of Dr. Alfred Kinsey , the University of Indiana zoology professor whose 1948 study `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' got Americans talking about sex . Writer/director Bill Condon consulted Kinsey biographies , the Kinsey Institute , and some of those who knew the man in writing Kinsey 's life story for the screen . The film uses the device of Kinsey -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- giving his sex history to an interviewer - which he did many times in training his researchers - to frame and pace the narrative . This provides a convenient means of exploring significant events in Kinsey 's life while skipping over others without seeming clumsy . `` Kinsey '' follows the professor 's life from his childhood as the son of a puritanical Methodist minister , through his 20-year study of gall wasps , his relationship with his wife Clara `` Mac '' McMillen -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- , teaching UI 's first `` marriage course '' that was Kinsey 's introduction to sex research and the beginning of his crusade for education , through the research for his best-selling book on male sexuality and the public wrath brought by his book on female sexuality.Needless to say , Liam Neeson does n't look like Alfred Kinsey , but he conveys just the right combination of academic nerdiness and enthusiastic curiosity to make the audience understand why Kinsey embraced sex research and education with the same obsessive zeal that he approached all of his projects . Laura Linney is wonderful as his perceptive and tolerant wife , through whom the film puts Kinsey and his research in perspective . The supporting cast is like a who 's who of New York stage actors and Hollywood character actors . Peter Sarsgaard always brings something interesting to his characters , and here he is Kinsey 's seductive assistant Clyde Martin . Timothy Hutton and Chris O'Donnell play the other research assistants whose interviews of various volunteers give the film some laugh-out-loud moments . John Lithgow makes Kinsey 's father an interesting character to watch even though the man seems one-dimensional , rather like a broken record . `` Kinsey '' is a biopic that reveals the story and the personalities behind America 's most famous sex study , as well as the impact that boiling everything down to numbers had on the researchers and their families.The DVD -LRB- 20th Century Fox 2005 single disc release -RRB-
 I am a huge fan of writer/director Bill Condon -LRB- Chicago -RRB- . Like his film , Gods and Monsters , this movie has a great screenplay . Condon is a natural at writing smart dialogue and gripping characters . Also like Gods and Monsters , the subject of this film is someone whom society would view as a sexual deviant.It tells the story of Alfred Kinsey - a zoologist specializing in bugs . In middle age , he developed an interest in human sexuality and taught a college course on the subject . Soon , he became a pioneer is sex research.It is wonderful to see Liam Neeson in a movie that will actually let him ACT again . He portrays Kinsey , not as a pervert , but as a scientist who is doing socially beneficial work . In the times in which Kinsey lived , newlywed women still did not know where babies came from . What he was most interested in was doing away with the shame that most people felt from believing that they were not `` normal '' sexually . However , his life takes a turn for the weird when he becomes personally involved with his research.The movie presents us with a character who is a bit morally ambivalent . Yes , he did have good motives and he did accomplish a lot of good . On the other hand , I think most scientists nowadays would agree that the methods he used were unethical . Furthermore , there are some aspects of conventional society that are worth preserving . The movie is honest about all of this and it is a funny , provocative picture .
 Kinsey was so much more enjoyable than any other biopics in recent years . It 's filled with funny , provocative , and stimulating sexual contents that 's on a league of it 's own . The performances from Liam Neeson and Laura Linney are mesmerizing ! Even the supporting actors are terrific , especially Peter Sarsgaard 's scene stealing performance.The story chronicles the professional and married life of Kinsey -LRB- Neeson -RRB- . He started his study in biology , and devoted years in learning about insects . He married his student Clara -LRB- Linney -RRB- , and they did not have premarital intercourse . It was kind of funny how it turned out the first time they had sex . It was too painful for Clara to receive him , because he was too well-endowed ! He eventually got interested in human sexual behviours and became an expert in the field after many interviews and research.He went as far as having an affair with his assistant Clyde -LRB- Sarsgaard -RRB- . When he confessed it to Clara , she was devastated , but she knew it was inevitable that he would sleep with another man . This was probably Linney 's best scene , and she 's great when she cries until her eyes turn red . She eventually made a deal and gets to do the same by sleeping with Clyde , so they are even , and they will be happy again.The book Kinsey wrote became an international best-seller . Unfortunately , the sequel , a research on women was poorly received , and barshed by mainstream society . He was experiencing the fall of his career , but he just kept on going at it ... The funniest moments came in when he was interviewing people , or when his co-researchers were interviewing him . The tender moment was when he interviewed his estranged father -LRB- John Lithgow -RRB- who was sexually traumatized and repressed.I strongly see Liam Neeson getting a best actor nomination , because it 's his best work since Rob Roy and Les Miserables . And Linney 's performace will easily put her on the best supporting actress category .
 Kinsey is the story of Alfred Kinsey , sex researcher of the 1950s , who broke the barrier of sexual secrecy in the U.S. with his books based on explicit interviews with a large sampling of people . The release that his work won for many was not without difficulties , some because of Kinsey 's own mistakes . Directed and acted with honesty and sensitivity I found this film to be inspiring and moving .
 Very interesting book , not only for the information given , but also for the sensitivity of the subject matter . It is a book that not only gives important information regarding sexual engagement , but it also reveals the faithfulness of a devoted wife to her husband , her family and to the research and work being done for the sake of society and humankind . I find this book intriguing , I find it a recipient of ancient truths that no one had the guts to reveal before . I also detected how deceiving looks can be . The women of that time seemed candid and open in regards to their sexual needs . I also appreciated Dr. Kensey 's character/personality and his obsession with the subject and how it affected the reactions of the men/staff that worked for him . And it was interesting to see him bow down to some of these men when they would not submit to his requests ; example
 I thought alot of the parts were very thought provoking and I liked it . Well made biography . It was slow in some parts -LRB- but of course it is a biography -RRB- , but there were a little bit of edgy scenes , like the one when he was testing out his own sexuality with another man . I thought the most interesting thing I got from this movie is that back then , people did n't know if their sexual behaviors were `` normal '' and they were so obsessed with being normal , yet sex was n't talked about . I loved how the actor showed the drive that Kinsey had for his career and his studies .
 I originally only saw this movie because I love Liam Neeson , but it turned out to be really great . It was very informational and educational , but at the same time -- I know it was heavily biased information , though it still provided a great background for my Psychology class . It was really well done and even though the subject matter was quite ... * clears throat * ... unconventional , I still give it 5 stars .
 Last year , I skipped the movie about pioneer sex researcher , Alfred Kinsey , because I thought that I already knew everything about him and that it might be dry . Was I ever wrong ! The dialogue in the movie was crisp and unexpectedly funny and the acting was stellar . -LRB- What else could be expected from Liam Neeson , Chris O'Donnel and Laura Linney ? -RRB- The movie traced the puritanical and oppressive upbringing that poor Kinsey endured as a boy who was born in 1894 and raised by a fire and brimstone , preacher father . Those were the days when no one talked about -LSB- ... -RSB- and it was widely thought to cause blindness or insanity ; oral sex was feared in the event that it resulted in infertility ; and no one knew a -LSB- . . -RSB- from a clavicle!Kinsey was one of the first to break down those barriers in the 1920s and 1930s . He started classes at university for young couples who were about to get married in order to give them proper sex education , rather than the abstinence message that they had been receiving in their hygiene class.He interviewed 18,000 people and wrote books about his findings , for which he was widely criticized because what he found was that there was a large disconnect between what people said was `` moral '' sexual behavior , and what they actually practiced behind closed doors . Moreover , he stated that `` 37 percent of U.S. men -LRB- and 13 percent of women -RRB- had had at least one homosexual experience , while 62 percent of women -LRB- and 92 percent of men -RRB- masturbated . Premarital sex was common . Half of marriedmen and a quarter of married women had cheated on their spouses . '' -LSB- Source -- National Geographic News -RSB- In addition , Kinsey concluded that the majority of people were bisexual . This was during an era when adultery , homosexuality and oral sex were illegal in many states!Kinsey had two great failings
 Giving a bravura performance as Dr Alfred Kinsey , Liam Neeson elevates `` Kinsey '' beyond the rather dry source material . In real life , Dr Kinsey was an analyst who researched his subjects with a disconnect that helped him separate statistics from the mores of the days . Intellectually , this was nothing short of groundbreaking , but otherwise , it 's like reading a college textbook.With a script that picks up speed as it progresses , Director/Writer Bill Condon -LRB- Gods and Monsters -RRB- takes the analytical Kinsey and surrounds him with all the things he is n't . The two best roles belong to the the seducing Peter Sarsgaard as Clyde Martin , a bisexual who seduces both Dr Kinsey and his wife , but then himself destroyed when he finds his wife is cheating on him . Mrs Kinsey is played as a loyal if somewhat flustered wife by Laura Linney , who shades her performance with the struggle of emotionally understanding and loving a man that can barely do either.In other , smaller roles , the cast is exemplary . Tim Curry plays a prudish academic who is jealous of Dr Kinsey 's breakthrough . Oliver Pratt does a good job as the President of Indiana University , delighted that Kinsey 's book -LRB- Sexual Behavior in the Human Male -RRB- is helping to fill the university 's coffers but nervous about the controversy . William Sadler appears as a insatiable sex-addict who breaks Kinsey 's reserve about judging his subject . And finally , there is a final film stealing cameo from Lynn Redgrave , who brings the full import of what Kinsey accomplished into focus , while giving Dr Kinsey a lesson in the humanities.The combination of characters and direction makes `` Kinsey '' both informative and entertaining . As you watch the young Albert Kinsey trying to break away from a repressive religious upbringing -LRB- from under a stern and emotionally brutalizing John Lithgow -RRB- , you can see how he grew up both rebellious and dispassionate . It 's a sensational movie that does its best to avoid sensationalism , and succeeds .
 Facinating man and film . The film seemed to be like his work , a measured , emotionally divorced account of what his work was , and how people reacted to it . I watched it with someone who was horrified by it . So though someone like that probably should watch it , I would n't recommend sitting through it your first time with someone like that .
 Initially , I thought the movie is about shock value . The catchphrase of the movie is , `` Kinsey
 KINSEY , directed by Bill Condon -LRB- GODS AND MONSTERS -RRB- , is one of the best movies of 2004 . Liam Neeson as the sex researcher Alfred Kinsey and Laura Linney as his wife are totally right for their characters . Neeson actually looks a little like Kinsey ; and Linney , nominated for a Best Actress Oscar , is perfect as `` Mack . '' The makeup artist even makes her look plain and frumpy , no small accomplishment . Timothy Hutton , Peter Sarsgaard and Chris O'Donnell give fine performances as Kinsey 's loyal assistants . Lynn Redgrave , thought in a very small role , in her scene with Kinsey near the end of the movie will make your eyes burn with her poignant `` Sir , you saved my life . '' My only complaint about casting is that John Lithgow as Kinsey 's father is too close to Neeson 's age to be believable.The score for the film by Carter Burwell is beautifully appropriate . Many of the obligatory interviews that Kinsey and his staff perfected are shot in black and white , a very nice touch.Condon manages to make Kinsey a very complex figure who is relentless , sensitive , objective , a wise mentor , a loving husband . The story line is also very close to the actual historical facts.The second disc in this set has a wealth of additional information about the Kinsey Institute in Bloomington , deleted scenes from the movie , the original ending and thoughtful , unpretentious commentary by the director.A classy movie that will endure .
 `` Kinsey '' was a thoroughly absorbing film that I can recommend to serious movie goers.In brief , `` Kinsey '' documents the live of Alfred Kinsey , the American academic who spent the greater part of his life documenting the sexual habits of the American public . He was no voyeur but a serious scientist trying to come to grips with human behaviour . Of course , at the time -LRB- 1940s and 1950s -RRB- Kinsey was regarded as a pervert by some of the more conservative local commentators . In Australia , such people would be described as wowsers . Yet they still exist today and seek to impose their own moral standards upon others . The thought of freedom is anathema to them . The American religious right is their present guise . In the 1950s , they would have hidden behind the authority of McCarthyism.Liam Neeson who plays Kinsey is marvelous as is Laura Linney who plays his wife . These two seem to have a real and plausible bond . Their efforts should not go without recognition in due course . The large supporting cast is also strong and the director is brilliant with his recreation of post war America.There are many who will not see this film due to their own moral ambiguities . For the rest , make an effort to view this great work . Freedom may seem scary to some . It is , however , far better than the imposition of morals by those whose believe that they speak for a wider world .
 Kinsey deals with the very powerful and very important subject matter of how human sexuality is treated in American Culture . It is a timely message given the current atmosphere of moralism in America and the amount of governmental funding going into abstinence-only education programs that often contain faulty information -LRB- one such `` fact '' taught is that HIV can be contracted from human sweat and tears -RRB- . This movie underlines the importance of the necessity of an accurate understanding of human sexuality , a lesson not quite grasped even fifty years after Alfred Kinsey 's -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- work . In relaying the message , however , the movie does come across as a little preachy at times . It is a well crafted message , but like most commentary , it serves better to preach to the choir than to actually convince someone to change their opinion . The humorous , it was probably not particularly useful to include an easily mockable conservative character in the form of Prof. Thurman Rice -LRB- played , ironically enough , by Tim Curry -RRB- . I was also a little put off by a scene later in the movie in which Kinsey and his assistant are interviewing Kenneth Braun -LRB- William Sadler -RRB- , in which Kinsey 's assistant leaves the room in outrage during the description of sexual activity with minors . That particular moment seemed to indicate that the movie was trying to hedge its bets a bit and Kinsey 's response to the incident seems to assume certain conditions about the events being described that were n't necessarily true . I think the movie could have benefitted by the removal of that scene.I was a bit disappointed by the apparent emphasis on male sexuality throughout the movie . This is certainly the case with the amount of time and storytelling devoted the both the research leading up to and the socio-political aftermath of Kinsey 's book on male sexuality in comparison to the paltry effort spent by the movie on Kinsey 's book on female sexuality . Certainly the montage of research shown in the first case need n't be repeated , but more could 've been done on the aftermath of the book on female sexuality consider that shook even more ground than the book on male sexuality . This was made up a little bit towards the end when Kinsey sat down with his final interview subject -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- . It was a powerful , emotional scene evincing the importance of Kinsey 's work , especially the book on female sexuality . However , the acknowledgement was a little too late , and though compelling , hardly deals with the full breadth of the issue necessary.The biographical aspects to Kinsey 's life were quite well done . Particularly well played out was Kinsey 's relationship with his father -LRB- John Lithgow -RRB- especially further into the movie when his father reveals key secrets from his past to Kinsey . This is further defined by difficulties Kinsey has with his own son in certain scenes of the movie . His son is the only family member living outside of this seemingly bohemian existence that the rest of his family lives in , as made very apparent at the dinner table with his daughters . The relationship with his wife Clara `` Mac '' -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- is even more important and provides a central theme throughout the movie . One of the things Kinsey tries very hard to ignore is the interrelation of sex with emotion ; it is lost in his very dry and clinical survey of the subject matter . His relationship with his wife serves as the primary grounding point and reminder that sex and emotion can not be so easily separated . Several other scenes back up this point , and I applaud this as it is an important side message of the movie.Lastly , I wish to complement the acting and direction of the of the movie with particular praise going to Liam Neeson and Laura Linney for their lead roles . The variety of supporting actors also add important things to the movie as well and each does a very good job of supporting both the story and the leads . The direction was also well done , and , aside from a few bumps , the flow of the movie works well . I was also attentive to the excellent job done with make-up , costuming and scenery to indicate the passage of time throughout the film . It was equally impressive to the job done in `` A Beautiful Mind '' -LRB- which , naturally , I was quite taken by -RRB- . Absolutely amazing , however , was the dynamic created between Neeson and Linney . It was a dynamic that proved pivotal to the development of the story and a couple of the themes . There was hardly a better choice for the two roles.This is certainly a movie that everyone should watch and examine thoroughly . It carries several important messages that need to be individually digested , and it certainly provokes thought and discussion about issues of sexuality , and , in particular , the study and education of such material , which is absolutely critical to our societal development at the juncture we are at now .
 I got a chance to see this film during the opening night of the 40th Annual Chicago International Film Festival . Liam Neeson and Laura Linney will definitely be on the best actor and supporting actress short list for their performances . The film chronicles the life of Dr. Alfred Kinsey as he performs research that will eventually become known as the highly controversial Kinsey Report - `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male . '' The film focuses on Kinsey 's research and his life -LRB- it could be argued that his research was his life -RRB- . I found the performances by the entire cast to be superb . The film is well paced and is as humorous as it is informative . Although I 'd like to think that we have made great progress in terms of human sexuality since the 1948 publication of Kinsey 's report , the snickering and jeers of some audience members during parts of the film tell me otherwise . You do n't want to miss this one when it arrives at your local theater . Enjoy !
 Despite the fact that my background in science is so monumentally limited that all of my friends and families know to keep sticking me with science questions at the end of a game of Trivial Pursuit , I found myself thinking in scientific terms while watching `` Kinsey . '' This 2004 film written and directed by Bill Condon -LRB- `` Gods and Monsters '' -RRB- tells the story of Dr. Alfred C. Kinsey , a professor of entomology and zoology who published a study of human sexual behavior in 1948 and founded the Institute for Sex Research at Indiana University , which is now known as the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex , Gender and Reproduction . Kinsey is remembered because his research on human sexuality is credited with -LRB- or blamed for -RRB- the sexual revolution of the 1960s . In this film we learn how and why Kinsey -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- shifted from studying gall wasps to human sexuality . The `` how '' was primarily by conducting face-to-face interviews with everybody who would submit to the questionnaire he had put together . The `` why '' was because apparently nobody in American really knew what they were doing when it came to sex and Kinsey thought whatever he found out from his surveys would be worth knowing.By main thought about Kinsey 's research along scientific lines was about the Heisenberg effect , which declares that the observation or measurement of something changes that which is being observed or measured . I have no problem with the idea that Kinsey 's research has flaws in it , since such things are inherent in any study that is either groundbreaking or based on volunteers -LRB- and this one was both -RRB- . But I think he had to be in the ballpark and before him that is no substantive body of research to challenge him one way or the other . The chief argument against Kinsey 's data has been that in studying sex the way he did he affected his data and skewed it to his own tastes , which were apparently quite liberal . But it is hard to argue with the ideas advanced in this film that most Americans were woefully ignorant about sex and that `` normal '' is a statistical consideration rather than a moral dictate.The main thing that makes us raise an eyebrow at Kinsey 's research is not his subject matter , but rather the participation he encouraged on the part of his researchers . There is an impulse to consider this sexual permissiveness as a prelude to the sexual revolution , but you have to remember that at this point in time in the social sciences participation could be considered as valid an approach as empirical observation . Still , there is no denying that a `` scientific '' approach to sexuality , freed from moral strictures -LRB- puritanical or otherwise -RRB- and reduced to a biological imperative , results by definition in permissiveness . In breaking new ground it is not surprising that Kinsey showed naivet&eacute; in thinking that the simple rules that nobody should ever do anything they did not want to do and that nobody should ever be hurt -LRB- e.g. , `` romantic entanglements '' were only for spouses -RRB- were going to work with human beings having sex.However , Kinsey 's mantra on sex in this film is reduced to the key idea that everybody 's sin is nobody 's sin , with the corollary that sins should not be crimes . Beyond that Kinsey insists that , just like gall wasps , everybody is different , although he recognizes there is a human desire to be like everybody else . That certainly reduces human sexuality to the level of an oxymoron . Granted , Kinsey was a flawed human being whose own sexual practices could be considered suspect , but his key sexual experience in `` Kinsey '' is the disastrous wedding night with his wife Clara -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- . It is important because neither one of them knows what they are doing or what they should be doing . Kinsey 's big breakthrough is that they decided to go see an expert , who explains why they are having problems and what they can do to solve the problem.That forgotten doctor becomes the important symbolic figure fir ne in this story because he represents the fact that the truth was out there all the time . There were doctors who could answer questions about sex and who could help solve problems , both physiological and psychological . All people had to do was ask , but , as the movie clearly indicates , that was a problem . In the end the Kinsey legacy is not the idea that anything goes but rather that ignorance and repression have been doing a lot of harm . That is a valid point to raise today as the polarization of the nation into `` red '' states and `` blue '' states accelerates . If there is one irreducible lesson to be taken from `` Kinsey , '' the film or the man , it is that people should at least be able to talk about sex with their partners and their doctors . That might be a slim area of agreement , but it is certainly worth preserving .
 KINSEY is a triumph , not only for writer and director Bill Condon , but also for a first class portrayal of one of the more significant minds of the 20th Century - Alfred Kinsey , brought vigorously to life by Liam Neeson in one of the finest performances of the year . It is difficult to believe that Kinsey 's opening of the Pandora 's Box of human sexuality occurred only fifty years ago . And while Kinsey 's name is one known to everyone , Kinsey 's struggles as a person have not been explored until recently
 The ` biopic ' is always a risky chance in Hollywood . Not too many draw big box office , and there 's the risk of the creators - in wanting to jazz up the film - will start messing with the details of the character 's live . Most egregiously , we have the recent ` Finding Neverland , ' in which Kate Winslet 's character in real life was most decidely NOT widowed when J M. Barrie entered her life -LRB- which just blows the entire premise of the story out of the water , thank you very much -RRB- . And , thinking back , there was ` The Hurricane ' in which the storytellers decided -LRB- I still ca n't figure out why they felt compelled to do this -RRB- that they had to somehow spice up an already incredible life by inventing a ficticious Patterson PD Detective called Sgt. Della Pesca -LRB- the excellent Dan Hedaya -RRB- , who appears to nurse a serious grudge against the story 's protagonist -LRB- ummm ... that guy never existed ; a problem , you think ? -RRB- . So , let 's hear it for an honest biopic ! We should expect no less from the outstanding talent of Bill Condon . His ` Gods and Monsters ' is still one of my favorites . The work ethic of ` Kinsey ' is , apropos enough , much like its subject ... indefatigable . I love the way the movie builds the ` Kinsey ' character well before the movie turns to sex . In the first 45 minutes or so of the film , `` Kinsey '' focuses on the professor 's obsessions with the gull wasp . We see there the habits that later served him so well when it turned to matters of cataloguing sexual behavior . This is wonderful movie-making . This attention to detail and story-telling has to be rewarded . Indeed , Condon 's movie is showing up now on many Top 10 lists and deservedly so.The movie focuses a lot on an inner circle of Kinsey 's researchers , played by an impressive trio of Timthy Hutton -LRB- underutilizied -RRB- , Chris O'Donnell -LRB- good here , but wow , where did this guy go ? -RRB- and - most notably - Peter Sarsgaard , who deserves an Oscar for bravery alone -LRB- love scene with Liam Neeson , and two Ewan MacGregor-style full frontal nudity scenes -RRB- . Interestingly , simultaneous to the movie 's release , there 's also T.C. Boyle 's new novel entitled `` The Inner Circle , '' which takes much the same approach.That one goes on the ` must read ' list for sure .
 `` Kinsey '' celebrates the life and work of Alfred Kinsey -- and obscure gall wasp researcher turned sex scientist . Kinsey , son of a puritanical and emotionally abusive minister , is shown struggling with the inaccuracy of information about sex in the first half of the 20th century . In his day , sexual expression outside of marriage , as well as non-procreative sex within marriage , were considered immoral , even though widely practiced . Illicit sex was burdened by guilt , and discouraged by lurid -LRB- mostly false -RRB- tales of the horrible consequences of engaging in it
 very good screenplay , directing , editing and actings . all are good enough to sit thru watching . kinsey was the moses who brought american majority across the sex taboo red sea , out of the primitive puritan way of thinking and lifestyle , let them experience the real living style in the land of the milk and honey . studies in americans ' sex behaviors needed to be funded , also proved the american idiom
 in the excellent tradition of gods and monsters , bill condon has produced another excellent character study . condon has engendered another excellent performance from the lead actor , liam neeson , and shows the type of person kinsey really was . the movie revolves around alfred kinsey and his infamous study of human sexual behavior . the movie shows the type of work horse kinsey was and the movie also shows how his work affected those around him . laura linney portrays his wife and peter saarsgard is one of his research assistants . the three form a sort of love triangle that is very unconventional for the standards of the 40s and 50s . however , this triangle is very telling of the type of people all three were and also to the testament of how much they all believed in the project . the movie also shows how kinsey worked himself into the ground and all the hardships he had to overcome in his personal and professional life . the best moment of the movie arrives very close to the end when kinsey is interviewing lynn redgrave . this comes in a point of the movie where kinsey begins to doubt whether all of his work has been worthwhile . point being that this scene is very touching because the woman reveals that he has saved her life with the study and by telling him this she not only validates his work but in a larger scope actually validates his life because his work was his life . i personally loved this movie and cant wait to get it on dvd . this man was a pioneer and should be respected for having the audacity to carry out such a taboo project in the time period he did . the whole movie is very solid from all points of view . go and see it i can not imagine disappointment coming from this movie , but you can never please everyone .
 ... which despite all the racy fare on TV and billboards , is probably still one of the most sexually repressed and sexually retarded societies in the industrialized Western world today -LRB- Catholic-dominated Ireland is our only equal -RRB- , thanks in large part to our puritan heritage and the continuing influence of fundamentalist Christiantiy.As a film it is very competent and engaging , with Liam Neeson and Laura Linney in fine form and supported by an excellent cast . There are some surprisingly candid moments which reveal some of Kinsey 's personal foibles so this was no the hagiography that film bios often fall into . However considering the subject material it all felt a bit flat , one comes away feeling that a lot of the more difficult issues of Kinsey 's life and work were left out in the interest of making it more palatable to a mainstream audience .4 stars as a film , 5 stars as social-historical educational tool .
 While the movie does a good job of showing Kinsey as a man , it fails to reveal recent criticisms on his research . He used his research to claim that the population as a whole is far more sexually devious then first thought . However a study can only represent the general population if it is a random sample of the general population , this is basic statistics . the sad truth is the people whom he interviewed included criminals in prison for sex crimes , criminals in prison for other violent crimes , homosexuals of whom he recruited in heavily gay areas of town . these accounted for about half his study , while the other half was more `` normal people '' , but they werent because to be willing to tell a stranger about our sex life , youd have to be pretty outgoing or sexual in nature . this means that the people unwilling to give the survey -LRB- ie non sexually devious people -RRB- were not included . He used a completely unrepresentative sample , and tried to extrapolate that to the whole nation , some people still cite his study today . its a shame , and bad science . hopefully soon he will be more widely discredited . anyways those looking for a movie review , sorry that was kind of off topic
 Kinsey is one of those rare films that manage to be entertaining , enlightening , provocative , and funny all at the same time . As a biopic of the twentieth century 's most famous sex researcher , the film is unsurpassed , but the movie also works as a type of historical period piece . The era of he 1950 's , while seemingly puritanical on the surface , was in fact , rife with people doing it in all sorts of ways.Alfred Kinsey 's findings were seminal in discounting the sexual norm . Society 's efforts to impose an arbitrary sexual standard amounts to cruel and unusual punishment on an individual 's sexual nature , especially when it 's different from everyone else 's . Kudos goes to Alfred Kinsey -LRB- a wonderful Liam Neeson -RRB- who actively bought this to the surface , and showed us that sex was so much more than just the socially sanctioned `` husband , and wife equals babies . `` Blessed with memorable performances and a candid , sophisticated screenplay , the movie does n't shy away from honest and blatant sexual topics ; in fact , the frank and sincere tone probably works in its favour . The sex talk is never exploitive or gratuitous , and is always presented in a format that pays homage to Kinsey 's own penchant towards analytical scientific analysis . The film begins with Kinsey 's famous interview technique on the man himself , and traces Kinsey 's troubled childhood , and his strained relationship with his puritanical father -LRB- John Lithgow -RRB- , an engineering teacher and occasional Sunday school preacher.Seeking solace from his repressive home life , Kinsey spends his days in the forest observing the natural world around him . He eventually becomes a Harvard-educated zoologist specializing in the study of gall wasps . After being hired to teach biology at Indiana University , Kinsey meets and marries the progressive female student , Clara McMillen -LRB- another fine performance by Laura Linney -RRB- . In the course of his teaching Kinsey discovers an astonishing dearth of scientific data on sexual behaviour , and this , combined with the fact that the couple have had problems sexually consummating their marriage , leads Kinsey to become interested in the study of sexual dysfunction and behaviour.Kinsey recruits a team of researchers , including Clyde Martin -LRB- Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- , Wardell Pomeroy -LRB- Chris O'Donnell -RRB- , and Paul Gebhard -LRB- Timothy Hutton -RRB- , to travel the across the United States , and through a process of confidential face-to-face interviews , amass a huge body of information on people 's sex lives . -LRB- There 's one hilarious scene where they try to interview homosexual men in a local Chicago gay bar -RRB- . Kinsey publishes these findings in 1948 and calls it Sexual Behavior in the Human Male . The press compares the impact to that of the atom bomb , and Kinsey 's follow-up study on women is seen as an attack on basic American values . He loses his funding from the Rockefeller Foundation , and in order to continue his research , he is forced to beg for money from other wealthy benefactors.Neeson plays Kinsey with a damaged passion . He comes across as a troubled genius , a flawed scientist whose resolute commitment to the subject matter prompted him , and those around him to experiment sexually , to the detriment of their own personal relationships ; it 's interesting that he never discusses the effects of love on sex because he admits that he `` ca n't scientifically measure love . `` Kinsey is haunted by his puritanical past , but he realizes that the future of healthy relationships and marriages lies in uninhibited discussion , non-judgmental values , and sexual openness . Neeson and Linney are absolutely marvelous , and the entire supporting cast credible and terrific . Peter Sarsgaard is especially good - and the scene where he 's totally nude really adds to the sincerity of his sexually ambivalent character . Kinsey is without a doubt , one of the year 's best films . There will be lots of nominations come Oscar time . Mike Leonard November 04 .
 I was really looking forward to viewing this film . I was not disappointed . The product came as promised and the price was tough to beat . As for the movie content , it is tremendously life-altering and emotional .
 Bill Condon is to be commended as a filmmaker willing to tackle controversy in the pursuit of truth . `` Kinsey '' was one of the top films of 2004 . It entertained while at the same time filling in important details about the life of a man who opened America 's and ultimately the world 's eyes concerning what sex was really all about , shattering long held myths in the process.Liam Neeson plays the role of Kinsey with spirited conviction . His Kinsey is a man constantly pursuing knowledge , unafraid to venture where the frightened followers of tradition feared to tread . Early in his career as a biology professor Kinsey recognizes how many traits the creatures he microscopically analyzes resemble the conduct of humans . The problem was that people so frequently tended to shy away from their actual feelings for fear of being ostracized . A rigid and destructive conformity rooted in guilt prevailed . So many acts practices considered now considered normal by enlightened psychiatric opinion were denounced as verboten , aberrant , and ultimately depraved.One of the most fascinating segments of this thought provoking film relates to the rocky relationship of truth seeking Neeson and his father , a hellfire and brimstone Christian preacher played by John Lithgow . The haughty and chauvinistic Lithgow loves putting down both his son and his wife . He achieves a badly needed humility after Kinsey asks him probing questions about his own sexuality , as a result of which he faces basic truths concerning himself for the first time.Neeson 's pursuit of sexual freedom through liberating truth is enhanced by his successful marriage to a bright and inquisitive spouse . Laura Linney becomes attracted to Neeson while a student of his at Indiana University . She is able to penetrate his initial stuffiness and help to make him a better-rounded individual . Linney assists him in his personal sexual explorations as they use their own marriage as a laboratory to learn about their own erogenous zones and how to maximize sexual pleasure.A touching element of the film occurs when a tormented lesbian woman thanks Neeson for saving her life . She had believed prevailing psychiatric dogma about her own feelings and was considering suicide . Kinsey 's enlightened teachings made her feel like a human being and enabled her to overcome sexual guilt feelings that had previously paralyzed her .
 While Liam Neeson puts forth an extraordinary performance as Dr. Kinsey and Laura Linney as his wife , Mac , the movie was not nearly as provocative or `` controversial '' as everyone makes it out to be . Neeson should have perhaps garnered an Oscar nomination or at least perhaps a Golden Globe nod seeing as he nails the enigmatic role of Alfred Kinsey dead on.Also , the special features are anything but `` special '' seeing as they only offer commentary on/off and nothing more . Weak . Overall , a movie worth watching for the superb acting alone .
 Alfred Kinsey was a pioneer in the study of human sexuality . He was a professor at Indiana University and spent the first 20 years of his career studying an insect , the `` gall wasp . '' This movie , starring Liam Neeson in the title role , depicts Dr. Kinsey as having an obsession with his study of the gall wasp , collecting hundreds of thousands of specimens and devoting his life to studying this species . Tapped to teach a course on marriage and the family , Kinsey developed an interest in human sexuality and he bacame as obsessive in this study as he was in his earlier endeavor . He was driven and pushed his staff hard . He employed interviewers who spoke with thousands of people in taking sexual histories . Kinsey was very hands on as he personally instructed his staff on how to put subjects at ease as they conducted the interviews.Dr . Kinsey was the son of a morally strict father , convincingly played by John Lithgow . Neeson 's depiction of Dr. Kinsey shows the results of this upbringing . His characterization of Kinsey comes across as very stiff and uptight . He is not one to really let his hair down yet , in his groundbreaking study , there is no taboo that he is unwilling to explore . Indeed , he explores his own sexuality as he has an extramarital gay affair . Despite serious misgivings at first , his wife , played by Laura Linney , is accepting.The studies were very controversial , having been done in the 1940s , long before the `` sexual revolution . '' Some people found his findings to be very liberating in that they discovered that they were not alone in their sexual feelings . Other people were shocked , believing that the subject was taboo and should not be discussed . There is one brief scene in which a woman , who agonized over her lesbian inclinations , was liberated by Dr. Kinsey 's findings and , thereby allowed herself to enter into a relationship . Others , including Kinsey 's father , were scandalized . Ultimately , however , Kinsey 's father allows himself to be interviewed by his son and reveals his own , painful secrets of a repressed childhood.We live in a more sexually open era than we did , generations ago . This movie gives an insight into one of the reasons this is so . I recommend this dvd .
 Bill Condon provides us with a real gift -- an unflinching look at the life and work of Alfred `` PROK '' Kinsey . The sex is as pervasive as the humor in this brilliant biopic.The strength of the performances moves this film along despite the uneasiness engendered by a look at this very repressed era . Neeson , Linney and Saarsgard are especially memorable , but the other supporting cast , full of notables , is quite good.There are a few missteps , with a few uneven performances and occasional shallow spots . I wish Condon and the writers would have gone deeper in spots -LRB- NPI -RRB- and lingered a bit during certain scenes , but overall this is a remarkable piece . **** 1/2
 This film takes a serious look at Dr. Alfred Kinsey , whose study of the sexual habits of human beings was a breakthrough work in the late 1940s . He was basically a biologist and approached this study with the same thoroughness and impartiality of a scientist . Of course this angered a lot of people and deeply affected those around him . But his work defined the kinds of social changes our culture was going through . It was an idea whose time had come . And he was right there to do the research.Liam Neeson stars as the title character . It 's a difficult role because Dr. Kinsey was a complex person . His acting was nothing less than superb though . I felt I really got to know this man with all his subtle shades of personality . Laura Linney is cast as his wife , and she , too , does a magnificent job . This particular couple had stresses and strains on their relationship that were quite unique . And yet they met them all , learning about themselves as the research uncovered a world that was , before then , cloaked in mystery . Dr. Kinsey 's work was like a flashlight illuminating dark corners that , until then , everyone took for granted.The film moved a little slowly and there were few real surprises . After all , we 've all known about Dr. Kinsey for half a century . But I found myself intrigued throughout , and enjoyed being set down into the world that the film created . The content was interesting , of course , but this was a character-based study done well . And it 's certainly a worthwhile effort to bring this story to the screen . Recommended .
 but it ca n't be denied that Dr. Alfred Kinsey made some important contributions in our understanding of Sexuality . This movie probably glosses over and rounds off some of the hard edges of the man and his work.Liam Neeson and Laura Linney play their parts superbly . What struck me the most about this film was the way Kinsey doggedly and dogmatically went about his research-perfecting it in every way as the years went by . His first volume `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Male '' was probably accepted better than his follow-up `` Sexual Behavior in the Human Female '' because America was a little more apt to admit that the men were , well just being men . But when histories came out about women , it was shocking and scandalous . I mean , did n't people think that females were so very different than men ? While I do believe there are subtle nuances between the two sexes , I think we are probably more alike than we like to admit , whether in 1948 or 2008 . If Kinsey pushed the door open half-way with his work , the sexual revolution of the 1960 's and the discovery of the birth control pill smashed it to pieces . And where are we today ? I think it is a mixed bag . Certainly to be more comfortable with our bodies , feelings etc. , is a good thing . Also the obnoxious moralizing from the Victorian era is largely a thing of the past . By and large we seem more comfortable with ourselves . We now know of the agendas of the closed-minded people who claimed to speak under the seal and shield of God and did so with authoritarian bigotry and for the most part , impunity.Yet we still exploit sex and do it more than we ever have . We act as if it is not that big a deal and thereby trivialize it . If there is anything to learn from the film and from Kinsey himself , it 's that the controls must come from inside . No attempt to legislate , engender guilt or shame , or any other force without is ultimately successful . Sex can greatly and supremely enhance a person 's life or destroy it.With Kinsey , science met humanity and it seemed a perfect marriage . Yet , it still left some residual discomfort that is being felt to this day . I think this movie says to us , `` Do n't shoot the messenger . '' Kinsey simply shed light on a ` taboo ' subject . Was his research skewed ? That is argued to this day . Was it mostly accurate ? I would say probably yes . But ultimately , can we ever know with any certainty what goes on in our neighbor 's head/bedrooms ? Kinsey 's work probably appealed to the voyeur inherent in a lot of people . I am sure it liberated some people who desparately needed it . In other cases I think it probably gave a certain ` license ' to those who live on the fringe of society such as sex abusers , the emotionally unstable , and the libertine . But with an atmosphere that was present in the late 1800 's and early 1900 's , who can blame everyday people for wanting to throw off the shackles of igornance and Puritanism ? Doctors-men of science dispensed some of the most idiotic and dangerous advice under the guise of keeping people ` pure . ' Today , all but the most ignorant and rabid fundamentalists accept the role of sex in a well-rounded person.When viewing this movie , remember the context and the frame of time in which it was set . In some ways it is charmingly naive , and in others very frank and ` in your face . ' As Kinsey said , `` Love is the ultimate answer , but in the meantime , sex raises some very interesting questions . '' Yes , indeed .
 No matter how well scripted , they 're hidebound by having to stick to the outward facts of their subject 's life . I have n't seen a good one since LADY SINGS THE BLUES and even that was n't awfully good , though it was fascinating . So is KINSEY , I expect , though people do n't seem to want to go to it . Me and my friend Wayne went last night and three women sitting behind us and to the left were laughing at themselves and their own naivete because , as it turned out , they had come to the theater thinking they were seeing `` Kinsey Millhone , '' the Sue Grafton heroine , brought to life by Laura Linney . They did n't know whether to laugh or cry when they discovered they were in for a picture showing how America gradually opened up to the idea of sex when supported by science.Another rule of thumb is , most movies starring John Lithgow and Veronica Cartwright as the parents are probably going to be pretty overplayed . This was the case here . Seeing this movie was like going into a time tunnel of the cinema -- so many of the actors have n't been in an `` A '' movie in ages . Timothy Hutton , Lynn Redgrave , John Lithgow , Katherine Houghton -LRB- the young girl from GUESS WHO 'S COMING TO DINNER , now looking unimaginably aged -RRB- and even Chris O'Donnell from the Batman movies . How did he get another job ? He 's looking good . But Peter Sarsgaard provokes most of the attention by slipping out of his clothes in a cheap hotel room and heading for the shower . Kinsey does n't know which way to look but you can see where his eyes are straying to . Peter Sarsgaard is n't the luckiest guy in tbe size department , but he 's got nothing to complain about , and once his pants come down , you can predict what 's going to happen through the rest of the movie . I wonder if the real Clyde Martin is still alive ? If so you 'd think he 'd ask for someone with a bigger endowment to play him . Oh well , he -LRB- Sarsgaard -RRB- is extremely good in the movie and many fans will beat a path to his door.Linney and Neeson are good , too , but they are often harshly lit and madeup to look awful . Laura Linney in particular has been given some nice hairdos and 30s and 40s dresses , but then they blotch her skin with a disgraceful aging makeup that makes it hard to believe she 's not supposed to be playing a homeless person without access to moisturizer or even soap . As for Neeson , how old is he anyhow ? Playing a young man he looks older than Walter Huston , and he does n't get any better as he ages.All in all the movie is too ambitious and tries to cover too much territory . GODS AND MONSTERS , Bill Condon 's previous biopic , took the subtler approach of limiting the story to the events of the last days of James Whale 's life . This story might have worked better with a little restraint , though I can see Condon pushing for that epic feel which he just misses -- what a pity .
 Ok , so I bought this movie because I saw an HBO special on the making of Kinsey . When I actually got to see the movie I was hideously surprised . I saw this with a group of my college friends . Oh man . This movie is definitely not for the family . Extremely graphic . EXTREMELY GRAPHIC . Rating for this movie should be NC-17 , not R. That 's how graphic . There are certain scenes that are controversial , if you 've seen this movie I 'm sure you know what scenes . Watch this movie away from children . Good for adult viewing . Overall movie was funny and interesting . Not For Children .
 Liam Neeson -LRB- Star Wars Episode 1
 Good Sex stuff to learn from . Not about acting , but how people work.I loved it perhaps too much .
 Kinsey is the story of a man , during the periods of the 1940 's and 50 's when speaking openly about sex was concidered taboo , took fourth to make strides about understanding of how sexuality had pervaded society . Alfred Kinsey went from studying bugs to teaching , and studying about sex ; all the while he goes from not having sex untill after he 's married , to openly engaging and encouraging non-emotionally connected sex acts , including some of his own on the bisexual nature . Ultimently , for all the controvesry of whether he abused children -LRB- which I believe were false rumors creaded by ultra-religous purists -RRB- , to his questionable researching methods , he may have done the best sex study ever in our history . By using up close interviews , as non-judgemental as possible , with thousands of subjects , he closed the limited , though certainly did n't eliminate all together , the fact that when people are asked about sex they often lie . Ultimently , however , he was mocked and brought down , and his study was never completed the way he hoped , as society seemed still not ready.Liam Neason , as Kinsey , gives one of the best performances of his career . Kinsey was a pretty dull man , but he 's depicted with pure underlying emotion , from be secluded in his bug days , to being a pioneer of sex that believed strongly in what he was doing . Laura Liney , as his wife , is also great as a woman who finds it in her heart to love him and stay with him despite questionable permiscuity . Actors like Chris Odonald , Peter Sarsgaurd , and John Lithgow as Kinsey 's conservative father , among others round out an exceptionally casted flick with a strong screenplay behind it . The time line the movies flows with is a bit unorthodox , as years pass without ever realising it , but it still works due to the direct , meaningful nature every scene encompases.How much one appreciates this movie should not be directly connected to how much one appreciates Kinsey himself . It 's a story about breaking boundaries at a time when many were n't ready , and about a person who took to a new style of thought that even today many would find objectionable . There were so many issues to ponder for myself after seeing this movie that I could n't begin to describe them all , but at it 's face value its a just very well told story .
 `` Kinsey '' is the story of Alfred Kinsey , the very controversial sex researcher of the 1950 's . At a time when the only sex education that was being taught was abstinence and only in a general health class , Dr. Kinsey was feeling the lack of information and that amount of rubbish that was being taught as fact . People just did n't have any information about sex , who does it , who does what , what is permissible , and what is possible . His interest in the subject came because of some sexual issues early in his marriage and his need as scientist to know the solution . There is also a deep undercurrent of sexual repression from his father.Dr . Kinsey initially starts to advise some of his science students and then more and more start coming to him and Dr. Kinsey inquires about a sexual education class that could be held at his University . He also begins an exhaustive study -LRB- pun intended -RRB- into the sexual behavior of human males with a follow up study on females to come later . Any question that could be asked is asked and the findings are shocking to many , though not likely shocking to today 's audience.My expectation for the movie that it would be start to finish sex and nudity . I think this is from some of the negative , one sided reviews that portrayed this movie through a certain moral lens . It is n't . The movie is filled with talk about sex , and as it should be considering the subject . There is sex and nudity , though not nearly as much as one would expect . While there is a good deal of sex as the movie progresses , it is far less revealing than it could have been.The real surprise that I had was that this was a good movie , better than I had anticipated . I was all ready to dislike the movie and I could n't . Well made , well told , and while it does celebrate Kinsey and his work -LRB- ending with a woman telling an older Kinsey that his work saved her life and helped her to have a healthy relationship with another woman -RRB- , `` Kinsey '' does not hide his faults , obsessions , and uncomfortable beliefs -LRB- such as that there is nothing wrong or immoral about pedophilia -RRB- . The film shows the great strides Dr. Kinsey helped America take in sexual education even when America was n't truly ready , but does n't hide the negative.-Joe Sherry
 I am a big fan of Liam Neeson and I heard about this film while attending a class in college . After watching a short portion of it in class I was interested in watching the rest of the film.Amazon offers it for a wonderful price and I received it right away after I ordered it . The film is very interesting and takes a very real documented statements and concepts within the nature of sex and demonstrates the reactions of people and society from different various age groups and cultures.The film is to be watched with an open mind .
 Kinsey was a pioneer in sexology and sex research in particular ! I was amazed at how well Liam played Kinsey , and how well this movie was done in general ! All of the actors and actresses are fantastic , and they all have great chemistry ! This is also a great interpretation of how society was back in the 50 's when it came to sex education , research , and talk . Kinsey was against all odds when it came to society , and it was difficult for him to gain respect and funding not only in the scientific world - but in society all around ! However , we owe so much to him for all the different things we now understand about sexual behavior among humans and how we are the same and vary . This is well worth two hours of your time ! You will not be dissapointed !
 Great movie . Very educational but pleasing to watch . Really give you insight to Kinsey 's life and his interest in sexuality .
 Did n't expect to enjoy this as much as I did . It was assigned for a class , but it was actually really good ! Would definitely buy the film now !
 came on time and in excellent condition . great story about a great man who changed the way we view sex in the world
 As someone who is interested in history , I found the depiction of society most compelling here - a window on a time in American history when sex was filled with gross misinformation . The tale of the relationship between Kinsey and his wife , and his growing popularity , was also intriguing and interesting . My only real complaint is that the ending seemed somewhat aborted . Other than that , this movie is well worth your time .
 This film is pretty great . I am a fan of Kinsey anyways , and a fan of sex education , so this movie was pretty great . The actors were wonderful and well done .
 Great product . No problems with shipment , would recommend doing business with . Product was good quality when I played the DVD .
 Watching Alfred Kinsey -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- in the classroom lecturing about human reproduction and sex , showing parts of the female and male anatomy on a slide projector , I am struck by the fact that the time period is approximately the early 1950 's . I am struck by the candor , the directness , the calling a spade-a-spade frankness of the entire scene.What is unfortunately sad and hurtful about the scene is that it would never happen today
 I liked this movie , but I have to mention the big flaw first . In human sexuality courses that I took , I was always told that Kinsey excluded black people from his research . Some say he did it innocently because he felt that he did n't have a large enough sample . Please see Brett Beemyn 's book `` Queer Subjects '' for more info on this . So it 's odd that this film shows a black man and a black woman telling of their sexual experience . This is diversity we love and expect now , but it probably was n't the case during the pre-Civil Rights and post-Reconstruction era . If people can fault `` A Beautiful Mind '' for its erasure of bisexuality , then they must note the inaccuracy taking place in this film.People will be thrilled by this film . When I saw it , the audience cracked up at the humor and clapped heartily at the end . Visually , this film looks just like Norman Rockwell 's paintings . Literally , it 's fascinating hearing conservative , prudish people talking about explicit subjects . This film is both innocent and risque , just like `` Grease . '' This is a fascinationg study of Michel Foucault 's repressive hypothesis.It 's about time that someone made this film . The world must thank Kinsey for showing that sexuality can be studied scientifically . So much of marital counseling , pro-choice options , and gay rights would not have happened without him . He is a godfather for both sex education classes and gay studies . I would add feminism too . This movie shows how studying men sexually was somewhat acceptable , but Kinsey was punished for studying women . This double-standard is one of the points where I was most heartbroken in the film . Neesom effectively shows how determined Kinsey was . This made for a dynamic look at the actions and minds of geniuses and pioneers.Believe it or not , many people will be able to put themselves in Kinsey 's shoes . This film shows how hard it is for any fundraiser -LRB- whether for non-profits or for research -RRB- to pay for their work or make their goals happen . This also shows the difficulty in trying to not get wrapped up into that which you are studying . It also shows how scientists do not want to have their research just sit in outer space ; they want to affect policy , to have their results mean something outside of the library . It explores the difficulty in facing the fire without getting burnt.In this film , we see how Kinsey did so much that would help gay men and lesbians , but it was also just one of many subjects that he broached . This film shows gays , bisexuals , and heterosexuals in a positive light . No one will be offended . Also , there is a love triangle in this film where all 3 persons -LRB- of both biological sexes , and different sexual identities -RRB- have agency and choice , are made to look good.The actors here are amazing . Tim Curry plays a prudish professor . It 's almost the exact opposite of his Frankenfurter role from `` Rocky Horror . '' Still , he manages to be the character , again , that audiences love to hate . Equally important , John Lithgow shows his incredible acting range . I associate him with his friendly , wholesome telephone ads . However , his roles in this movie , `` Garp , '' and `` RIcochet '' show that he is great at pushing the envelope and exploring many provocative roles . Chris O'Donnell does go outside of his typical , boyish roles , but I think he could have done more.This film is sexy , but not obscene at all . There are things that Kinsey and his research assistants do that would now be considered unethical . Still , Neeson 's emaciated , oily body could not ever be deemed erotic . For some reason , he and his wife age little in this film though they have children one scene and the children are adults two minutes later . Neesom looks so much like Ralph Fiennes -LRB- `` Maid in Manhattan , '' `` Red Dragon '' -RRB- that I would not know it was Neesom if he were n't at the Chicago premiere.My biggest critique is that this film has no ending . Unlike `` Motorcycle Diaries , '' `` Boycott , '' `` 10,000 Black Men Named George , '' and many other biopics , there is no biographical information written at the end . This begs far more questions then it answers and leaves the audience hanging.Still , every adult across the globe needs to see and think seriously about this work .
 I am so glad that I was able to see this film , not once , but twice , in a movie theatre . Seeing it for the first time , in a theatre , with a full-size large audience who was laughing , applauding and generally enjoying this relatively frank film about sex , was a testament to the work of Alfred Kinsey ; to make the general public aware about sexuality , and be able to discuss it honestly and unashamed.This is one hell of a film . Liam Neeson and Laura Linney are stellar as Mr. and Mrs. Kinsey ... the greatest performances I 've seen from either of these wonderful actors . Peter Sarsgaard is also a revelation as Kinsey 's primo assistant . His delivery with these two other actors is flawless . What a shame that none of these actors were awarded an Oscar for their roles in this stellar film.The film weaves Kinsey 's background back and forth through his personal life , his struggles , and his studies . It shows us that despite his devotion to work , he was also human and capable of the same frustrations that many of his subjects encountered . The film dares to take a -LRB- still -RRB- sensitive subject for many , and place it in their laps ... showing that there really is n't anything more frightening or alarming then allowing oneself to remain in the dark.The SE DVD of this film , comes with a very nice anamorphic transfer of the film , as well as a wealth of bonus extras . The most enjoyable of these are 20 scenes/segments which were edited from the final print . The most interesting of these are the clips with Chris O'Donnell , which suggest he had a slightly more substantial role in the film , but much of it was needed to be cut for pacing . Unlike many `` deleted scenes '' some DVDs claim , these are actually valuable to the film as a whole , and worth watching . It 's fascinating to see how some of these clips add to the story and/or alter what is actually in the finished film.Also included is a visual tour of the Kinsey archives , a really humorous `` gag reel '' , and an optional director commentary on the soundtrack throughout the film . A wonderful film , that is worth owning on DVD . It 's one of the few films in recent years that I actually care to own and review .
 KINSEY is so well acted that it seems nearly the most perfectly scripted documentary in the history of film . The acting performances were stunning . Liam Neeson was strong , confident , and zealous , and Laura Linney was entirely believable as a spouse that married a collector of bugs and became the spouse of a man who collected ` scientific data ' on people 's sex lives . Although that does not do Kinsey 's work justice . In my opinion , his work was some of the most important scientific/sociological work performed in the 20th century.What struck me through nearly every moment of the film was how strikingly similar the climate of his day is to today 's social climate . Second to that , I was amazed that society was progressive enough to allow Kinsey to conduct his work , although in the end his funding from the Rockefeller Foundation was cut - yet another `` Hey , Thanks ! '' to good ol' McCarthy -LRB- the nut job -RRB- . Today we 're seeing heightened conservatism with regard to sexuality . Some of that has to do with disease - specifically , AIDS . Some of that is also related to recent attempts by many gay groups to make gay marriage legal . -LRB- This is something , by the way , that one day society will look back on and say , `` duh ! '' , just like interracial marriages , and giving African Americans and women the right to vote . How so many people do n't understand that boggles the mind . -LSB- That should get me some negative votes ! -RSB- -RRB- So the release of this film , at this particular time , illustrated how most events are cyclical . I drew hope from the film , because looking back on history I know that the McCarthy nonsense went away , and today is spoken of mostly in embarrassed tones . I believe that in the next decade , we will see a similar shift in `` morality '' . I read the Kinsey Report in high school , and remember thinking - by gosh , I 'm normal ! I 'm not going to go blind after all , or grow hair on my palms ! I found out that on a `` normal '' scale , if there was such a thing , I was far closer to normal than I had ever believed . Like the last scene in the film , a touching two minute `` interview '' with a character played by Lynn Redgrave , it changed my life.This movie was full of surprises . I do n't know if the depictions of Kinsey being as strict and preachy and zealous as he was in the film are correct , but if they are , then Neeson really hit the mark . He does such a good job when playing real people
 Of all the films coming out this holiday movie season , KINSEY was near the top of my list . Despite an absolutely superb cast , I have to confess that I found this film someone disappointing . The truth is that there simply was n't a lot of story to tell , or at least not a lot if you were already familiar with Alfred Kinsey 's story . Briefly , Kinsey achieved fame as an entomologist who accidentally became the first American sex researcher . Many on the regressive side of the cultural wars focus on him as a satanic figure , but most people are going to view him as an important figure in pulling American attitudes and knowledge of sex out of the Victorian period . The film does a good job of hinting at the degree of ignorance about sex that existed in many places even in mid-century -LRB- reminding one of Virginia Woolf 's comments a few decades earlier of an incident in one of E. M. Forster 's novels -- Woolf expressed doubt as to whether Mr. Forster was acquainted with the facts of life , since she was uncertain whether one character became pregnant from a male character or his umbrella -RRB- . It would be hard to argue that the ignorance that existed did a great deal of harm . Kinsey 's achievement was to bring sex into the realm of public discussion and assess it scientifically through a massive accumulation of information acquired through face to face interviews . Historically , his main achievement was in originating the social scientific study of sex , though his work has been entirely superceded by other researchers . Most view his methodology as hopelessly flawed , for instance including a vast number of interviews with incarcerated individuals , which unquestionably skewed the overall figures in ways that did n't represent the populace as a whole . Nonetheless , Kinsey was pivotal in moving the discussion of sex from the realm of morals to that of the laboratory . Anyone wanting a very brief but excellent account of Kinsey 's career can find a succint one in the relevant chapter in David Halberstam 's THE FIFTIES.Alongside this story of Kinsey 's study of sex is the story of the main characters own struggle with their sexuality , something that threatened the separation between his private and personal life . Kinsey ends up not only experimenting with his own sexuality , but encourages his wife and his colleagues and their wives to do so as well . This part of the film reveals the naivet&eacute; of much of their personal activity and the self-serving nature of much of their research.If anything , the film understates the turmoil Kinsey 's work threw America into , though it does correctly record that while his first book on male sexuality did indeed create a sensation , it was his second book on female sexuality that created a massive reaction on the part of his critics.The problem is that most of this lacks a great deal of narrative tension and the filmmakers did not manage to transcend the material . While they do a great job of creating a period feel and bringing forth many of the big issues of the day , the outlines of the story are easy to state briefly . In other words , the Kinsey story is interesting up to a point , but only up to that point . The cast does its best , with Liam Neeson almost certain to get an Oscar nomination for the title role . Laura Linney , an immensely talented actress who has never gotten as many prominent roles as I would have liked , delivered an equally nuanced performance as Kinsey 's wife . The cast was rounded out by a talented group , though one of my favorites , Oliver Platt , gets only a straightforward role that gives him no room to expand.Except for those who are easily offended by rather graphic sexual content , I can definitely recommend this film , but I do not do so with a red hot passion . It is a good , but certainly not great film on an interesting , but not quite fascinating , moment in American history .
 For whatever reason , American cinema is notoriously prudish about sex . Frank , adult films with strong sexual content are few and far between -- and generally quite controversial . In an era where any amount of violence , gore and brutality is commonplace -- I find it odd that religious pundits and the ratings board are primarily on the attack against sexual material . So , with a great deal of interest , I approached `` Kinsey '' when it arrived in theaters . I wondered how a major studio would handle a conventional biopic about a sexual pioneer.I was thrilled with the result -- Bill Condon crafted a serious , challenging film . It had been a long time since I 'd seen a relevant movie that spoke openly about sex . My recent experience re-watching `` Kinsey '' has only strengthened my resolve to proclaim it a significant and brilliant film . It 's hard to imagine the bulk of this film is set in the forties , because much of the conversation is as taboo to today 's society -LRB- at least how it is represented in film -RRB- as it was then . Kinsey , an unlikely candidate to become America 's best known sex researcher , is played in a stunning warts-and-all portrayal by Liam Neeson . Equally motivated by science , the animal kingdom , and his own sexual ineptitude -- we see every step of Kinsey 's own liberation . As we learn about the habits , passions , and frustrations of others -- so too do we learn more about ourselves.The screenplay , also by Condon , is extremely literate and thoughtful . This is a grown-up movie made for intelligent adults . Imagine ! Neeson , as I 've mentioned , is perfection . Laura Linney , as Kinsey 's wife , was the film 's sole Oscar nomination . She is solid , as usual -- always an interesting blend of need and strength . Along with Neeson , Peter Sarsgaard also deserved acting recognition . A real actor 's actor , Sarsgaard is often overlooked and undervalued -- but here he is a revelation as the man who beds both of the Kinsey 's . Even the smaller roles are fleshed out with intelligence including John Lithgow , Chris O'Donnell and Timothy Hutton all doing fine work.A minor hiccup does n't change my overall passion for `` Kinsey '' -- but the ending was a bit conventional for such a special film . In a different world , this movie would have been a commercial hit ! It would have garnered an Oscar nod for Best Picture . Along with Linney , Neeson and Sarsgaard would have been acting nominees . And Condon would have been up for Writing and Directing . Sadly , I do n't live in that world for it 's a world where movies are made for grown-ups and quality triumphs ! KGHarris , 10/06 .
 KINSEY is the story of Dr. Alfred Kinsey who started the Kinsey Institute over 50 years ago , delving into human sexual research . The subject was very much taboo as you might suspect . This docu-drama showcases the work of Dr. Kinsey and his staff as they researched individual sex histories of Americans during the past 6 decades . Liam Neeson who plays the part of Alfred Kinsey , does a remarkable job in his portrayal of the famed researcher . He is backed by an awesome cast to make this movie a standout in the 2004 box office lineup.There is something in this film for absolutely everyone unless you just simply have no interest whatsoever in sex -LRB- of some kind -RRB- . Casting , acting , video and audio quality , scenery , props , the whole works are top notch and the story is very well expounded in this production . I was n't quite sure what this film would be like , and had some reservations about seeing it . I was surprised and you will be too . You might even learn a few things about a subject you thought you knew pretty well . I recommend seeing it . This double disc edition provides great interviews and extras from the making of KINSEY . I was not only intrigued by the movie itself , but the extras were a nice addition and enjoyable to view .
 I wo n't rehash the movie , enough has been stated in previous reviews . I will say that I put this movie on the back burner for months as far as rentals go , thinking that I would n't really like it . I was wrong . It was thorougly entertaining with good performances by all of the leads -LRB- not great , but good -RRB- . There are some images of female & male genitalia , so if you 're uncomfortable with viewing this , you might want to think twice about seeing the movie . There are also some scenes -LRB- not many though -RRB- , where one of Kinsey 's interviewees talks about his sexual experiences with minors - this was hard to watch , and I wanted Kinsey to beat the guy to a pulp . He did n't . If these scenarios do n't really bother you -LRB- and note , bother is different than affect -RRB- , then I highly recommend this movie .
 Dr. Alfred Kinsey 's pioneering research into the sexual behavior of humans , resulting in two monumental books that appeared after World War II , Sexual Behavior in the Human Male and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female , is acknowledged both by his supporters and detractors to have been one of the seminal causes of the so-called Sexual Revolution in America . It is to Bill Condon 's credit that in writing and directing this film biography he has avoided sensationalizing its subject while not shying away from its discomforting aspects.Using Kinsey 's technique of face-to-face interviews with his subjects as a framing device , his life work is shown together with the complex nature of the man himself and his personal relationships . Liam Neeson in the title role conveys Kinsey 's bluster , single-minded obsessiveness , tenderness and frailty all rolled together into a superb performance , with Laura Linney matching him in commitment as Clara `` Mac , '' his wife . An unusually large and lustrous supporting cast surrounds them , among them luminaries such as Chris O'Donnell , Timothy Hutton , John Lithgow , Tim Curry and , in an unexpected and moving cameo near the end , Lynn Redgrave . Peter Sarsgaard , as Clyde Martin , Kinsey 's assistant and sometime lover both to him and his wife , must be singled out for his nuanced interpretation of a complex character , which includes a male-to-male seduction scene of a frankness and complexity rarely seen in American film . It is startling to realize that this is the same actor who played Hilary Swank 's brutal rapist and murderer in Boys Do n't Cry . While the pacing is occasionally over-stately , and the biopic format results in some rather formulaic film devices , such as the montage of talking heads superimposed on a U.S. map representing the extent of the Kinsey team 's research , the look and feel of the entire film unobtrusively but superbly conveys the period and Midwestern academic locale -LRB- one is surprised to learn that much of it was shot in New York and the Tri-State area -RRB- . Without heavy-handed preaching , Kinsey makes us aware both of how far society has come since the days of his research and , sadly , how far it still has to go.The latest DVD release , a deluxe two-disc set , is worth having mainly for the engrossing hour-and-a-half documentary about the making of the film , in which interviews with director Bill Condon and producer Gail Mutrux tie together a multitude of topics including the conception of the original idea , difficulties in financing the film , and most vividly the trials involved in doing a major production on a tight budget and severely constrained shooting schedule . The rest includes the usual packages of deleted scenes , bloopers , trailers and -- rather more interesting -- a viewer 's own do-it-him/herself sex survey .
 The whole package is what I expect from the BBC ... great , much research and fabulous photography ...
 This is the most awsome DVD . The whole family will enjoy this , not just the avid bird lover . However nature is nature and survival can be upsetting to little children . The photography is amazing and if you ever wanted to know anything about birds this is the DVD for you .
 My wife and I really enjoyed this series - it 's visually stunning and well narrated . The surprise is that our kids -LRB- 7,6,4 -RRB- found it to be just as entertaining -- and educational . Perfect family entertainment .
 Brilliant cinematography , excellent narration -LRB- all of David Attenbourgh 's stuff is amazing -RRB- and a all around appealing documentary . LOVE IT !!!
 David Attenborough is the world 's foremost and probably most well-known wildlife expert . He and his crew go to extraordinary lengths to capture footage of plants , birds , animals , insects , the earth never before seen , in each and every series they create . The resultant photography is always top-notch , the narration by Attenborough always succinct , appealing , and with a dash of under-stated English humor , and the documentaries extremely interesting.Life of Birds is no exception to the above . It is fantastic . The series captures all kinds of birds in live action , eating , mating , drilling , flying , hunting , defending - all with astonishing clarity and precision . You will be wonder-struck at numerous scenes . Attenborough 's narration is on point as always . The material is fresh , informative and crisp . You will find yourself watching the films contained on this 3-DVD set again and again over the years . Very highly recommended .
 Needless to say , this is another fascinating and wonderful production . Most previous reviewers have already rated this DVD as it deserves , with 5 stars ! . Get it , you wo n't be dissapointed ! It is well worth the price !!
 David Attenborough is a wonderful biologist . He says it all in this DVD set . They are awesome to watch , and I ca n't speak more highly of his DVD 's . The photography is gorgeous , and they are so educational . I am totally speechless . Other 's have taken the words right out of my mouth , watch them and you wo n't be sorry .
 Anyone that loves birds as much as I do will love these videos . It literally goes thru the life birds , from birds then to birds now . This set is worth every penny , not to mention the filming is amazing .
 David Attenborough does a great job -LRB- as always -RRB- with this video series . He gives detailed and trustable information on all aspects of flight , feathers , internal biology and even habits and evolutionary adaptations . Truely the `` apples to zebras '' of birding videos .
 This is an extraordinary documentary that is both beautifully photographed and well narrated . We have enjoyed this immensely and will view it many times in the years to tome .
 The Life of BirdsThis 3 disc set is the most amazing video of birds my husband and I have ever watched . The video footage of everything from mating rituals to building nests , bird calls , finding food , well , the whole set of videos is worth every penny . Buy it and see things you never dreamed of seeing in the bird world .
 This DVD set has some absolutely incredible footage of birds , and David Attenborough 's commentary is informative and entertaining . A must-have for bird-lovers and lovers of nature in general .
 This collection of videos is truly amazing . Educational and photography is beautiful . WELL WORTH THE PRICE/GET IT !
 Breathtaking photography ! I have used the DVDs in my classroom of 3rd graders , and my husband and I have enjoyed many hours of pure beauty and amazement of birds . Even a non-bird lover would be in `` awe '' of this awesome collection .
 Once again David Attenbourough , in conjunction with the BBC , has produced an excellent nature series . The series is very informative , as well as interesting and entertaining . The photography is up to the BBC 's usual superlative standard , and the commentary is well written and witty per Mr. Attenbouroughs ' style . I highly recommended series !
 David Attenborough is one of my heroes in life . Like all of his great wild life documentaries this is another one of his timeless masterpieces . If you have ever tried to take a picture of a bird in the wild then you would really appreciate the amount of work that has gone into this documentary . The filming is absolutely brilliant . This is a must have for any wild life fan . You can see why they made David a Sir .
 EXCELLENT !!!! We ordered it twice from Netflix , but it was too good not to own ourselves . So many INTERESTING facts ... unbelievable information .
 Bird lovers * must * see this . Computer graphics , and unbelievable shots make this the best compiled documentary on birds I 've ever had the pleasure of viewing . A `` must see '' for backyard birdwatchers , birders and those who just love birds .
 When my husband purchased this three-DVD series , I asked him , `` Are you really SURE you are THAT interested in birds to watch ten hours of programs about them ? '' But from the first hour , I was hooked . Every single episode relates so many different , interesting facts . Some things I had wondered about for many years , and they were explained.For example , why is it that the birds start singing the very second the first ray of sun comes over the horizon , and they go on singing very noisily for about 30 minutes , at which point they quiet down again ? -LRB- VERY annoying if you 're trying to sleep . -RRB- Well , the answer is that each bird knows all of its neighbors , and calls to each neighbor periodically throughout the day to be sure it is still there and well , and to be sure that no foreign bird has invaded its neighbors ' territories . Upon awaking each morning , each bird calls to it 's own neighbors , particularly those of its own species , mainly to be sure that its neighbors are still alive and well . -LRB- Most birds are blind at night . -RRB- This exchange takes about half an hour , and is the birds ' equivalent of our morning news . That 's why it stops after half an hour , when each bird has finished talking to each of its neighbors . This is only one of the fascinating facts I remembered from this delightful series . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is the slightest bit interested in nature of any kind .
 When i started watching this , i did ` nt expect to watch very much , but the series has turned out to be suprisingly entertaining , and informative ! There are alot of amazing scenes throughout the series , as well as beautiful cinamatography . I personally am not an avid bird enthusiast , but watching this kind of makes me want to start !
 My wife and I bought The Life of Birds from Amazon without seeing a minute of it . We had seen The Life of Mammals and Blue Planet enough times that we both felt confident that we knew what we were getting . We were right . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that I ca n't quite say it was as good as Blue Planet , which blew me away.Based on our previous experience with The Life of Mammals and Blue Planet , what were we expecting , you might ask ? Well , first of all , we knew we 'd be getting an outstanding nature documentary series featuring a dizzying variety of animals . We were also expecting informative , yet not overly intrusive narration from David Attenborough . Last , we were expecting a series that our 2-year-old would be riveted to and want to watch over and over again , which is what happened with the first two series . As I said earlier , that 's what we expected and that 's what we got.Don ' t get me wrong
 I 'll start with these words
 It would take something spectacular for me to watch a DVD for 10 hours straight ... and this is . I laughed , I cried , I held my breath as 2 fighting hawks grasped talons in midair and spiraled down ... would they realize that the ground was fast approaching ? -LRB- Buy it and find out ! -RRB- Think of this series as an amalgamation of fascinating facts about different species ' behavior as it relates to their commonalities , such as nesting . Although no species is explored in depth , the vignettes are satisfying . -LRB- Although , I do want to know what happens to eggs that get buried completely and abandoned by their parents ! -RRB- David Attenborough is his usual quirky self , appearing a few feet away from his subjects , and sometimes interacting with them . His confrontation with a territorial Scottish grouse is priceless . The birds themselves , aided by spectacular photography , are truly wonders . The shots of Lady Gould Finch and Zebra Finch nestlings ' mouths were astonishing , and I doubt that people who raise them as pets have seen this . There 's not too much nasty stuff here , although I know more now than I want to about coot parents and brown pelican siblings , and what we humans do to Diksissels in South America is heartbreaking . Kiwis to Kakapos , plovers to peacocks , they 're all here . If you are a bird lover , you will see a few familiar scenes -LRB- the million flamingos in the lake , the male emperor penguins incubating eggs on their feet -RRB- , so you find yourself watching for favorites ... will they show the amazing artistry of the Bowerbird ? Willwe see the Palm Cockatoo beating a log with a stick to declare his territory ? I expected to see California Condors as the final bit -LRB- the subject is conservation -RRB- but instead got a delightful scene with a human caretaker flying his ultralight plane with his flock of Whoopers and Sandhill Cranes . Give yourself -LRB- and your loved ones -RRB- a treat and buy this DVD !
 I first watched this incredible documentary on PBS , video recorder running every single time . Eventually I decided to get the book that accompanies the series . What an understatement ! -- the book is a definite stand-alone for those of you who prefer to read . So here is what I recommend to anybody who is even remotely interested in nature documentaries
 This 3 dvd set , comprising ten one hour programs on various aspects about birds -LRB- hunting , singing , mating , parenting , etc. -RRB- is utterly fascinating and informative . However , the most amazing thing about it is the incredible photography . A documentary should be made explaining how they filmed it ! Here we see views looking up from the bottom of a lake as a kingfisher dives into the water and snags a fish - amazing ! Birds in flight are filmed as thought you are flying along side them . There are also some rare species which were captured on film for the first time . A truly stunning documentary and very educational . I had only one minor complaint - there was very little information about common birds that you might find in your garden here in the U.S. , but that is a minor detail that can be overlooked .
 Sir David is his usual charming self in this beautifully made documentary . I ca n't see there ever being a better video series about birds , this truly is the penultimate expression of Attenborough 's love of nature . The cinematography is top-notch and there are no boring segments to be found . If you are at all interested in birds , whether casually or professionally , you owe it to yourself to watch these videos .
 Even though there were some things I thought were missed , and even though there was something in every program that mildly annoyed me . With nothing really comparable , I still believe this is worth the top rating , simply because of the labor of love David Attenborough put into it.What were those things I did n't like ? In `` Life of Birds '' , with 5 minutes to go in every program , David would introduce the next program , but then would resume with the current program . This , to me , breaks the rhythm of the narrative and is not consistent with the style used in `` Life of Mammals '' , where he would introduce the next program only at the very end of the current program . Maybe this difference in style also reflects the difference in time the two were created , `` Life of Birds '' seems to have been made much earlier , and it even shows in the inferior quality of some of the footage used . Each program in `` Birds '' also lasts 53 minutes , while those of `` Mammals '' last only 48 . Those extra five minutes ... I also think there was not enough attention given to other crucial parts of birds ' anatomy , like the unique respiratory system that allows them to cope with the oxygen demands of flight . Even the differences in `` white muscle '' of quail and red muscle of doves , for example , were not touched , and these would have given insight to why some birds are natural strong flyers while some are limited to short burts and spend their time mostly on the ground . Differences in talons and beaks , differences in wing shapes , IMO could have been better illustrated.And in both `` Birds '' and `` Mammals '' I really ca n't understand why David Attenborough would go great lengths to show the rarest of species while ignoring the obvious
 I once thought , `` Birds '' were for the Birds '' , THIS `` Life of Birds '' DVD set , is truly NOT for the `` Birds '' , BUT it is for ANY humanbeing that loves and requires the best -LRB- almost unbelievable -RRB- VISUAL experience possible.The only suggestion I offer , is to make sure you view this on the best `` State of the Art '' TV that you can afford -LRB- or borrow -RRB- and you WILL experience a visual experience like none other.It is a 3 disk set and it is about 3 hours of viewing of each disk . If you become affected -LRB- mesmerized -RRB- as I had been , you would probably want to keep this particular DVD set in a `` safedeposit box '' , so that you can add an amendment to your `` Will '' , bequeathing this particular DVD set to those that loved you the most.They may forget about you , but they will never forget the visual experience you have left them.May you have an long life and as long as you live and re-play this DVD set , your life will only be embellished.J.Levin
 I 'm only halfway through the 3 DVDs , but I must say that this documentary is absolutely incredible . So many amazing facts , amazing footage , and all with the great hosting voice and skills of David Attenborough . This is one of my highest recommendations for anyone interested in birds , nature , or just seeing how many amazingly beautiful places one team can go just to provide an incredible take on the world 's most beautiful creatures , birds .5 Stars , highly recommended.UPDATE
 This entire series is incredible . 5 minutes do not pass without my jaw dropping in disbelief ! It does n't get boring .
 This series originally aired on PBS television about ten years ago as a ten part series . I was unable to record the entire series , so I have always wanted to see it in its entirety . Since I love birds , this was a real treat for me to watch all of the programs on three DVDs . It is really a remarkable series , especially when you consider to what extent the producers went to film in unusual and often remote locations . The slow motion photography showing how birds fly is nothing short of amazing ! Considering that this series was filmed several years ago , I was impressed with the color , clarity , and sound of the DVD set . I am very pleased to finally own this wonderful program and will enjoy it for years to come .
 This was the best price I could find anywhere for a documentary on the life of birds ! Best presentation bar none !
 I ordered a used VHS version of The Life of Birds . I have thoroughly enjoyed it . The videography is stunning and the behaviors that have been captured are truly amazing and intriguing . I could not be happier .
 I received this last month . I had previously seen it on PBS late one night while I was up with my son . I loved it so much I ordered it . It is just amazing ... beautifully filmed ... it 's just a wonder how some of the species of birds do what they do to find a mate . . little dances , collect colored items , make a wonderous nest . I recommend this 100 % .
 My husband and I are great fans of David Attenborough 's nature documentaries and love this amazing series on birds . Unfortunately , I have to take one star off for the poor picture quality that does not do justice to the beauty of the birds and their natural surroundings . The colors are rather washed out giving it the appearance of a much older production -LRB- like the shows made in the 70s and 80s -RRB- . This is a pity as such an amazing production which has obviously been meticulously researched deserves better treatment.There are 10 episodes on 3 discs : Disc OneTo Fly or Not to FlyThe Mastery of FlightThe Insatiable AppetiteDisc TwoMeat-EatersFishing for a LivingSignals and SongsDisc ThreeFinding PartnersThe Demands of the EggThe Problems of ParenthoodThe Limits of EnduranceAspect ratio is 1.33:1 , in English with interactive menus and scene access . Fans of David Attenborough will want to own this set , but do take note of the inferior picture quality .
 My husband & I have enjoyed this production for years and gave it as a retirement gift last month to a friend.She called to say that she was enthralled by the beauty , not only of the birds , but of the natural scenery.David Attenborough is a treasure . His knowledge and succinct narrative brings the natural world to your living room . I would recommend this to all ages and lovers or would-be lovers of nature !
 We found this video to be outstanding in quality , both audio and video , and covers a very interesting diversity of birds . Well organized .
 We have had this dvd for over a year now and it is a staple in our house for our 17 month old son . We were impressed with the overall documentation and narrating of the dvd ... so not only is it enjoyed by us , adults , our toddler is captivated by it as well ! Birds have captivated him since he was born and when we ca n't figure out a way to soothe him -LRB- sick , teething , or who knows -RRB- - Life of Birds does ! David Attenborough is a great narrator to both the story and footage . We have also enjoyed Winged Migration .
 For anyone and everyone who has ever watched God 's great creations . The photography and the detail with which it is given to the viewer is breath taking . Wonderful vivid color , close ups so realistic you feel like you could reach out an touch these birds . I would n't have missed this DVD for anything . I am proud to own it and will watch it over and over and then share it with my Grandchildren . There will be many birds and their interactions with each other that my Grandchildren will never see except on this film . The narration is exceptional . LOVED , LOVED , LOVED IT !!!!!!
 This is an amazing look at birds and their many varied lives . David Attenborough gives an excellent narrative of the film .
 We watch it as a family and my 5 year old loves it . It 's educational programming that is fun and engaging .
 Loved it ! I wish for many more shows like this . I watch just about every show there is about birds .
 My wife is a biologist and loves nature . I bought this for her as a gift and she loved it . She has watched it multiple times . This documentary captures the beauty and amazing behavior of so many rare avian species . I recommend it for any bird/nature/animal lover .
 but the footage in this video exceeds even David Attenborough 's awesome standards ! Just watched it for the 4th time so far . Wow !
 I 'm new to `` Prime '' . Just watched this wonderful documentary -LRB- again -RRB- but I 'm deeply disappointed by the quality of Amazon 's streaming . The video quality is SO BAD that it took all the fun away .
 10 hours of great information and photography on birds and their life cycles . I recommend this to all bird and nature lovers .
 I love watching birds in my yard , so it was a no brainer to buy this set of 3 DVD 's . Who does n't love listening to David Attenborough narrate a DVD?The discs has spectacular video and excellent educational information.I am looking forward to sharing them with my grand kids when they are old enough to follow along .
 If you guys are like me , you will love this . You can get Planet Earth , Life of Mammal , Life of Birds and Blue planet for a serious discount !!! Check out this link below or search `` The BBC Natural History Collection `` http://www.amazon.com/Natural-History-Collection-featuring-Planet/dp/B001957A44/ref=sr_1_sc_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1327543257&sr;=8-2-spellSuch a great deal for such a great series of shows !!!!
 It would be unjust to give the Life of Birds less than 5 stars . Afterall , this is a review of the material , not the medium on which it 's delivered . But I ca n't seem to watch a single video from Amazon 's servers without frequent pauses , garbled/distorted playback and below average video quality . It 's hard to appreciate these regal creatures when you ca n't tell their beaks from the sky , their feathers from the water , etc.Poor streaming results in poorer video quality , and frequent pauses to retain more of the stream for playback . I do n't know what the problem is
 I have watched it over & over again , enthralled . I am not big on nature documentaries , but this has really reawakened my interest in the outdoors & living creatures . Life of Mammals is also excellent . The pacing is gentle yet interesting , the juxtaposition of the birds is stimulating . I have not gone birdwatching in about 10 years ; after viewing this , I have not only resumed birdwatching , but I have a more intuitive way of looking at & appreciating the birds , which has helped me identify birds more quickly and accurately.David Attenborough seems to revere the wildlife with such a refreshing perspective -- as if , despite all his expertise , he is still able to wonder at each action of each creature , and truly enjoy the small wonders of the world . His enthusiasm is inspiring & his presentation of the material is compelling .
 This is pure quality from someone you would expect . The BBC ca n't do anything wrong . Every birder , conservationist and environmentalist should have this package .
 This is my first of many reviews of David Attenborough 's fantastic wildlife documentaries . After checking out `` The Living Planet '' from the library I quickly found out more about his work , and this was the first I came across . Seeing as how , long before I watched this I already had an enormous interest in wildlife , I was very pleased to learn loads of new facts -LRB- a common occurrence in Attenborough 's programs -RRB- and even find out about species I had never heard of before!Some examples of this -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- were the Takahe , Kakapo and the extinct Moa -LRB- recreated with CGI , which is used for some other scenes too -RRB- . Even species I was very familiar with , such as the Toco Toucan would exhibit behavior that was completely new to me . In one scene two Toco Toucans rob eggs from a tube-like nest with their amazingly long beaks , and I had always thought they were strict fruit-eaters ! This series is just jam-packed with fascinating scenes like that . And , of course , I am still familiar with much of what is being presented , but that does not take anything away from the viewing experience at all . -LRB- if it did , what would be the point of repeat viewings ? -RRB- A plus to all this , is the presentation , the cinematography is incredible . -LRB- eagles flying towards the camera through trees , a king-fisher diving to catch a fish viewed from under-water -RRB- And of course David 's narration and on-screen presenting is very engaging , he 's very enthusiastic about the material he 's delivering.On another note , the music is great and really fits well with the programs , and I often find myself whistling the theme after watching it.There really is only one small complaint , which is the same as many others , that being the video transfer . It 's not as good as others in the `` Life of '' series but it is not too bad and you easily forget about it once you 've started watching it -LRB- due to how good the series is -RRB- . Most scenes still look very clear and sharp . Only occasionally does the picture get really fuzzy . Also , this is a widescreen program , and to be presented in fullscreen -LRB- coupled with a less than stellar transfer -RRB- is what made this miss the 5 star mark . This is truly a masterpiece of a documentary , so to see it not given the very best DVD presentation possible is a real shame.Still , this is definitely a great addition to anyone 's video library , and I highly recommend it !
 This is the BBC at its best . Further , it 's Attenborough at his best too . The quality of the production shines through . It 's luscious , rich , vibrant and makes this one of the best TV series of is type ever made.This magnificent series makes you gasp in wonder at the sheer splendour and variety of birds on our planet . The photography and editing are first-rate . Attenborough 's style is , as always , enthusiastic , knowledgable and supremely confident.This , like many of the great BBC natural world series is the sort of programming that makes the rest of the world envy British TV viewers .
 As Sir David Attenborough has acostumed us . Life of birds is just another must see in the history of documentaries . In this case maybe pictures are not as amazing as inPrivate life of Plants where motion was shown in a reign that looks still and quiet , discovering a new face of plants . Birds are pure movement and maneuverability , so what you can show to impress is amazing pictures of undiscovered behaviours or strange species bird-fans did n't know yet . That hidden species and features , and the usual charming style of Sir David Attenborough makes you stay stuck to you seat and grasps your interest since the very first minute .
 I have been watching this series on my local PBS station , and it 's become the absolute highlight of my week . Attenborough himself is avuncular , charming and witty , as well as incredibly knowledgeable . His camera crew go to extreme lengths to ensure top-notch photography.Don ' t miss the lyre-bird !
 This is the 6th entry in the David Attenborough Life series following The Private Lives of Plants . The groundbreaking first series Life on Earth was based on evolution and started with bacteria making its way up to modern humans over the course of 13 episodes . The Living Planet was 12 episodes long and dealt mainly with adaptation over a wide range of environments that also incorporated more Earth science along with the life science in terms of geology and environments . The Trials of Life was 12 episodes long and all about animal behaviour . Life in the freezer was 6 episodes long and specialized on the Antarctic . The Private life of Plants was another 6 episode series and focused entirely on botany.With Life in the Freezer and The Private Life of Plants Attenborough made a new move to specialize instead of following the 12-13 episode discipline that started with Clark 's Civilisations and Bronowski 's The Ascent of Man and birthed other great series like Sagan 's Cosmos , Attenborough now decides to detach from the shorter episode format of Freezer and Plants -LRB- an such as was in previous non-life series such as The Tribal Eye , The First Eden and Lost Worlds , Vanished Lives -RRB- and goes for a higher number of 10 instead of 6 instalments on another expert theme . Attenborough concentrates on one animal kingdom , the birds , and it 's a real wildlife bonanza with many moments to leave you speechless.While The Private Life of Plants was a somewhat still , though time-lapsed voyage , because they do n't move very far very quickly , the Life of Birds is on the opposite end of the spectrum with birds darting around frequently to the point where slow motion is needed to see what just happened for the ` blink and you miss it ' moments . In this series Attenborough maybe visits more places and countries than all his series put together . Some of it though was covered before in Life on Earth , but you still want to see it again . Since birds do a lot of singing sound is of primary importance as much as the visuals , maybe even more so . This show literally turns your living room into a nature park with its superb audio . There are some sequences involving domesticated birds that have been imprinted and they can perform on cue , so you get some amazing shots , like birds flying with the camera . There is some CGI done for birds that are now extinct.Major themes include when to fly and when not to fly , the mechanisms of flying , finding food , meat eating birds , fishing , bird signalling , finding mates , egg laying , parental care and endurance.Overall it 's an amazing production . Attenborough though is now 72 years of age and while he even appears swimming in some sequences , this is the series where his years are starting to show but its more than obvious that this is n't stopping him , not one little bit . The investigation and observations of birds is nothing short of stunning . This series also has one of Attenborough 's greatest moments . The Lyrebird that can mimic cameras , a car alarm and a chain saw . The final episode includes human intervention including some conservation efforts that are nothing short of gobsmacking . Attenborough rounds off by making a final call for bird preservation . Ornithology has never been so well documented .
 I use this movie at work . The three disc set has really interesting information on birds . My favorite is disc two when they talk about bird songs . Great clip of a Lyre bird !! I also bought this DVD set as a Christmas gift for a relative . She really loves birds .
 This is very worth the investment . We 'll watch it many times as the years roll by .
 My wife and I have a long and strong interest in birds , with two pet sparrows , other close bird associations , and hundreds of hours soaring with raptors , ravens , swifts , gulls , and pelicans , on our hang gliders and paragliders . Birds have been the main focus of Naomi 's artwork . So we expected to enjoy the series but maybe not find a lot of new or surprising information . Wrong ! Most of the content so far has been new to us , either species we had never heard of or at least a different angle on the ones we did know something about . After renting and watching half of the first DVD , we ordered the whole set . This will be one of the few that we will watch , and show to friends , over and over.I ca n't speak directly for people who think they have no interest in birds , but that should be no deterrent . If you have any interest in the world around you , watch this video.The videography is breathtaking ; narration is great ; pacing , story interest , and organization are nearly flawless . Factual , technical , or editing errors are few and trivial . As someone with a long interest and a lot of knowledge in aviation and aerodynamics , I can say that this program gets it right and gets it across in ways that intelligent lay people will grasp in ways that will give them a whole new way of seeing the world around them . I can only assume that the same level of care has been given to less familiar sub-topics . Getting specialized knowledge across to lay audiences without dumbing it down or losing accuracy is a rare and precious art
 I saw this amazing series on TV a few years ago . Because I am a teacher who is also an avid back yard birder , I felt this video set was absolutely neccessary for the teaching of birding skills.I was not disappointed . They loved it!Thanks for making it available at such a reasonable price .
 Excellent work ! Excellent Narration ! Excellent Picture Quality ! Five Mega Stars !!!
 An excellent series about the most divine beings that inhabit this planet ! Just get it !
 I was n't interested in birds when I recieved this series as a gift . But it is so remarkably well done that I 'd recommend it to anyone , bird lover or not.Attenborough 's talent is to present fairly detailed information in a very interesting fashion . He does n't fail us in this series ... the photography is remarkable as well.Perhaps the most remarkable footage is of a bird that does a convincing imitation of a camera shutter , a car alarm , and a chainsaw . You must see and hear to believe .
 Superb ! I 'll never look at birds the same way again . Incredible footage and , of course , intelligent and informative narration by David Attenborough .
 Well , this is one of the BEST of all , retrospectives . . IMHO . Attenborough and his camera-team have explored many aspects of the aviary world . . and the results are VERY-exceptional . THIS is a first-class type ... of examples of info/documentations . . of any sort .
 I bought this documentary for my husban and he really enjoyed . This is a good product . It contains 3 CDs and has a nice cover . The product is wonderful !!!!! The shipping was on time . Everything was like I saw on-line . I had what I was expecting and I am sure you will enjoy it too .
 This is an excellent example of David Attenborough 's work . His descriptions of many well known and exotic birds is not only interesting but truly amazing . He takes us into a world that we did n't know . I found The Life of Birds to be a unique look into nature as only David Attenborough can do .
 After buying ` Planet Earth ' and ` Life ' , this was my first choice for what to buy next . It is amazing , especialy for a bird lover like me . It 's nice to have Attenborough actually on the video . Some of the best parts include
 I got to watch this show for free as a perk of having Amazon Prime . Had I paid a couple dollars to rent it , I 'd have no regrets . The narration is wonderful and easy to listen to . Slow motion effects of hummingbirds , owls , falcons , and others is spectacular . The photography is first rate , so realistic that my bolognese started barking at a close up of an owl.Super show for bird lovers , nature fans , or families .
 David Attenborough has created an exceedingly meticulous , expansive work , and included a sense of humor , which the birds contribute to in their behavior . The variety of birds , their amazing behavior in the quest to survive , is breathtaking . Whoever did the camera work also needs to be congratulated . There were obviously hours and hours of work , both physically and in terms of research to produce this stunning footage . A magnificent gift for any child , or adult who retains the capacity to feel the awesome gift of divine nature .
 My hubby & I enjoyed watching this three disc dvd collection about the life of birds , which is narrated by David Attenborough.There are ten , roughly fifty-five minute segments , dedicated to specific topics regarding the life of birds around the world ... . Some of the topics include finding a mate , building nests and rearing young , to various bird calls/sounds , and the challenges birds face living in extreme environments are just some of the topics discussed.What is captured on film for us to view about the various birds around the world is quite amazing and fun to watch . I enjoyed learning a lot of new and interesting things about birds I never knew before .
 Just casting my positive vote to yet another of David Attenborough 's great documentaries.Highly recommended .
 I 'm not even a particular fan of bird , not a bird-watcher , if you will , but I loved this . The birds represented in this educational and entertaining video are true characters . Some are incredibly funny to watch . Others take my breath away with their beauty and grace . I am amazed and I am now a bird fan and watcher , and I have ordered several bird books to begin my new hobby . Also plan to pick up my camera again to try to get some shots . This has been both fun and inspirational .
 If you 've never seen anything by Attenborough , you really have something wonderful to look forward to . Like with all his shows , you 'll see things you 've never seen before , things you 've seen but have not understood before , and things you would never imagine existed in nature . Everyone alive should see these shows . And then go outside .
 I 've just watched the first show of the series and found it to be the most interesting wildlife documentary I 'd seen in years . The photography is topnotch , the species are particularly fascinating , and Sir David Attenborough is his usual charming self .
 It is the best nature documentary I have ever seen . I have never before witnessed such amazing animal behavior and I was raised on public telivision .
 ... or dvd compression , or whatever.Beyond the rather grainy/fuzzy look to a lot of the episodes , this is David Attenborough 's opus to his favorite animals , the birds . Well , I ca n't be sure they are his favorite animals , but it would seem that way from his treatment of them in this and several of the other ` Life ' series.OK , perhaps a second complaint might be that we 've seen a little of this before with ` Trials of Life ' , but unlike ` Life of Mammals ' that alternatively feels too recycled or stretching too hard to find the weirdest thing we 've never seen -LRB- IE the Golden Mole -RRB- , ` Birds ' gets right down to its lessons in Ornithology.Not that it 's anywhere near as brainy as Life on Earth -- I 'm pretty sure nature lovers of any age will dig it -- but it does n't go for flash the way ` Blue Planet ' -LRB- admittedly only narrated by Attenborough -RRB- or ` Mammals ' does . Common species do the job of telling the story Attenborough has for us just as well as the species from the ` wind-swept plains of patagonia ' . With the stylistic flourish paired down , Attenborough 's love and enthusiasm for avians shines through and we get something that all the special infra-red cameras and weird post-editing could n't accomplish . Ultimately , ` Life of Birds ' is both informative and enduring , while Attenborough 's continued arguments for conservation and preservation of species will fall silent on only the most unfeeling viewers . If Attenborough 's goal was to establish a sense of marvel toward a group of animals we often take for granted , he has accomplished this and perhaps a little more.A strong series that stands alone or works well in conjunction with many of Attenborough 's other works . Recommended !
 Spectacular shots of soaring birds and Attenborough 's typically excellent explanations -- thought provoking and informative but not over shadowing the images -- make up this series . I learned , and continue to learn , so much from it . And if I do n't feel like listening , I gaze at the images that are almost spiritual in their depiction of the beauty of nature ... The scene of the large eagles battling in the air and getting their talons locked in a detah grip is astounding -- brutal and beautiful .
 This series is probably my favorite nature series ever made . The stunning close-up photography of so many exotic -LRB- and not so exotic -RRB- birds is fun and fascinating to watch as they go about their behaviors . Sir David 's narration is , as in all his programs , charming and unintrusive . I reviewed the VHS release of this series a couple of years ago and was so happy when they annouced its release on DVD because of the usual improvements in transfer and audio quality . Whoever did the job should be ashamed of themselves because in some places the video is so grainy -LRB- check episode six -RRB- that it literally looks like some compressed MPEG or AVI file downloaded from the internet . In other areas it is less noticeable , but still no better than the VHS tapes . The audio sounds OK , but again it 's not noticeably better . Other than the permanence of having it on DVD compared to VHS , I was very disappointed .
 Having watched several bird videos lately -LRB- the dramatic documentaries March of the Penguins , Winged Migration , and Pale Male , as well as the fictionalized Fly Away Home -RRB- , and having recently become aware of the variety of birds in our neighborhood , I finally got around to watching David Attenborough 's excellent Life of Birds . As entertaining as all the other videos were , Life of Birds is by far the best of the flock.As you begin to watch the series , it is n't long before you appreciate the amazing camera work , as well as the amount of patience involved in waiting for just the right shot . And with the amount of film that was shot , editing must have been a monumental chore as well . But what an incredible result . You get so close to the birds , and observe so intimately their behavior , that you may begin to grow pinfeathers.I had never seen David Attenborough before watching Life of the Birds , though I was aware of his reputation . For the first episode or two , I thought he was a bit quirky , bouncing around as he talked , wearing funny hats in cold weather , popping up in every corner of the earth to catch birds in their native habitats . His enthusiasm is infectious , and it 's fun to see him occasionally interacting with the birds - in one scene he actually helps steady a bird who loses its footing while running up a tree . He lounges among huge flocks of birds and the birds walk up to him as if to say `` No need to worry , it 's only David Attenborough . '' But Attenborough would not approve of anthropomorphizing the birds . He knows his science , and by the end of the ten-part series , you will too.There are no extras on this three-disc set . However , in one of the later episodes there is a short section about the filming of the series . One cameraman spends all night in a precarious treehouse so that he can film his subjects at sunrise . There is a storm and lightning breaks off one of the brances of the tree the camerman is perched in , but fortunately not the critical branch . The shots he got in the morning were spectacular .
 If you love birds , nature , or nature photography , this DVD series will do nothing less than overwhelm you with great narrative , truly consuming photography -LRB- not to mention the sound editing is awesome -RRB- and troves full of information . My wife and I have thoroughly enjoyed Sir Attenborough 's magnificent telling of the ` Life of Birds ' and are actually looking forward to watching the entire series again and again . Even if you are an avid birder , you are sure to discover new species , new habitats , and new facts about bird behaviors that you were n't aware of before . One of the most rewarding things about these stories are that you may find yourself wondering out-loud , `` How did they find out about that ??? '' over-and-over , as we did , to find that they actually take the time to answer those questions at the end of the episode . I 'm only here to give credit where it 's due , in my humble opinion , and to order 2 more copies as gifts .
 Let 's get it out of the way
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband , a knowledgeable birder . I had not intended to watch , but from the beginning it was riveting , fascinating , and very thorough in its explanations and observations . The photography is stunning . I did n't expect to like , or even watch , this dvd , but I am very glad I did . I highly recommend it .
 The best teacher is not the person who knows the most , but the person who can pass on the information . David Attenborough has no equal . As he travels the world climbing trees and cliffs or crawling into holes in the ground , he takes us along to discover answers to questions about birds you had n't even thought to ask . A must see for everyone .
 This is 580 minutes of spectacular footage and riveting narrative . Sir David Attenborough is the supreme nature narrator and the BBC filmmakers are simply brilliant . I could n't pull myself away from the screen . To see , up close and in perfect imagery , both the usual and the unusual life of birds , to see the vast range of species , habitats and habits ... priceless . Bird behaviour is fascinating , even more fascinating than you can imagine prior to viewing this series.What an amazing world we live in and what a superb job these folks have done to bring us so close to the avian part of God 's creation . Do n't miss it ! You 'll want to watch them over and over .
 I am totally fasinated by these DVD 's ... David Attenborough is amazing !! I dont know how he does what he does ... or how he gets the pieces ... but the birds are beautiful ... and I found all the information about them sooo interesting . This is truly something one could see over and over again ... It is so very well done.Linn Blakeney
 Very informative but like of enough actions like those in the Life of Mammals and The Blue Planet . Compare to the other two , this series seems boring . May be it 's the nature of Birds .
 I really want to buy this wonderful series for my brother for Christmas , but am wondering if it 's coming out in DVD .
 The Life of Birds could be much more amazing if he talked about fifty percent less . I really wanted to be able to hear the bird sounds more than listen to him describe the trials and tribulations involved in getting the video cameras set up just so , and on and on . Birders who ca n't travel want bird videos to have more bird sounds than people sounds.I was put off a bit by his incessant chatter , but the birds are astounding !
 While this video has stunning photography , it also obviously tries to make a point regarding human interference with wild life habitat , and the devastating effects that can have . Some scenes simply were not suitable for my kids to watch -LRB- such as birds dying/drowning in oil sludge . -RRB- I would have appreciated some sort of warning ahead of time with that regard . While that is a part of life , I think it appropriate to wait until the kids are a bit older -LRB- 9 or 10 or so -RRB- to view it . Otherwise , for teh most part , it was a beautiful video showing many kinds of birds .
 Product as described . Original , not a copy . Well packaged . Arrrived promptly . Would use seller again .
 The Life of Birds is actually very good ! Although we do not like the evolution aspect of it , it was very inlightening , with wonderful color and action . We will be watching it over and over again !
 This is one of the most informative and beautiful DVD , every Man , women and child should see itBarbara
 My husband and I found ourselves drawn into the sights and sounds of the Life of Birds each week . Our only regret was we did not catch all the episodes so we bought the tapes as a gift for our parents which we intend to borrow ! The photography is top notch and the information reveals a side of our feathered friends we never appreciated before . You will never look at birds the same way again !
 This is just as good any documentary on single subjects and can give Blue Planet a run for its money.From the beginning , it is fascinating with both extraordinary graphics and amazing insight as to the life of birds . Even though it comes on multiple disks , you will be left wanting for more . Naturally , one of the mod important elements in this production is David Attenborough with his intriguing presentation stile and pacing.The only downside is that this documentary suffers from `` yum yum eate 'm up syndrome . '' The depiction of something being eaten is proportionally over emphasized ; this distracts from the rest of the film.The Living Planet - A Portrait of the Earth
 If you enjoy animals ... BBC , Discovery , or Animal Planet this is your cup of tea !! This collection is very educational and extremely interesting ! My kids love it !
 If you want to see the reality , beauty , and mysteries of birds this is the defining documentary . Sir David has , once again , outdone himself ! A truely ` must see ' .
 This is a pretty amazing series . While of great interest to bird-watchers and people who enjoy the natural world - it 's photography is compelling enough to keep even the casual viewer engaged - and learning something at the same time .
 This was purchased as a gift and was greatly appreciated . It is always exciting to give something that can be enjoyed by the whole family over and over .
 My kids love this series , watching some episodes multiple times . The content is very interesting , and the superb narration by Sir David Attenborough makes it all the more enjoyable .
 This is an amazing look at birds and their many varied lives . David Attenborough gives an excellent narrative of the film .
 I am totally fasinated by these DVD 's ... David Attenborough is amazing !! I dont know how he does what he does ... or how he gets the pieces ... but the birds are beautiful ... and I found all the information about them sooo interesting . This is truly something one could see over and over again ... It is so very well done.Linn Blakeney
 After much confusion and advice from Amazon that this was only volume 1 in a series -LRB- resulting in unsuccessful attempts to cancel my order -RRB- , the set arrived & to my delight I found 3 discs containing the whole series . This documentary series is amazing , & well worth the price !!
 David Attenborough simply makes the best nature documentaries available today . His style is thorough , witty , knowledgeable and avuncular ; watching his work one feels as if one is being gently instructed by a kindly and brilliant long lost relative , eager to impart his understanding of and wonder with the world to those who will follow him.The Life of Birds is a truly excellent series , with extremely high production values , solid editing and a wide array of obscure trivia and arcana to interest the veteran avian enthusiast as much as the neophyte naturalist.I have never personally had any particular affinity to or affection for birds before viewing this series ; I honestly picked it up to have more Attenborough to enjoy after burning through The Life of Mammals and The Blue Planet over the course of a few weeks . Despite my initial disinclination for the subject matter , I found the documentaries to be exceedingly engaging , so much so that within weeks I found myself and my somewhat surprised S.O. hiking around a nearby nature reserve searching for various indigenous species of marsh birds.However , the subject matter , however fascinating , is tested to it 's limits of interest by the sheer size of the series . I hesitate to accuse Attenborough , but I feel that the subject matter could frankly have been handled in less episodes than are present in the series , or perhaps in shorter episodes . Upon reflection , however , I can not think of any extraneous episodes or segments ; rather , after the huge diversities of species covered in the tantalizing Life of Mammals and Blue Planet , I suspect the focus on the more subtly diverse avian kingdom was simply too narrow for my wandering and fickle tastes.In all , however , The Life of Birds is truly an excellent series , and I would recommend it unhesitatingly to anyone interested in increasing their own knowledge of the manifold wonders nature . While I have no real personal sense of what is or is not appropriate viewing for young children , one of my co-workers to whom I have lent several of the discs of the series tells me that his two pre-teen daughters enjoy the series very much.I would , however , suggest to those without experience of Attenborough 's works that they begin with The Life of Mammals , probably my favorite of all his series .
 This is undoubtedly a fantastic series , especially for any bird lovers . Please be aware though , that the picture quality is poor . The images are often grainy and the colour can seem washed out . Still worth owning , but it is a very noticable drawback .
 When I found out that BBC did a 10 hour special on birds , I flipped . When I got through only the first hour of material I can honestlt say that I did not expect such a thurough , involved , wonderful job to be done ! WOW , go for it.The only thing is that not great is the case and packaging for it is not as good as `` Life with Mammals . '' Too bad there is n't a six star rating . If you love birds you will learn a lot from this set .
 Not for bird lovers only . This is a wildlife video that instructs , captivates , and often makes you laugh out loud . You can force this on a disinterested party and they will soon be completely addicted to the series .
 You ca n't go wrong with this triumphant masterpiece about our feathered friends . Heady , excellent camera work , superb and smart narration . There 's really not much to add and nothing at all to criticize . Rent or buy it . Now . For your spirit will kick itself if it departs this world without watching this wonderful show . But the price is dear . So I recommend renting from net flicks or block bust .
 I just love DA , so you 're hearing from a fan here . I thoroughly enjoyed The Life of Birds . As I had hoped , this is a fascinating , beautiful introduction to one branch of life , and I was riveted to every moment of it.I deducted one star simply because the quality of the picture was not great . I know that this was produced a while ago , and that is probably why . I had grown accustomed to `` Planet Earth '' and it 's spectacular picture . I put this dvd into my computer with its new monitor just to make sure it was n't my old tv that was the problem , and even there everything looked a little dull , fuzzy , and grainy . Oh well , I guess that 's just the way progress goes ! It sure does make it obvious when something was filmed a few years back.Nevertheless , this is a wonderful series and I highly recommend it .
 Fantastic ! This is one of the most informative , entertaining and professional set of nature videos I 've ever watched ! If only prime time were this good . If you 're into birds , buy these videos !
 I watched this DVD set when I checked it out from the library where I work as a librarian . I found it so fascinating that I bought the set , knowing that I will watch it many times . The set is so chock full of information that you ca n't possibly absorb it all at once . David Attenborough is an absolute master of this type of educational documentary . I highly recommend watching this set , even if you just borrow it from your local public library !
 `` The Scout '' is one of those movies that leaves you with a warm feeling in your soul after the video has been turned off . It is the story of a man who finds a friend and triumphs over his fears.Al Percolo is a New York Yankees scout who is experiencing the worst luck of his life . When his boss sends him to Mexico on a grudge trip , Al discovers `` the greatest ballplayer that ever lived ''
 I like everything about this movie . It 's got comedy , it 's got drama , and it 's something you can watch with your girlfriend 's family without getting embarrassed . I love baseball movies and this is one of my favorites . A lot of celebrity cameos , too
 This movie is a delightful surprise , from Albert Brooks , to Brendan Frasier , to Dianne Wiest 's great turn as a psychologist . I was laughing out loud by myself , always a sign of a great movie to me .
 It starts out almost as a comedy but it turns dramatic halfway through.Definitely not on my top ten baseball movie lists but it is worth watching at least once.Brandon Frasier does a great job as does Albert brooks . Just seems like they switched writers in the middle of the show .
 This is a great movie for the whole family , cute and funny . Brendan fraser is absolutely adorable in this role . Definately one of my favorites !
 You do n't have to love either Brendan Fraser or Baseball to love this movie ! I should know , because I hate baseball , but love Brendan Fraser , and I may just be a tad bit prejudiced when it comes to him.Although the scout is about Baseball , there is n't much involving the sport except for short blips of Albert Brook looking for his ` King Kong ' , and the ending sequince when Brendan shows us that he truly is the king of the field . Albert Brook is hilarous as the scout who is hunting for other new protege 's for the Yankee 's , and Brendan is the young man who he happens to find . In mexico that is . Why he 's in Mexico , and how he got there is never really explained . That and if the shrink is really his mom , or just a really concerned lady . Yeah , the story has its holes , but the comedy more than makes up for it.I wo n't say anymore , more is less , and in this case its better just to see this movie than hear me explain it.Let the game begin !
 Was great in Mexico but was not very good in new york though the baseball game stunk
 It was a great kids movie . Bought for my 12 yr old son who has watched it several times already .
 have you ever noticed that Brendan Fraser is always acting as an idiot ? for example
 This film was better than I expected . When I saw Albert Brooks in it I expected to see his usual self absorbed , neurotic , west coast Woddy Allen trip . No so . When I looked at the credits I noticed that for the first time -LRB- in recent memory -RRB- Brooks did n't write , direct , produce , in short forgo his usual Jerry Lewis routine of running the whole show . And in doing so he -LRB- excuse the pun here -RRB- hit 's a home run ! He 's just great as baseball scout Al Percole who after failing to bring a winner to the Yankees is relegated to the Chili circuit as `` punishment '' from the Yankee general manager played wonderfully by Lane Smith . But instead of coming up with heartburn from eating the very questionable food -LRB- we see people down there chewing on animal legs at games -RRB- he discovers Steve Nebraska the greatest ball player since Babe Ruth played oustandingly by Brendan Fraser . Fraser matches Brooks laugh for laugh and in doing so the two make this a very entertaining movie . Not an easy thing to do considering there is not one love interest in either man 's life . The movie rests squarely on the `` buddy '' formula which works very well here . In fact it 's more of a father son relationship instead of a bonding buddy movie . So if you like quirky comedy 's with the added benefit of a sports theme you 're sure to like this one . So run out and rent ... no better make that buy The Scout . I 'm sure you 're going to want to `` catch '' this one again and again !
 Albert Brooks fans will not be disappointed with this one . The irony of it all , which is the classic style of Brooks , is told in a story about a baseball scout -LRB- Brooks -RRB- down on his luck and banished to Mexico where he finds the ultimate free agent Steve Nebraska -LRB- Frasier -RRB- . One catch - Nebraska is n't all there upstairs . Brooks goes all out to make the impossible possible and learns a greater lessen in the end that the best interest of others is n't served when our own interests are involved . Witty , funny and touching . Classic Brooks !
 Bought as a requested gift for a friend 's sister living in Brisbane , Australia -LRB- down-under , not the Govenator 's homeland -RRB- . She wanted the movie and it was obscenely expensive in Oz , cheap on Amazon .
 How does anyone cope with a situation that 's almost intolerable ? In young Albert 's -LRB- Osment -RRB- case , he invents an imaginary friend `` Bogus '' -LRB- Depardieu -RRB- when his Mom dies and he 's forced to move from familiar Las Vegas to New Jersey with a Godmother , Harriet , -LRB- Goldberg -RRB- that he 's never met before.But , Bogus is n't just a figment of Albert 's imagination . He 's a just a part of the magic that connects us all . `` Bogus '' is a film that both parents and kids can enjoy . It 's warm , funny , and worthwhile . I think Osment and Depardieu have to be one of the best acting teams ever . Whoopi Goldberg is always a delight .
 I think Bogus is a great movie . I never saw it in the theater because I did n't like the title and I think obviously a lot of other people felt the same way I did about the title and did n't go see it for that , too . Albert -LRB- Haley Joel Osment -RRB- has to go live with his godmother , Harriet -LRB- Whoppi -RRB- , that no one knew existed until Albert 's mom was killed in a car accident . At first , Harriet does n't like the idea of him coming to live with her and what seems to bother her most is that he is white and she 's black . His mom 's death was very sad for him and then going to live with some stranger in New York probably made everything worse . So Albert ends up metting an imaginary friend , Bogus , that no one can see but him . Even though I dont like the title , the movie makes up for it and everyone should go see it cause it is a great movie !
 Although not many people have seen it , Bogus is an absolutely wonderful movie . It stars Haley Joel Osment -LRB- The Sixth Sense -RRB- as Albert , a boy who is forced to live with his godmother Harriet -LRB- Whoopi Golberg -RRB- after his mom dies . Along the way , he invents an invisible friend -LRB- Gerard Depardieu , The Man In the Iron Mask -RRB- named Bogus , and the film is basically about Albert and Harriet learning to love each other with the help of Bogus . Filled with subtle humor and superior acting by Osment , I highly recommend this film to anyone with an imagination.A great family film , completely deserves 5 stars .
 Bogus is a movie that makes you feel that every child deserves to be loved and cared for . The actor Haley Osment is the real soul of this movie . He acts so well that he is the best actor to be casted on this movie . Recommended and highly rated by most of our community here !
 this movie is wonderfull . I think alot of people are noticing it now because of haley sixth sense succecess . this movie is great family film . it is bacsilly aboutn a kid whos mother dies . he goes to live with goldberg at frist the dont like each other . he invets a imagnary freind named bogus to help him cope.i love this whole movie .
 BOGUS is a movie about a young orphan boy -LRB- Haley Joel Osment -RRB- who is reluctantly acquired by a career-minded temporary mother -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg -RRB- . In his loneliness Osment invents an imaginary friend -LRB- Gerard Depardieu -RRB- . The film is dominated by the interplay between these three characters and the result is very satisfying . The director is Norman Jewison who directed many other movies including IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT and JESUS CHRIST , SUPERSTAR .
 this item is exactly what it was described as . works fine and i am very happy with itthankskirsty
 This seller was prompt with the movie , Bogus , in getting it to our home when scheduled . My grandchldren loved the movie and will watch it many more times before it is shelved . Thannk you .
 I love Whoopi Goldberg . Haley Joel Osment is adorable , and Gerard Depardieu is a charming Frenchman . How could this movie lose?Albert -LRB- Osment -RRB- is left without family when his mother is killed in a car accident in Las Vegas . He had plenty of friends in the circus -LRB- du Soliel , I think -RRB- , but no family at all . But in his mother 's will , she named her foster sister and best friend from her childhood , Harriet -LRB- Whoopi -RRB- as Albert 's godmother and guardian . Harriet had not seen her in years , did n't even know she had a son , and as she put it , did n't have a motherly bone in her body.So who is Bogus ? He was originally a drawing in the coloring book the stewardess gave Albert during the flight from Las Vegas to Newark , New Jersey , where Harriet lived . Once Albert drew him a mouth , he started to talk to him . When his seat-mates -LRB- both adults -RRB- asked him who he was talking to , he said `` nobody , '' and took his coloring book with him to the restroom . There he started crying because he missed his mother so much , and Bogus called to him in a muffled voice from the pages of the coloring book . Finally he asked to come out , and turned out to be a tall Frenchman who became Albert 's best friend . Only problem was , nobody could see him or hear him but Albert.Or can they?The individual incidents in the story are not all that big , except from the perspective of a little boy , but they add up to a very touching story which oddly combines fantasy and reality in such a way as to be really quite consistent and believable . In fact , at one point the babysitter falls asleep in front of a TV that is playing `` Harvey , '' thus giving us all a reference point for the thread of the story . Harvey was sort of real , too.I 'd call Bogus a guardian angel , except that he never has wings and is not at all pious . He 's quite playful , although he does warn Albert when what he 's doing is a `` very bad idea . `` Have a box of tissues handy , although the laughs are more frequent than the tears .
 I loved this movie when I was little and would anxiously check the TVGuide for it every week . Now I can watch it whenever I want : - -RRB-
 The first time I knew this movie existed , I found it movie in the DVD section at my local library . I never heard about it ... never saw a trailer anywhere ... never saw or read any reviews about it anywhere . So I borrowed it because Haley Joel Osment was in it , whom I think is a wonderful child actor . What an absolutley delightful and beautifully crafted movie this is . Others before told you of the plot . I will just say this
 This movie is well written and performed . Very insightful into the thinking of children and adults . Wonderfully funny and very entertaining . Great casting of Whoopi , Gerard Depardieu and Haley Joel Osment -LRB- who will steel your heart -RRB- . I can not imagine this movie with anyone of these actors not in those parts . THEY ARE PERFECT .
 Whoopie !! Need anyone say more ? No matter what she does , it is done with taste and humor . Even when the language gets a little blue , I have to ignor it and enjoy her acting ability . I am in the process of finding all of her many movies on Amazon , and ordering them one or two at a time . Many thanks for having one of the lesser known ones-Bogus-I have been searching for it for years . It really touches your heart and fills you with laughter . Yours as usual , Patricia A. Adams
 Why do some of you think Whoopi 's character did n't like the boy because he was white ? I 'm pretty sure his mom was white and she and Whoopi were friends!This is such a cute movie . I just love the little boy and the way he acts .
 OK , here 's the movie in a nutshell . Albert lives in Vegas with his mom , who dies in a car accident . Albert has to go to New Jersey to live with a friend of his mom 's who has n't seen her in 15 years . This friend is one of those child-free people and likes it that way . While on the plane , Depardieu -LRB- Bogus -RRB- appears as an imaginary friend who keeps Albert company while he copes with all of this.Without spoiling the rest of it , let me say that Haley Osment and Gerard Depardieu complemented each other as actors to an astounding degree . It was as if they had been acting together for decades - a bit like watching Jack Lemmon/Walter Matthau . The fantasy scenes , particularly the one where Bogus serves Albert ice cream in an imaginary ice cream shop , make this movie particularly worth watching . I 'm surprised it has taken this long to put Bogus on DVD .
 And do you think Leonard Maltin has any sort of fun whatsoever ? This movie is lift-hearted , cute and a real feel good . If you can admire resilience in small children , see it .
 lol it 's funny I was trying to figured out what the movie was called when the invisible friend slides under a women and says `` eeuu cob webs '' ... lol wierd thata that movie comes out on DVD just as I try to remember it and finally found it . I loved the movie . not a big fan off Woopi but the boy and the friend are great
 Anyone who loved Haley Joel Osment in all his other roles will definitely love him in this ! He 's a little boy who loses his mother and ends up going to stay with his Godmother , Whoopie Goldberg , who normally is one of my Favorite Actress 's , but in this movie I thought she was pretty cold hearted . Who could not love such a Sweet Little Boy . But thanks to Bogus , Gerard Depardieu , he changes her around to appreciate and love this wonderful and amazing boy . This is a movie that warms your heart , and makes you want to go and give your own children lots of love , or anyone else 's . Haley Joel Osment once again gives a 5 Star Performance .
 I agree with the viewer from Marshfield ; `` Bogus '' is a terrific family film with good performances . This is a film that `` respects '' the audience and does n't talk down to them . It is funny , intelligent , and touching . Director Norman Jewison -LRB- Moonstruck , Fiddler on the Roof -RRB- does it again . Highly recommended .
 says Whoopi did n't want the kid because he was white is a moron . Race had nothing to do with it , you complete cretin . She did n't want him because she did n't know how to deal with kids.That being corrected , this film has its heavy-handed , corny and hammy moments , but it 's truly touching and charming overall . Worth watching and yes , you probably will shed a tear or two , despite telling yourself you wo n't .
 Well , though having watched Milla Jovovich as the new `` Joan of Arc '' in Luc Besson ` s film a few weeks ago -LRB- although it is very good -RRB- no other treatment of the story comes as close as this 1916 masterpiece , which stands up as one of the first true epics in cinema history . You may wonder about the melodramatic storyline and the propaganda input into the movie when glorifying Joan of Arc as the saviour of France even 600 years later from the German enemy , but these scenes are more than made up by the typical DeMille treatment , involving grand scale battle scenes , beautiful sets for the time , a great performance by opera diva Geraldine Farrar -LRB- very holy -RRB- and a rousing organ score which will certainly haunt you even after seeing the movie . A movie that certainly rivaled `` Intolerance '' for the title of the greatest movie in the 1910 ` s. And a scene you certainly wo n`t forget is the moving climax when Joan is burned as a saint ... shot in an unbelievable beautiful done hand-colored scene that shows everyone the almost magical power of the silent screen . Certainly one of Cecil DeMille ` s best films , even in this early stage of his career .
 This 1916 production is DeMille 's first big spectacle picture and lays the groundwork for his most famous work in later decades , and it already has many of the DeMille hallmarks
 Monique was funny and a tad raunchy as usual . But this video was different because it featured the touching stories of women incarcerated for various reasons giving a human face to women who have basically been thrown away by society .
 I have always dug Mo'Nique because she just does her thing . this was a very creative move on her part that will remind some of Johnny cash going to Folsom Prison and other Entertainers who have performed at Prisons . but Mo'Nique gives this Performance a Comic spin along with also touching on the Human side of it which is often forgotten . she acknowledges the Warden , the victims and also the Prisoneers who are in Lock down . the Women of this Ohio Prison truly connected and Bonded with Mo'Nique . it was very touching when the One Woman came up near the end of the show to perform that Gospel Number . that was very touching . Mo'Nique talks real on this .
 I am not a prude , but I could not completely enjoy Mo'Nique `` I coulda Been Your Cellmate . '' Although the show was funny , it was very raunchy . It was great that Mo'Nique performed for women in prison . Mo ` nique seems to genuinely care about the women . She advised them to be more cordial to each other , and to stay out when they get out.It was a great moment when one inmate sang ; such a beautiful voice .
 I think Monique did a good job on this DVD . People making time are forgotten about sometimes , but they need a laugh just just like everyone else does when they have been on good behavior . My favorite part was the woman that came and did a gospel solo , and she tore it up . I cried and cried and cried everytime I listened to her . She has a wonderful voice and they never did say how much time this young lady has , but I hope that she was able to get out and pursue her gift .
 I enjoyed this comedy routine . I ordered it assuming it was a movie . It 's like an A&E special with comedy .
 If you want to laugh get itIf you have not seen it it could provide some fun entertainment for the nightSent in condition exactly as seller stated and sent very quickly I would order from them again thank you
 Mo ` nique says many times throughout that she could have easily been their cellmate , and I think it 's something most of us can say we 've experienced if we get angry enough . She picks one of the toughest women 's prisons in the nation , and she sets out with two goals . At first you think the first goal is to make them laugh , and us when we view it . In fact , most of us certainly bought the thing not because of the prison factor , but because Mo ` nique cracks us up . But by the end , it 's become so much more . A great deal of these women killed out of anger at betrayal or heartbreak . Many more because they were abused and wanted out . Some are hardcore criminals , and other 's just repeat offenders ... But what Mo ` nique wants us all to realize is that they are still people , and they still matter . I come from a home with physical abuse , severe even . On the final night , after 11 years , when my mom had finally had enough , she broke my dad 's arm and busted his face with a hammer . Had he died , she 's have been right in the same situation as MANY of these women , who just took their rage at being repeatedly beaten that one step too far ... Yes , this video will move you , and we 'll see Mo ` nique big heart to go right along with her big sense of humor and beauty . Honestly though , the show stopper was when one of the toughest girls in the prison gets up onstage and sings , and took my breath away . And as she and Mo ` nique talked , tears poured down this truly hardcore criminal 's face , and they poured down Mo ` nique 's , and they poured down mine ... And I came away with a little more understanding , and I called a cousin of mine who 'd been in prison off and on for drugs , just so she could know that someone still cares ... If you love Mo ` nique , then you will love this special . It will make you laugh outroariously like all of Mo ` nique 's humor , but it will also show you a side of things that none of probably ever even stop to think about ... It 's true , what they say ... criminals , whatever the flavor , get thrown away by society . Laugh , cry , and come away with a new point of view . And really , is there any better compliment about how great this special is ? You wo n't be disappointed.Thanks so much for your time folks.Sincerely , R.A. McDowell
 what I did not expect from this show was as to how very insightful it was on women 's prison and their inmates and how they cope with their lives as they serve their time . Mo'Nique very cleverly throws in a mini documentary throwing light on the background of a few of the inmates and the prison guards and their coexistence . Mo'Nique is bold , honest and most of all extremely funny . A beautiful comedienne who should bask in all her fame and glory .
 Monique is great as always ! I loved her though in Phat Girlz best though ! She really shined in that movie !!!
 wow ! this is some funny stuff ! she 's super funny and this dvd actually brings a message of inspiration !
 I WOULD JUST LIKE TO SAY THAT I AM SO GLAD THAT I ORDERED THIS VIDEO FROM THE VERY VERY BEST AMAZON . IT 'S ALWAYS RIGHT ON TIME . AND I WOULD NEVER ORDER FROM ANYONE ANY WHERE ELSE AGAIN . THANK-YOU AMAZON .
 Taking her stand-up routine to the `` big house '' - Mo ` nique performs at a women 's prison . The DVD features extra footage of her interaction with the inmates . Many of these ladies are serving life sentences , so prison IS their life & they must make the best of it . From the stage , utilizing her signature style , she encourages these women to stop fighting amongst themselves . For those who will be returning to society , Mo ` nique incorporates a strong message to these ladies about `` keeping your chin up , being beautiful & never returning to prison . `` If the `` b '' offends you - I will tell you this DVD is not for you . As it 's use is second only to breathing throughout the routine . Nevertheless , this is a powerful performance . Mo ` nique displays more compassion than ever before . When one of the inmates shares the stage & sings , make sure you have a Kleenex handy.In short , if you enjoy stand-up comedy - performed with style - Mo ` nique never disappoints . This DVD goes one step further - relating the importance of friendship , self respect and so much more .
 LMAO ! all the way thru Mo ` nique never fails to deliver . If you do n't have it get it !
 Very Very Very funny ; classic Monique at her best . This comedy/docuentary of these incarcerated women was as touching as Monique was hilarious .
 THIS DVD IS SO FUNNY & OFF THE HOOK !! I FIRST SAW IT ON A CABLE TV SPECIAL AND I COULD NOT WAIT UNTIL IT BECAME AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE !! MO ' NIQUE IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST COMEDIAN/ACTRESSES IN THE BUSINESS AND I LOVE EVERYTHING SHE HAS BEEN IN , MOVIES AND COMEDY SPECIALS AND EVEN HER `` PHAT CHANCE '' REALITY TV SHOW !! I LOVE MO ' NIQUE AND HER WORK !! KEEP IT UP GIRLFRIEND !! CECELIA P.LOS ANGELES , CA .
 Item arrived in a timely manner . The look of the product was as described . The DVD itself was in perfect condition .
 Very interesting low budget Spanish psychological Sci-Fi film , with a quirky sense of humor.It has holes and weak spots , but I admire its aiming high , and using its tiny budget to the fullest.In terms of genre , this has more in common with ` Man Who Fell To Earth ' and ` Solaris ' than ` Star Wars ' . It 's abouta shlub sci-fi geek , who may have found a metaphysical portal to another world , or may just be losing his mind.Full of interesting images and music , at times it gets too cute or clever for it 's own good , at other times it drags , and the acting is occasionally uneven , but it 's certainly more thought provoking than a lot of what 's out there .
 This is a trippy mind-blast from phenomenal Spanish auteur Carlos Atanes.The film starts simply with Tony -LRB- Oriol Aubets -RRB- , a total nerd who is obsessed with sci-fi movies and books . When his favorite author , Felix Cadecq -LRB- Manel Sol&aacute;s -RRB- , claims that aliens actually exist , Tony is the only person who believes him.As Tony begins his journey to find out the truth , he becomes involved with a secret cult and his reality begins to degrade . Is Tony actually going to have his wildest dreams fulfilled or has he completely lost his mind?Atanes gives no easy answers with his film that 's clearly been influenced by the work of Philip K. Dick . Aubets plays Tony with the perfect pitch of hopeful optimism so that the audience is really rooting for him to succeed in his quest despite how far-fetched the plot grows around him . Atanes is also very suggestive with his special effects , giving us just a hint of what may or not be real .
 A refreshing change from the humdrum of what we call `` movies '' in the US . Very much worth the rental and patience needed to get through the film . Style and presentation are unique , and I loved the low-budget feel . I have more to say but do n't want to ruin things , so the short version
 In `` PROXIMA '' , no one knows if what 's happening is real or not
 It is a science film fiction in which reality and fantasy are mixed of a very intelligent way . I recommend it strongly
 A delightful and surprising movie full of wonder . True intelligent fantasy . The sci-fi community deserves to know it asap !!!!!
 The Suburbans was both better and worse than I expected it to be . Admittedly , I only bought this movie because of Jennifer Love Hewitt , but it turned out to be a pretty entertaining show . I was under the impression that JLH had only a small part in this film , so I was quite pleased to see more of her than I expected . This was something of an unusual role for her , and she definitely looked rather exotic at times , but she is always gorgeous . In her role as a record company executive , she sets out to resurrect a one-hit wonder group from the early 1980s called The Suburbans . The band members are an interesting bunch of guys , all but one having forgotten their dreams of musical success and dealing with very real issues of families , commitments , and relationships . I expected to get a lot of laughs from Will Ferrell , but he is actually sort of the straight man of the group . This is not to say that laughs are not to be found here , though , as several scenes came out very funny indeed . A few recognizable notables who put in appearances include Amy Brennaman , Robert Loggia , and both generations of the incredibly annoying Stillers . The comedy begins to dissipate in the later stages as the big resurrection mania fails to live up to the hype and a couple of the guys start making the same kind of bad decisions they had made the first time around . Each man has to ask himself whether The Suburbans are better off left in the past , and in so doing they begin to make some of the grown-up decisions about life that they have been putting off for fifteen years . The only problem I have with the movie -LRB- besides the fact that Jennifer Love Hewitt is n't in every single scene -RRB- is the ending , which left at least two large questions unanswered in my mind . Still , though , this movie played rather well as a whole , convincing me that , while it is no diamond in the rough , it is certainly no throwaway film to be forgotten either .
 This was a good movie , I do n't know why so many people do n't like it ! Hewitt was awesome once again !! Like she always is !!! the Stillers were as funny as -LSB- heck -RSB- ! The rest of the movie kind of dragged but was interesting enough !! The plot
 I do agree with the other reviewers that there was a lot more that could have been done with the premise , but for my money this was a light , enjoyable romp through the music biz , with an amazingly beautiful JLoveH , a funny-as-always Will Ferrell , and a hilarious turn by the father/son Stiller team.Still , the anchor in all of this is Amy Brenneman , who turns in a deft , mature performance that keeps the film rolling over the sometimes spotty script and direction . Let me say this , too -- by the end of the movie you will love the Suburbans ' one-hit song .
 This is a fantastic bit of ` hang-over Sunday ' cinema . The Suburbans is extremely re-watchable , due entirely to charismatic performances by Will Ferrell , Ben Stiller , the underrated Craig Bierko , and even Jennifer Love Hewitt . This would have been a hit had the director not cast himself in the lead , but even he contributes a decent performance . This movie masters the art of combining goofy male performances with sexy , yet comically apt female performances by Amy Brenneman and Bridgette Wilson . Rent the Suburbans . It 's one movie that will make you wonder why it was never a hit .
 The Suburbans , is very old movie . Those people who liked Will Ferrell from modern films mite find this film less funny . But it does n't means , its not nice film . The all cast is great . And story very funny to . I wish I gave you more details . But it will take long time to writhe . And I believe you should go on your instinct . And first of all , have a good mood to watch a film . Because some people force them self to watch some DVD , then they di n't liked . But the truth is , film great , but maybe person was not meant to watch in that particular moment . So , time is everything . And no point disappointed to quick . Please be patient and enjoy it . Thanks .
 I thought this movie was great ! Jennifer Love Hewitt is a very talented young actress , and this movie shows . All a movie could offer is offered here
 This movie is scrumtrulescent ! I was a bit skeptical when I first heard of it , but what a surprise . Too many comedies these days rely on sensational , unbelievable acts to get a laugh . This movie did n't have some crazy scene where the main characters were riding a tiger , rather it relied on good writing and a few crazy antics by the actors to deliver its hilarity . If you laughed at Napolean Dynamite , then you will definitely laugh at this movie too !
 I am a somewhat cynical person ; however , after seeing this film I was absolutely blown away . It affirms what I have known for years , but some had forgotten , that the best way to serve God is to serve your fellow man . Watching the devotion to others and to God that the people in this film exhibit under very trying circumstances has caused me to recommit myself to the cause . I highly recommend this film to those who , like myself , heartily dislike the standard vanilla `` Christian '' fare usually presented in the mainstream , but still would like to be able to view inspirational type films that relate this strongly to the real world . The joy that these people exhibit in worship and in daily life , set against the backdrop of addicts , gangs , and urban decay , makes me ashamed that I 've not been more thankfull for where I am , and how little I 've given back . If I could , i would give it 10 stars ...
 I 'll echo exactly what the previous 2 reviewers wrote , this film is amazing , unbelievable , almost beyond words . Here is a church , probably minutes away from our White House and our Congress -LRB- these who are supposed to be taking care of their neighborhood , which would be the whole , United States . -RRB- Anyway , The church is filled with people who support each other , and improve their neighborhood with knowledge , job training , peaceful demonstrations , free healthcare , and much more . The church seems to me , to be exactly what a church is meant to be .
 I saw this film at Sundance two years ago and desperately wanted a copy of it right away . I am delighted to have found it now on Amazon . It is not only a riveting portrait of faith lived out in the context of very difficult situations , it is also an important corrective to the treacly , mass-marketed , individualistic piety that dominates much of what is labeled `` Christian '' nowadays . I wept through much of it , but they were good tears -- tears of joy .
 In this documentary director David Peterson takes us to World Mission for Christ Church International , a tiny black Pentecostal storefront church a few blocks from the nation 's capitol . I think I counted four pews in the sanctuary . But the thirty or so parishioners have followed the advice of a sign on the wall
 This is the story of a store-front church in a low-income area of Washington DC . The faith of the parishioners is tested by poverty , gang violence , and unemployment . The church is a source of connection that allows members to truly support one another in times of difficulty . Their faith is a source of strength that allows them to cope with overwhelming tragedy . Here is religion as a foundation for community and as a path for a better future .
 I really enjoyed this film . It shows how situations can be made better when church and community are one . Amen .
 I had been looking forward to seeing this movie since it was in the Atlanta Film Festival . As a documentary fan , I 'm glad that I purchased and I did enjoy it . Well worth what I paid for it .
 This highly acclaimed documentary takes place in a small , storefront Black Pentecostal Church in Washington , D.C. in the shadow of the Capitol . While geographically close , the worlds of these two institutions are light years apart . This week our government has proposed hundreds of billions of bailout funds for Wall Street . In the film , church members pass the ` plate ' to raise $ 200 so one of the members can repair their car to get to work . The film follows four members of the church for a year as they pursue their dreams and hopes . Each one faces significant challenges , both of the external variety and those of the self-imposed consequences . It also shows the church going into the community . While they are most of very modest , perhaps even impoverished means , they care as much for others in the community as they do for themselves . They offer free clothes , food shelves , shelter , medical care and counseling and , of course , spiritual healing to everyone regardless of whether they join the church or not . There is nothing subtle about their faith , that it is Jesus who has changed their lives and gives them strength for living each day . Whether you agree with them , you ca n't help but love these people who are so authentic and genuine in their care for each other and their community . They do n't play church . They live it in a way most of have n't experienced who live in nice , neat suburban areas . Director David Petersen does a great job of letting them tell their own story without either glamorizing or putting it down . Perhaps our legislators should visit this church instead of the big cathedrals . It might help to keep life in perspective . www.lusreviews.blogspot.com
 This film provides great insight into the sort of good work that many African American churches are doing in the midst of neighborhoods that have long been left out of the corporatism that is now failing people in upper classesThe Corporation . Like Obama 's Trinity United Church , this church provides assistance to people in need and preaches a sort of liberation theologyAnd Still We Rise
 The writing and acting are terrific in this incredibly original 6 episode series . I never thought I could be captivated by a show with bullets flying everywhere , but the dialogue in each scene , is so funny and great , I could n't get enough . Set in a place named Bruteville , the production design gives the exact right noirish look to a city with warring crime bosses . I adore Eddie Izzard and this is a perfect turn for Eric Roberts . Neil Napier and Kate Kelton are great in their roles , but , Max Williams is truly outstanding as the lead who , ... you guessed it , took the ` bullet in the face . ' I loved this show !
 `` Is he good ? Is he bad ? A psychopath or a sexy cad ? '' This is how the loopy theme song for `` Bullet in the Face '' begins and , trust me , this silly little song perfectly encapsulates the offbeat humor of this rollicking six part series from Canada . I became intrigued by this show without knowing too much about it other than it starred Eddie Izzard and Eric Roberts as rival crime bosses in a dystopian cityscape known simply as Bruteville . Originally broadcast on IFC , `` Bullet in the Face '' has a dark comic allure that is completely over-the-top -LRB- and feels very much like a crazy graphic novel come to life -RRB- and may not be for everyone . However , if you are tired of the mundane formula shows that populate the TV landscape , this offer something decidedly different . It 's a wild ride , to be sure , but one that I often found uproariously funny . Purposefully cheesy , the show revels in low-budget debauchery , senseless violence , and salty wordplay . Where it succeeds so successfully , though , is that everyone in the cast and creative team seem fully committed to the joke ! And the lunacy is unrelenting.While Izzard and Roberts are present , they really serve more to support the primary story line . The show 's central character is actually an amoral and supremely vicious German hood played by Max Williams . On a job for Izzard , things go dramatically wrong resulting in the titular bullet in the face . It seems he was betrayed by his partner and love interest -LRB- Kate Kelton is a terrific femme fatale -RRB- . He awakes to find himself alive , but very changed . Now with the face of a beloved detective , he is given a chance to experience the law from the other side by an imperious police commissioner -LRB- Jessica Steen -RRB- and the man who partnered with the dead cop whose face has been appropriated -LRB- Neil Napier -RRB- . Initially staged as a battle of wills , Williams starts to have fun in his new position . In early episodes , he and Napier actually work a few cases but as the series progresses -- Bruteville becomes increasingly embroiled in a devastating crime war . With Kelton and Williams straddling the middle ground of the epic battle , will they be able to save the city ? Themselves ? Each other ? And is any of it really worth saving?First and foremost , `` Bullet in the Face '' is very funny . The screenplay is lively and surprisingly clever as it spoofs detective noir and updates it in refreshing new ways . Williams is a great find , speaking with a comically heavy accent , his struggle to accept his new look is played to the rafters . Kelton is beguiling , Steen is perfect , and Napier brings a great amount of unexpected heart to the piece . Roberts makes the most of a relatively limited role , let 's just say you would n't want to be one of his henchmen . And Izzard is delightfully demented and chews up the scenery in every appearance . `` Bullet in the Face '' is wildly unpredictable as well . It plays by the rules of noir but also subverts them at will . The show aims to provoke , lacks political correctness , and takes unapologetic glee in its pervasive comic violence . A terrific send-up that I heartily recommend to an adventurous TV audience looking for something quite different . A lot of fun ! KGHarris , 8/12 .
 `` Is he good ? Is he bad ? A psychopath or a sexy cad ? '' This is how the loopy theme song for `` Bullet in the Face '' begins and , trust me , this silly little song perfectly encapsulates the offbeat humor of this rollicking six part series from Canada . I became intrigued by this show without knowing too much about it other than it starred Eddie Izzard and Eric Roberts as rival crime bosses in a dystopian cityscape known simply as Bruteville . Originally broadcast on IFC , `` Bullet in the Face '' has a dark comic allure that is completely over-the-top -LRB- and feels very much like a crazy graphic novel come to life -RRB- and may not be for everyone . However , if you are tired of the mundane formula shows that populate the TV landscape , this offer something decidedly different . It 's a wild ride , to be sure , but one that I often found uproariously funny . Purposefully cheesy , the show revels in low-budget debauchery , senseless violence , and salty wordplay . Where it succeeds so successfully , though , is that everyone in the cast and creative team seem fully committed to the joke ! And the lunacy is unrelenting.While Izzard and Roberts are present , they really serve more to support the primary story line . The show 's central character is actually an amoral and supremely vicious German hood played by Max Williams . On a job for Izzard , things go dramatically wrong resulting in the titular bullet in the face . It seems he was betrayed by his partner and love interest -LRB- Kate Kelton is a terrific femme fatale -RRB- . He awakes to find himself alive , but very changed . Now with the face of a beloved detective , he is given a chance to experience the law from the other side by an imperious police commissioner -LRB- Jessica Steen -RRB- and the man who partnered with the dead cop whose face has been appropriated -LRB- Neil Napier -RRB- . Initially staged as a battle of wills , Williams starts to have fun in his new position . In early episodes , he and Napier actually work a few cases but as the series progresses -- Bruteville becomes increasingly embroiled in a devastating crime war . With Kelton and Williams straddling the middle ground of the epic battle , will they be able to save the city ? Themselves ? Each other ? And is any of it really worth saving?First and foremost , `` Bullet in the Face '' is very funny . The screenplay is lively and surprisingly clever as it spoofs detective noir and updates it in refreshing new ways . Williams is a great find , speaking with a comically heavy accent , his struggle to accept his new look is played to the rafters . Kelton is beguiling , Steen is perfect , and Napier brings a great amount of unexpected heart to the piece . Roberts makes the most of a relatively limited role , let 's just say you would n't want to be one of his henchmen . And Izzard is delightfully demented and chews up the scenery in every appearance . `` Bullet in the Face '' is wildly unpredictable as well . It plays by the rules of noir but also subverts them at will . The show aims to provoke , lacks political correctness , and takes unapologetic glee in its pervasive comic violence . A terrific send-up that I heartily recommend to an adventurous TV audience looking for something quite different . A lot of fun ! KGHarris , 8/12 .
 Very tongue in cheek . Over the to humor , violent and sexual . I could n't stop laughing It is only 6 20 minute episodes .
 Great ensemble work by a cast that knows how to play it straight in order to get laughs . Noir and comedy are n't things that necessarily go together , but they do in this case , with everyone from Eddie Izzard to Eric Roberts , Kate Kelton , and Max E. Williams at the top of their game .
 This is the kind of series you want to see more than once because the dialogue is so smart and funny . Bullet In The Face , has terrific acting , Max Williams , Eddie Izzard , Kate Kelton , and a great noirish look , but it 's the whip smart , funny writing that stands out . Original in every aspect , Bullet In The Face , must continue next season . Will IFC see fit to entertain us with more criminal antics from Bruteville ? It was unique TV viewing at its best , but , 6 episodes is not enough .
 Before I knew Brett Dillon , I only knew OF Brett Dillon . I heard often about this fixture of Dallas radio , his enthusiasm about this particular artist or that particular album , about his pitching in on someone 's project or guiding someone else through career changes . And I never , ever heard anything but glowing , glowing words used about Brett . No catty detractions about his taste or his show , or his pets or grudges ever . Even other radio people spoke well of him in the same , `` he 's above and beyond '' kind of way.After I met him , I understood how he earns such loyal and ardent friends and fans . Brett is kind , patient , hilarious and utterly committed to music and radio . I often tell people that radio promotion is one of my favorite parts of my job , and it 's true
 The last great DJ ; Brett Dillon . Great story about an old hippie/country dj who has radio in his blood . Like a lot of other dying industries , radio will one day dump disc jockeys out on the street without so much as a fond farewell . Hopefully by that time Brett will have developed other monetarily gainful interests & will be able to somewhat stay in the industry he loves so much . Good luck to the last great dj ; Brett Dillon . Live long & prosper to a great radio station ; KHYI 95.3 `` THE RANGE ! ''
 this is a wartime British comedy ... the stars are the British answer to Abbott and Costello , but without any of the vaudeville style physical comedy . The British are too polite for physical slapstick and pratfalls at this point in cinema history . The story is a pleasant farce about foiling nazi spies ... Alastair Sim runs away with the movie and steals most of his scenes ... he 's a natural and very dynamic actor , miles ahead of everybody else in the film . I like this dry polite style of British humor but many will find it to be slow and restrained . Its nice to see the stalwart British making comedies during The Blitz of WW2 ... Winston Churchill would have been proud . At $ 20 I think the DVD is way overpriced . $ 8 would be a fair price .
 The actors are top notch . Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- known to most for Harry Potter -RRB- executed an excellent youthful performance of Dicken 's favorite character . Emilia Fox did a great job as his wonderful , but unfortunate mother . Maggie Smith was wonderful as Aunt Betsey . Pauline Quirke was very endearing as Peggoty , along with Michael Elphick as Barkis and Ian McNeice as Mr. Dick . Bob Hoskins is now my favorite Macawber ! and , Ian McKellen , Trevor Eve and Nicholas Lyndhurst played very well done nasties . This was a great crew of actors . Despite some story editing , this version is the most endearing of all the versions .
 This is a very good video - a great adaption of the book -LRB- although some bits were left out , that 's understandable -RRB- and with good acting all round . I also agree that Daniel Radcliffe did a much better job here than in Harry Potter - I think it was this that gave him that `` magical quality '' people mention . Costumes and settings were brilliant .
 I saw this movie after seeing Daniel Radcliffe in all 4 Harry Potter movies and I must confess that his acting touched me more here than in any of his other roles . I love Daniel Radcliffe but I wonder what happens to boys as they grow up ? Do they find that they have to hide their feelings as they get older ? This is what struck me in his more grown up films . All I have to say is for Dan to look at this and tap into what made his performance so excellent here . Please learn to cry again on film.Maggie Smith is memorable as usual and Bob Hoskins is a delight . I must say that the second half of the movie is a bit of a snooze . The portrayal of the older David Copperfield is not nearly as interesting . Other than this I highly recommend it especially if you are a Daniel Radcliffe , Harry Potter or Dickens lover .
 There have been so many filmed versions of `` Copperfield '' and each has it 's merits . This is one of the better ones . The basic story is intact and readers will recognize snippets of dialog taken directly from the book . The casting was quite good , although having Dawn French in this production was a major mistake . A waste of film to be blunt . The other performers shine and Bob Hoskins as Mr. Micawber was an ideal choice . -LRB- He had too much hair though , in the book , Dickens describes Micawber as `` bald as an egg '' -RRB- Clara Peggoty was done admirably , without sounding `` cartoonish '' . I just wish the producers had followed the book more closely . As a history buff and reenactor , I enjoyed the costumes and props as well . Far better than that wretched piece with W.C. Fields -LRB- Horrid !!! -RRB- Maggie Smith was excellent as Betsy Trotsworth -LRB- Jane , DONKIES !!! -RRB- and Mr. Creakle was well done . -LRB- she is gravely ill ... in fact , she is dead -RRB- And who can forget Mr. Murdstone and his evil sister ? He should have had a thick beard though . -LRB- Read Dicken 's description -RRB- Even if Dickens is not your cup of tea , sit back and enjoy it .
 If you know a bit about Dicken 's biography , this movie will appeal to you . I could n't help but think about how parts of it paralleled his life and how he depicted his experiences . It makes it feel more human.Dicken 's was the father of soap opera . He had a talent for telling several different stories , weaving them in and out of each other , but not showing you the big reveal of how they all fit until the very end . He 's masterful at that . Unfortunately , David Copperfield is not one of those types of stories . I think it feels less interesting than some of the others for that reason -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- . The cast is STELLAR . They all do a fabulous job of becoming their characters , but the characters - like most of Dicken 's characters - are pretty one dimensional . There is always a `` good one '' who has the action happen to him rather than acting on the world . -LRB- That 's David Copperfield in this movie -RRB- . There is always a `` bad one '' who gets it in the end . This is predictable in that way , but you still ca n't help but be carried away with it and love the story . Or at least that is how it played out with me . I loved the way that different strata of society were all shown that would not have normally interacted with each other . I think it makes it so much richer than just dealing with one slice of life.Great cast . Great costuming . Great story . Watch it .
 Everyone 's favorite Dickens tale gets an outstanding treatment by the BBC and an all-star cast that includes the incomparable Maggie Smith , Bob Hoskins , Ian McKellen , Alun Armstrong , Imelda Staunton , and pre-Potter Daniel Radcliffe . The cinematography is excellent , landscapes could come straight from a `` Best of Britain '' calendar , costumes and sets and characterizations are true to the book and to the time . The production is presented in two sections , the first dealing with the young David , anchored by Radcliffe who already showed promise of the actor he would grow to be . The adult David of the second section -LRB- Ciaran McMenamin -RRB- is weaker , but the strength of the story carries all to a satisfactory conclusion . The measured delivery of Tom Wilkinson 's narration adds much to the overall production . The bonus program `` Dickens ' Favorite Child '' really is a bonus , nearly as interesting to watch as the story itself . This is a truly beautiful production , one of the BBC 's very best .
 `` David Copperfield '' is something of a modern fairy-tale . The titular character , like so many other heroes , is a boy born into tragedy . His father dies before he his even born , and while he lives a relatively happy life for the first eight years or so with his mother and Peggotty , the kindly servant of the Copperfield family , his fragile existence is shattered when his mother remarries a horrible , controlling man named Edward Murdstone , who becomes the quintessential `` evil stepfather '' . He and his sister take over the household , taking advantage of Mrs. Copperfield and abusing David mercilessly with corporal punishment . David endures horrific tenures at a boarding school , beatings by his step-father , and the pain of losing his mother to illness before he is sent away to paste labels on jars of bootblack at a factory ... and that 's just part 1 ! Part 2 is nonetheless fraught with troubles , and follows him as he makes his way through adulthood and confronts the tragedies and joys that come with it . The character of David Copperfield has always been one of my favorites from any of Dicken 's books . He does not make his own story , but has his story shaped by the actions of those around him . His steadfast resoluteness in the face of adversity is admirable , if not inspiring , and his diligence and aspiration for something more in life , no matter how low he has sunk , ultimately leads him to his own `` happily ever after '' ; not like Pip in `` Great Expectations '' , who largely comes to nothing because of his own shortcomings.The story is typically Dickensian , with dirty London streets , heart-tugging tragedy , and plenty of cruel adults who wreak their vengeance upon innocent children . There are light moments , of course , and as far as plot goes , this one is n't nearly as dark and bleak as `` Great Expectations '' or `` Oliver Twist '' . For one thing , it actually has a good ending for just about everyone , a rarity in most of Dicken 's other works.The BBC evidentially put a ton of time and money into this production . Everything looks so authentic , from the sets down to the costumes . Much of it was filmed on location , and even what was n't still appears in perfect continuity to the time period . The score , composed by Robert Lane and interspersed with several classical pieces , is simply beautiful , and avoids sounding either cheap or overproduced for a film of this scale.If you 've been turned off by previous Masterpiece productions because of their lack of proper casting , than you 'll be pleasantly surprised by this one . Everyone is perfect for their parts , and give solid , believable performances . Many will criticize for the abundance of British film royalty , but the way I see it , the reason those people are so famous in the first place is because they 're so talented , and when you 're trying to adapt a Charles Dickens novel , you need good actors to do the job . Some of the standouts include Maggie Smith as Aunt Betsey Trotwood , Bob Hoskins and Imelda Staunton as the irrepressible Mr. and Mrs. Micawber , Pauline Quirke as Peggotty , and Amanda Ryan as Agnes . Nicholas Lynhurst gives a suitably slimy performance as Uriah Heep , and becomes a villain you want to hate . Ian McKellan is equally as despisable as the vicious headmaster , Mr. Creakle.As for David Copperfield himself , Daniel Radcliffe gives an astoundingly good performance in the first part of this film as young David . He was only ten at the time , but is as good or better than most of the adults , and plays his part with an incredible amount of pathos and emotion . The looks in his eyes are truly those of an old soul in a child 's body . How anyone could even pretend to be cruel to him is beyond me . Because of him , Part 1 is made even more compelling . That may account for the slight let-down feel of Part 2 . Oh well . If only they had been able to find an actor as talented as him to play David as an adult , then this production would have been absolutely perfect.All in all , this is the best PBS Masterpiece production I have ever seen , and certainly one of the best Dickens adaptations . If you like good , well-produced British drama , do n't fail to see `` David Copperfield '' . You wo n't be sorry !
 Whilst this adaption has an excellent cast -LRB- Bob Hoskins as Micawber was particularly good -RRB- and is really enjoyable and moving , I longed for it to be longer - I think Dickens ' novels need more time to unfold . In this respect , I thought the recent BBC adaption of `` Bleak House '' got it just right . It is nearly 20 years since I read the book but the thing that struck me was forcefully was how people in their lives could not avoid the spectre of death - consequently life appeared more real and substantial not like the entertainment culture we live in !
 I thought this DVD was excellent because it kept to the story and the actors did an outstanding job with their characters . I was looking for something I could watch in a reasonable amount of time and this filled the bill . If you 've already read the book there are all the highlights you need to `` fill in the blanks '' and if you have n't there is enough to tempt you to head to the library . I gave five stars because this is the perfect condensed version of a classic masterpiece . If you are looking for a DVD that will include a wider range of characters and incidents this will not suit you .
 This is BBC at its best ! Davie Coperfield has an excellent cast of characters and is indeed a delight to watch . One of the nice things about the film is that it is shorter then a lot of BBC 's epic dramas . I have enjoyed the Jane Austin and Charles Dickens epics which I 've watched over the years but this shorter film was nice for a change . Part of what made the film was the colorful characters like David 's Aunt Betsy . I hope BBC does some more of these great classics .
 This was an excellent production . The casting of characters were extraordinary . I enjoyed it very much and watch it over and over again .
 David Copperfield is my favorite book - -LRB- along with the Razor 's Edge -RRB- . I 've read it at least 10 times in the past 20 years . I 've seen all of the film adaptations and this one is simply excellent . It stays true to the book in every way and the actors are true to the way Dickens wrote the characters.I do wish that Steerforth had been a bit stronger - he is so pivotal in the story and his sexuality needs to be quite pronounced . I did feel the portrayal of Rosa Dartle with her scar was excellent . A lot had to be left out from the book of course , but I think the screenplay choices were sound . And ... what better advice for these times than Mr. MiCawber ! `` Annual income twenty pounds , annual expenditure nineteen pounds nineteen and six , result happiness . Annual income twenty pounds , annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six , result misery . `` Maybe the executives at AIG missed this book in high school.Dickens ' work always reminds me that nothing EVER changes . Humans are humans - only our settings change . I would kick Mr. and Ms. Murdstone myself if they walked into my room ! The actors really got this one right.I do n't think an American version of this story would every make it to the screen . They would try to pretty up the actors and give it a Hollywood spin - only the British can get it right and they did . -LRB- Please excuse my character name spelling - you would think that after all of the readings I would remember ! -RRB- Julie A. Fast
 This movie was very good and true to the facts . The acting was great.Loved it.Norma Warren
 Very fun to watch this version of Dickens . My daughter and I both enjoyed it very much !
 I am a big Dickens fan and I absolutely loved this rendition of David Copperfield . It is very close to the original book and so very enjoyable . If you like Dickens I am sure you will like this .
 I am a big Dickens fan and I absolutely loved this rendition of David Copperfield . It is very close to the original book and so very enjoyable . If you like Dickens I am sure you will like this .
 This version of David Copperfield was done as a miniseries for TV . While it gives us a decided flavor of Charles Dicken 's rich characterizations , it leaves some important characters behind . This is necessary , in part , due to the enormous length of the original work . Still , when I used it in my English classes , it helped high school students with learning disabilities to visualize the historical climate and serves as a springboard for reading chapters from the novel and discussion . Student comments were positive for overall enjoyment of the movie . For those interested in the actors , the cast is not only recognizable , but accomplished . You will be delighted at some of the portrayals !
 The movie was overall pretty good . The story in the movie stayed close to the book , with the exception that several characters such as Dr. Strong , Thomas Traddle were eleminated from teh story . Which I thought was a bit odd , because these characters were great to the story . It is argued that David Copperfield himself is rather a dull character with no strong personality and that what makes Dicken 's book wonderful are the David 's surrounding characters . This argument was well presented in the movie because the actor who played adult David Copperfield had a relatively dull camera time than rest of the roles . He did n't seem to have much freedom to express any of his emotions in front of the camera . My favorite character is David 's aunt Betsy Trotwood , both in the book and in the movie . The actress was very good.I recommend this movie to everyone who likes the book.Purple _ Garden
 I enjoyed this film very , very much i thought it was sad , romantic and happy all in 1 !! This movie really moved me and it had some very funny parts and some not so funny!This movie starts sad then it 's happy then sad again and this movie just keeps following this pattern.The lady who played Peggotty was a great actress who really suited this part , without Peggotty in this movie it would have been pretty Boring !! Another great actress was the lady who played Betsy Trotwood at the start we all though she was a heartless bitchy old woman but in the end her bitchiness just came from her terrible Heartbreak.But we ca n't forget the Best Actor and the main actor the young boy who played David Copperfield !! He was a wonderful actor and when he was sad we all felt his hurt.This was a great movie but sometimes i thought it was a bit much , when David gets older everyone is in trouble or dying , i think it all happened too quickly , like it was squashed in all at once !! Is this young boy a better actor in David Copperfield or Harry Potter ??!!
 This is a winner . The first part especially is superb , due in large part to Daniel Radcliffe as the young David . It would be difficult to imagine a better performance ; he dominated every scene that he was in . The second part with a different David is something of a letdown . It is too full of events for any to be fully developed but that is probably due to trying to include most of the novel in too abbreviated a fashion . Buy it mainly for the acting debut of Daniel Radcliffe in the first part . He was 9 years old when he did this and he has never done anything better , perhaps nothing quite as good , since .
 This is an excellent conversion from the original David Copperfield book unlike certain other conversions of other books which turn out terrible . The actors play their parts extreamely well and are full of character . The settings are also great they are breathtaking and visually stunning . Even though the video leaves out subplots and characters , they werent needed and if they were included it would make the video even longer than it already is and also might become boring . The video is extreamely accurate and stays with the story line of the book unlike other conversions . Some people might think that it wouldnt be any good because the book and video are a bit old . This is not the case . The book was excellent but the video was even better . It is very nice and fun to watch and keeps you interested . You will probably find yourself watching it time and time again . It is an excellent movie and if you didnt already know the actor for young David was the same actor for Harry Potter . An excellent movie conversion a must see .
 Much better than Harry Potter and a great way to introduce a classic - with an actor a child can associate with . If your children like Harry Potter , this is a must have .
 Those who are familiar with the book obviously they are going to notice that some parts were omitted , but that happends often in a movie when you have limited time to present the story.In my opinion this version was well put togheter , it ` s very entertaining , delightful , worth getting one to watch and keep .
 I found this version of David Copperfield after discovering Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- Harry Potter movies -RRB- , and decided to just buy it -- I 'm very glad I did ! It is a made-for-TV movie , but most of the time , I did n't even remember it was ! The cast is great - so convincing , I 've since started the book , and can really get in to it.The movie is an even spread of the conflict that Dickens intended , and has a nice sprinkling of humor . It 's one of those movies you watch when curled up in a blanket.The only thing I do n't like is the grown up David ...
 This Dickens tale is about a young orphan who suffers many hardships and tragedies before finally finding happiness . It is enjoyable mainly because young David is played by the future star of Harry Potter . The many characters are , of course , exceptionally well-written , including the optimistic Mr. Micawber , slimy Uriah Heep , take-charge Aunt Betsy -LRB- played by Maggie Smith in a standout performance -RRB- , and the odious Mr. Murdstone . The young adult David becomes a bland , minor character amid so many colorful folks . This is n't the best version I 've seen , but it will still send you searching for your copy of Dickens to reread the master . I recommend it to fans of classic English literature .
 Dickens has become my favorite author of all time . His novels are still relevant to this day - 150 years or so after they were written . It takes a bit of time to settle into the formal style of 19th century British writers , but once you get into the flow , the stories are great , the characters come alive in sparkling clarity , and not one plot element is left hanging . Long reads ? Yes , definitely , but well worth the time and effort . I would wager that you will be sorry to see the book end if you persevere . Why were these books such drudgery to read when assigned in school ? Maybe it takes some years in the world to appreciate what Dickens left for us .
 Very good film , very good and moving story . The cast and the performance are excellent !! this is a great souvenir of our loved actors Maggie Smith and Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- the last one as a child , later Harry Potter -RRB- . Do n't miss it even before or after reading the book !
 This movie is a great portrayal of Charles Dicken 's David Copperfield . It stayed true to the book and brought the whole story alive.The actors and the actresses had done well . They played their characters like how they were as described in the book . Maggie Smith 's acting was clever as usual . It felt like the role of Aunt Betsey was meant for her . Moreover , thought he only appeared in part one , young Daniel Radcliff proved that he had talents for acting . Radcliff 's portrayal for young David Copperfield fit the book 's description well and was memorable.The costumes used in this movie were extraordinary . From the working class to the high rich class , the costumes fit the personality of each and every one of the characters . In addition , the make-up artists did a wonderful job making the actors/actresses look weak or old as the book had described.It 's a fantastic adaptation of David Copperfield , go get it if you have n't ! Story AActing A-Direction B+V isuals A -
 Masterpiece Theater does it again ! This is the debut of `` Harry Potter '' star Daniel Radcliffe . Ironically enough , quite a few of the cast members of this PBS miniseries have performed together , especially cast members from `` Harry Potter . '' This is a perfect film ... no flaws at all . Comparable to the PBS miniseries , `` Moll Flanders . ''
 Exxon Mobil Masterpiece Theatre has done it again ! This fantastic TVmovie adaption of the grand Dickens story of `` David Copper '' is something all family must have . Though we all know often an film adoption of a novel is not as original as it should be . However , in this production you will find pieces of evidence that the film stayed loyal to the novel . Most of the characters are well adopted in the movie , scenaries are well setup -LRB- you will love to see Yarmouth , the boathouse is fantastic ! -RRB- I believe all Dickens fans will find the film something worthwhile to watch for .
 Yes it 's another story about an orphan but who would not like this movie?Daniel Radcliff was such a darling thing .
 This film is true to the main story line of the book . It does leave out some of the subplots and characters , like Tommy Traddles , Dr Strong , the schoolmaster Mell , etc. . But the story does n't suffer too much because of it . The characters are very well cast . Copperfield -LRB- boy and man -RRB- , Aunt Betsy , Mr Dick , Macawber , Uriah Heep , all look -LRB- more or less -RRB- as they do in your mind 's eye when you read the book.The only problem with the film is it loses the charm of the book . The young David 's innocence when he first ventures out in the world -LRB- think of the waiter who ` shares ' David 's first tavern meal -RRB- , and the maturing David 's embarrasment as he first steps out in life as a young man -LRB- think of Copperfield 's apprehension about Steerforth 's valet , or his first infatuations with some local girls and then , of course , his courting of Dora -RRB- ; these are the things that were so charming in the book because they were lovingly drawn by Dickens ' from his own early life experiences . None of this comes through in the film.Still , not a bad film . You get the main story , you see the main characters , all pretty well done . But read the book , too , if you want to know what David Copperfield really is .
 This is an excellant version of Dicken 's story . Great actors and actresses . I 've seen other versions which I have enjoyed also , but this is the best !
 David Copperfield , 1999 filmThe story begins in an English village where a coffin is carried along a country lane . Miss Betsy Trotwood visits Widow Copperfield , who soon gives birth to a son . Young David had a happy childhood until his mother found a second husband . David and Pegotty go on a vacation to Yarmouth by the sea , and meet her family . They live in a ship that is on the land . When he returns he meets his new father ! There is a new housekeeper now , Edward 's sister Jane Murdstone . Clara is surprised . David is sent to bed . Edward corrects David 's behavior in a firm or harsh manner by caning him ! He is kept locked in his room for seven day . -LSB- Did David have friends his own age ? -RSB- Miss Pegotty leaves . David is sent away and receives hard treatment . -LSB- Do children pack up and pick on a new boy ? -RSB- His hands are whipped . Steerforth befriends him . School discipline is harsh.When David returns home he finds a younger brother . He has learned manners . Then he returns to school and learns his mother has died . Pegotty is fired from her job , and marries Mrs. Barkus . Mr. Murdstone sends David to London to earn a living in a factory . He is taken to a new home , Micawber 's family . David learns to bargain . Micawber is sent to Debtor 's Prison . Misery comes from being in debt . David sells his clothes for money to travel to Dover . He makes the mistake of trusting a stranger , who robs him ! David must walk all the way to Dover to meet his aunt Betsy . Mr. Dick is an odd character wh advises Betsy . Betsy tells off Murdstone and his sister Jane . David will go to a new school and board with Mr. Whitfield , aunt Betsy 's lawyer . Betsy offers advice to David , who meets Agnes and Uriah Heep . The years pass , David and Agnes are grown up . David will enter business as a clerk -LRB- for a price of 1,000 -RRB- . Next he finds lodgings . Months later he meets Dora , the owner 's daughter.David is invited to Dora 's picnic . He fell in love . He meets Agnes again , and Steerforth . Uriah Heep tells David about Whitfield 's business . David meets Micawber again . He goes to visit Steerforth , and invites him to travel to Yarmouth . Steerforth looks down on his inferiors . David meets Pegotty and Barkus again . Emily is to marry Ham . Steerforth buys a boat . Micawber has a new job with Uriah Heep . Betsy Trotwood has lost her fortune through bad investments . David tells Dora about this . -LSB- Is she practical ? -RSB- David talks to Agnes about his plans . Whitfield complains about Heep 's actions . Agnes says goodbye . Spendlow tells David to forget Dora . His sudden death creates a problem . David learns Emily has left Ham to go away with Steerforth ! Steerforth 's mother is also distressed . David learns the Spendlow company went bankrupt ! Dora is destitute.David wrote articles that were bought and published , a new career . He married Dora . Their cook is lacking in skills . -LSB- Should a man chose a wife just on looks ? -RSB- The search for Emily continues . -LSB- We see how the upper class treats common people . -RSB- Back in Yarmouth a ship runs aground and begins to sink . Can a man be saved ? The bodies lie upon the sands . David tells the news to Mrs. Steerforth . There is a meeting at the Whitfield home where Micawber accuses Heep of embezzling from Betsy Trotwood . Heep explains his actions . Will Micawber consider immigration to Australia ? Something will turn up . The ship also takes prisoners exiled to Australia . At home Dora is in failing health . Agnes arrives with news . David works at his writing and finishes a book ; it is successful . David meets Agnes again . Will there be a happy ending ? Yes.Charles Dickens was famous for his characters . There are some lessons in this story . I never read the book , others can comment on this movie version . Books are adapted to movies , there is simplification and condensation . Was this story based on Dicken 's own personal experiences ? This story shows human life and the lessons or warnings from their activities . This movie generally shows David hatless , a strange habit in those times .
 A sumptuous , wonderful adaptation ; unexpectedly and disarmingly excellent.I was a little hesitant going into this
 Originally airing in the U.S. on PBS 's Masterpiece Theatre , I came across this one night during a fit of cable boredom . Thinking it would allow me to kill some time until something `` good '' came on I started watching . An hour and a half later I was cueing up my home video tape to insure that I would not miss the next night 's conclusion ! I could not wait to see it ! I have read Charles Dickens and I am especially fond of Great Expectations but could never quite throw myself fully into David Copperfield . This is a shame since Copperfield is supposed to be Dickens ' pseudo autobiography . I found the photography visual captivating with the feeling of the time period masterful rendered . The acting was great -LRB- Hoskins is amusing -RRB- with the boy who plays young Copperfield a definite standout . The story finally comes to life and the plot and its intricacies are finally revealed -LRB- to those who lack the patience to read the book ! -RRB- . Copperfield is truly a rags to riches story in a very convuluted and ironic manner , very much like life itself . Young Copperfield must make his way in the world after his widowed mother passes away and he is left to the whims of his ill tempered and miserly step-father and step-aunt . How Copperfield goes from being a neglected , uncared for urchin to a well thought of writer will have you watching in fascination . Of course , along the way he has several adventures and makes friends with quite a few colorful and tragic characters . If you have n't had the inclination to actually read this story , this is definitely the video version you should watch . I liked it so much I just have to own the tapes -LRB- 2 tape set -RRB- . Enough said . Go watch it now !
 The first half of David Copperfield was good enough , I think , to please Dickens himself . This is due in part to the excellent portrayal of young David by Daniel Radcliffe , who provides just the right amount of spunk and vulnerability to do justice to the character . Treavor Eve is also excellent as David 's nemesis , his stepfather , Murdstone . Just a look from Eve 's Murdstone is enough to frighten David first into silence and then , as he is being savagely beaten for failing his lessons , into instinctive rebellion , biting Murdstone 's hand . For this crime David is sent to Murstone 's blacking factory in London . The blacking factory is a dreadful place and would certainly have broken David 's spirit and ruined his life if it were not for the introduction of Mr. Micawber , his guardian in London , exceptionally well played by the talented Bob Hoskins.This great novel is filled with a variety of subplots , many of which are included in the film . Three that are worth mentioning are David 's flight from the blacking factory and his journey to his Aunt Betsey Trotwood , beautifully performed by the great English actress Maggie Smith . Aunt Betsey takes David in and champions his cause in a dramatic scene where she throws out Murdstone and his sister Jane from her home . Aunt Betsey then takes David to live with a lawyer and his daughter Agnes and the lawyer 's evil clerk Uriah Heep , who pretends to be humble yet never stops scheming to steal everything the lawyer owns . In another great scene , Macawber , now working for Heap , confronts the villain as a Heap of infamy . This dramatic encounter is the climax of the film . Lastly , another story worth mentioning concerns David 's nanny Peggotty . She and her family are betrayed by Steerforth , a boy that befriended David in his first school and who saved him from the dreadful headmaster Mr. Creakle , wonderfully played by Ian McKellen.Unfortunately , when David grows up the story loses some of its force and energy . The adult David , Ciaran McMenamin , is the weakest actor in the cast . Even so , the story is so well dramatized that I found myself engaged from beginning to end.David Copperfield is a long book and four hours is not quite enough time to do it justice , but what the producers have included is done well and will certainly give viewers a good sense of the exceptionally varied and entertaining cast of characters in a story , somewhat autobiographical , that Dickens himself considered his favorite and best work . This film is family entertainment of a high order . Highly recommended .
 This is a magical , heartwarming version of the Dickens ' tale from Exxon Mobil Masterpiece Theatre . David Copperfield is a young English boy living a life of happiness , but sometimes pain . The pain from his wicked step-father and the London school teacher -LRB- whom also gives a comedic twist to the movie at points -RRB- . The happiness from his maid and mother and the joyful man who takes him in -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- . After being taken in by this man , David runs away into the country and encounters his aunt who hates boys but learns to love them when she takes in David.Tape 2 brings us to face David 's adult years in which he falls for his first love . Tape 2 is a wonderful tape and gives us a villan to overcome our fears by . **************************************************************** This is a very heartwarming tale about love , kindness and the feelings you should give to people who are nice back at you . The cast is very well chosen , the plot is just wonderous and the moral that it gives you is good too . Purchase this video , guys . You 'll cherish always.RECOMMENDATIONS OF MASTERPIECE THEATRE
 I absolutely loved this movie ! It had all of the right elements , a great plot , plus a good balance of of good and evil . But most importantly , the movie was filled with wonderful insights , and delicate displays of love and compassion . I was glued to my seat the whole time ! Long film , but worth every single second ! Truly a warm and loving film , with some of the finest acting that I 've seen to date !
 I thought this video was very good . I have n't seen other versions , so I ca n't compare them , but I think it portrays the book excellently -LRB- although the book IS of course , better -RRB- . The first tape is the best . Daniel Radcliffe does a wonderful job playing young David . The plot also follows the book and even the lines in the book very well . The character are cast perfectly . Mr. Murdstone is horrible , Mr. and Mrs. Micawber are exactly how they are in the book ! In the second tape , I wish they had n't cut out the part with the old Doctor , or Tommy Traddles . They focused more on his relationship with Dora and Agnes in the movie , whereas there are many themes going on at once in the book . Also some little things , like Agnes does n't seem to take quite so kindly to Dora in the movie as she does in the book . But Maggie Smith is excellent as Betsy Trotwood -LRB- of course -RRB- . Overall , this is a fabulous movie . Even if you have n't read the book , you 'll want to after you see this .
 I saw this and became very aware of why David Copperfield has become such a classic . The production of this PBS version rivals any period movie made with Hollywood money . You 'll really get involved in the lives of the characters .
 I really loved the first half of this movie . It has a very young Daniel Radcliffe playing the part of David Copperfield . He does a Superb job . Be sure you have alot of tissues for the first half . Also Maggie Smith as his aunt does a superb job . '' No donkeys , No donkeys '' . The lady who played Madam Hooch from the first Harry Potter movie was also in it . She played the wicked stepdad 's sister . Some parts in the movie made me cry and some made me laugh . All in all this is a great movie . Do n't listen to the person with the bad review on Danny and this film . It was a great film . Danny 's acting in this film made you want to just hug the stuffing out of him .
 Having purchased this movie without ever having seen it , I was a little apprehensive that I would wind up disappointed . David Copperfield is without question one of my top 3 all tme favorite novels , and I was really hoping to see it done the justice I feel it is owed . The BBC did not let me down.The beautiful scenery , and the phenomanol performances blend together to bring the novel to life with all the color and richness Dickens deserves . I personnally loved the performances of Hoskins as Micawber , and Maggie Smith simply steals every scene she is in playing the eccentric Betsy Trotwood . Also big Kudos I thought to Trevor Eve for his brilliant portrayal of the truly despised Mr. Murdstone.I can only hope any future film versions of this novel can live up to this one .
 This was an inspiring dvd to watch , it went through a life story of a infant to a young man ... the characters in this extraorindary film were intriguing and always grabbed my attention in some way ... seems that i watched it with my class , it has captured our attention and made us realise what it was like living in the late 1800 's and how lucky and fotunate we are ... the only thing that i didnt like about this was that it was very predictable ... It is was good as Harry Potter Because the characeters are so a like . Why ? because they are the same people . Aunt betsey is as good as an Actress in her days of David Copperfield as when she was Professor McGonagall , David may be a little older in Harry Potter , but he still has the talent -LRB- and his winking in one eye -RRB- and as you would know , the evil wicked Mrs Murdstone is the lovely witch who teaches Harry to fly - Madam Hooch.i would reccomend this movie to anyone whol likes a bit of everything . .
 This mini-series was okay but no-where near as good as Great Expectations -LRB- the mini series -RRB- or Pride and Predudice.The lead actor who plays David gets annoying after a while . the start is better than the rest . still , it was still pretty good so watch it anyway !
 I really loved this movie , and so did my 11-year-old daughter ... this is truly one of the great movies of all time . Of course it 's not quite as long as the book , but the book was written in a time when people had almost no entertainment , and would spend several hours a day reading . These are different times , and this movie is perfect for our times - even though it is older than I am !
 I 've had this on vhs for a long time and I really wanted to switch to a dvd . Of course , noone but Amazon had it . Got a good price on it , received it in a short time period and it 's in perfect condition . Very good version of this story , and I have three versions . This is my fav !
 My purchase of this movie was a good choice . It arrived quickly and in excellent condition . This version of David Copperfieldis true to Charles Dickens ' book . The powerful emotions of each character , not to mention the likeability -LRB- or hateability ? -RRB- of the charactersmakes this movie a moving and great choice for any buyer .
 I happen to be a huge period piece buff , and David Copperfield is so rich with characters . Perfect for showing off the acting chops ~ and the acting in this version is top notch . Uriah Heep is one of the smarmiest characters in literature and watching his character in this adaption made my flesh crawl . Perfect !
 This performance is wonderful from beginning to end . The characters are true to the book yet the actors bring freshness and depth to them . A perfect New Years Eve watch .
 This story is such a classic that anyone must know it without having ever read it , just like me . Peggotty has been an old friend of mine since junior high school but never had I opened the book , though I have the complete works of Charles Dickens in my library , and never had I seen any screen adaptation of it before tonight . So I just discovered this fine story in my old age , and in a way I regret it.Of course there are orphans and in this case even , David Copperfield is orphaned before his birth . Of course there are step parents who are absolutely obnoxious and brutal . Of course there is a school for boys who are treated like dogs and beaten like trash . Of course there are strict and painful social situations that lead to prison , begging , being robbed and whatever you can imagine , especially when you are a nice young boy , too pure to be true and too nave to be serious.But even the factory in which David Copperfield is forced to work at the early age of ten or eleven looks like paradise when compared with the stepfather and his dear sister , two goal-keepers and nothing else . And that 's the miracle of Dickens . He transforms an absolutely bleak situation into a rose garden , or if you prefer the crazy crushing life of a boy into a school for gentility and success.That 's the mystery and miracle Dickens cultivates in all his books . No matter how horrible life may be , and be sure he remained discreet about the worst details , he turns it into a happy ending and a success story . And that 's how a forlorn and abandoned orphan will be able to cut a position for himself under the sun and in society.People could say Dickens was a blind optimist , but he was not blind at all and knew about the sinister life we live in . We could say he is a hypocrite writing stories about the dregs of society to sell them to and make money from the rich and wealthy minority that could read and afford the serials or books , and what 's more to cover up with happy endings the terrible fate of most working people and children in this Victorian society . And we would be wrong.Dickens ' books are a testimony of what Victorian society was and a great lesson given to those who had and still have the power and the money necessary to change things that change can not be stopped because there will always be a few who will be strong enough or lucky enough to climb up to a position from which they may influence the world . In fact he thinks he is one of these and he is telling us book after book the same story of the enterprising young man who will change the world with his words and mind.It is optimistic for sure but heart warming even more , and this BBC adaptation is just perfect as for that brittle equilibrium between social criticism and human advancement.Dr Jacques COULAREDEAU
 This is by far my favorite version of this much loved story but was disappointed that they had edited out the scence where David , as an adult and successful author , publicly confronts the Murdstones when they attend one of his lectures .
 I love this little boy and enjoyed watching the scenes unfold in every part of this story .
 I wondered how they could cover the story in this limited amount of time , but they did well . The actors were excellent and believable . I loved the beautiful outdoor settings , including the city streets . I judge quite a bit by what they do with Dora , Agnes , and Uriah Heep . They did well . I do n't think Charles Dickens readers will be too disappointed . I loved it !
 SPOILERS FOLLOWThis Masterpiece Theater treatment of Dickens ' classic and most personal book `` David Copperfield '' boasts a cast which is nearly uniformly excellent . Bob Hoskins , Imelda Staunton , Maggie Smith , Ian McKellan , and a very young Daniel Radcliffe are only some of the gifted actors plying their trade to bring the classic story to life.While casting is strong , the quality of the written adaptation suffers as it pares down Dickens ' tome in all of the wrong places . This is undoubtedly due to the production being a miniseries rather than a full-blown film . Still , the demands of brevity which a miniseries imposes were met much more successfully in a 2005 rendering of `` Bleak House , '' another adaptation of a famously lengthy Dickens saga . To give examples of storytelling shortcomings in this production , Uriah Heep is shorn of most of his storyline , though the magnetic oiliness of the character still comes through in a remarkable performance by Nicholas Lyndhurst . Additionally , the Murdstones , who form a brilliant Alpha and Omega thematic line for David in the book are completely forgotten in the second half of this miniseries.Also featuring a charming Ian MacNiece as the simpleminded and wise Mr. Dick , this production of `` David Copperfield '' retains a hearty intelligence which mostly overcomes a poorly adapted screenplay .
 This was a superb product with several well known actors , such as Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- `` Harry Potter '' -RRB- , Maggie Smith -LRB- `` Harry Potter '' and `` Hook '' -RRB- , and Bob Hoskins -LRB- `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' -RRB- . The story flows well and can easily be compared to a Hallmark production . The movie is about 3 hours long.The story itself is heart wrenching and similar to `` Nickolas Nickleby . '' If you are looking for romance watch Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice . '' There is romance in this story , but it more of a story about David Copperfield 's birth to maturity and the lessons he learned about life along the way . Typical of most Charles Dickens ' novels , the story is full of minor characters and subplots , all of which just makes the story even more interesting.Daniel Radcliffe plays the young David Copperfield , while Ciaran McMenamin was the adult David Copperfield . I noticed that some reviewers primarily liked the first half of movie with Daniel Radcliffe . I personally liked Ciaran McMenamin 's performance . Also note that the romance is in the 2nd half of the movie.I think that the problem is this
 My fears that this would be another Dickensian yawn turned out to be 100 % wrong . After a few minutes of this glorious adaption , I was hooked . It has an all-star cast with Maggie Smith , Ian McCellan , Bob Hoskins , Trevor Eve and so on , and they are all so obviously having an absolute ball of time playing up the wonderful characters of the Dickens novel . Even if you know this novel backwards and are jaded with 19th century literature , watch this stunning , compelling version and be rejuvenated . The BBC made a number of marvellous adaptions of classic novels in the 1990s , including Pride and Prejudice , Middlemarch and Martin Chuzzlewitt -LRB- for the latter , it 's hard to imagine a more riveting version of the novel being possible - it 's so good -RRB- , and this version of David Copperfield is up there too . A great way to experience Dickens .
 Though I agree with the person who said that this movie is another example of the ` dumbing down the people ' , I suppose that reviewer has never actually READ ` David Copperfield . ' While it is an intriguing book , it 's hard to get into if you do n't pay strict attention . It 's definitely for advanced readers . Major parts are cut out of the movie , like his stay at his aunt 's lawyer 's house and some other things , but its not to dumb anyone down , its to prevent the movie from being five hours long . Remember , in England , kids Daniel 's age ca n't work for very long . Its much easier and cheaper to make a short movie that hits the important parts than a long movie that pulls in every little detail.I hit upon this remake one night and fell in love with it . I did n't realize until about 45 minutes into it that the kid who plays young David is actually Daniel Radcliffe . In my own opinion , I think he actually does better in this movie than in the Potter movie . He holds his own against the seasoned actors around him , and shines through in the first part . Unfortunately , I was unable to catch the second part , and therefor am unable to review it . I 'm sure that it is as great as the first . I 'd like to buy the tapes , but if anyone would like to sell me their copy , I 'd be GREATLY interested . My e-mail is musesofstarz@yahoo.com . Thank you .
 Time and again , Charles Dickens was asked to write an autobiography , but the fear of revisiting painful childhood memories prevented him from doing so . The closest he ever got to writing about his youth was in `` David Copperfield '' , in which he recounts the life of a young man -LRB- closely modelled on himself -RRB- , who is thwarted by cruel circumstance but ultimately transformed by love and fortune.The idyllic childhood of young David Copperfield -LRB- played as a child by Daniel Radcliffe and for the remainder of the miniseries by Ciaran McMenamin -RRB- comes to a crashing end , when his beautiful , widowed mother Clara -LRB- Emilia Fox -RRB- decides to marry Mr Murdstone -LRB- Trevor Eve -RRB- . Hovering like a pair of destructive vultures , Murdstone and his sister -LRB- Zoe Wanamaker -RRB- pack David off to a macabre boarding school and subsequently drive heartbroken Clara into an early grave.Now orphaned , David goes to work at Murdstone 's blacking factory in London , where he is taken under-wing by Mr Micawber -LRB- Bob Hoskins -RRB- , a charming rogue who is constantly in demand with the debt-collectors . Realising David 's precarious place as a lone child in London , Micawber urges him to seek out his only living relative - Aunt Betsey Trotwood -LRB- Dame Maggie Smith -RRB- , who lives with her eccentric companion Mr Dick -LRB- Ian McNeice -RRB- in Dover . Horrified Betsey assumes legal guardianship of David once she learns of the Murdstones ' abuse , and determines to raise him as a young gentleman of great prospects . Back in London , he trains as a clerk , but is sidetracked by his infatuation for the lovely Dora Spenlow -LRB- Joanna Page -RRB- . As the threads and figures of David 's childhood begin to mingle and merge in his current life -LRB- often with heartbreaking and disastrous results -RRB- , David must find a way to reconcile the events of the past in order to find happiness in the future.This most delightful , soul-stirring and often intensely moving of Dickens ' works is given a solid screen treatment in the BBC 's masterful 1999 2-part miniseries . I can not find a single fault , except perhaps that I wished it was longer ! The BBC 's literary and costume dramas are often amongst the best of the best , and here , their casting department has gone into overdrive , furnishing the production with an extensive gallery of talents from stage and screen to portray the roster of Dickens creations - Pauline Quirke as Peggotty , Imelda Staunton as Mrs Micawber , Dawn French as Mrs Crupp , Nicholas Lyndhurst as Uriah Heep , Alun Armstrong as Dan Peggotty and Sir Ian McKellan as Creakle , to name just a few.Just a year away from his `` Harry Potter '' superstardom , Daniel Radcliffe gives a lovely performance as young David with a deep feeling for the part -LRB- the keyhole scene with Peggotty is heartbreaking -RRB- . Ciaran McMenamin 's bookending older David is just as delightful . Dame Maggie Smith was born to play Aunt Betsey and you 'll want to stand up and cheer when she cuts the Murdstones ' down to size!A master-class in how to adapt a classic novel and make it fresh again for the small screen , this DAVID COPPERFIELD is one to treasure . My highest recommendation .
 This was the version my kids wanted because it had Daniel Radcliffe in it -LRB- he 's ADORABLE !! -RRB- and the whole production was top-notch . Maggie Smith was superb and Ian McKellen appropriately terrifying . There are so many familiar actors in this version that it 's a great introduction to Dickens for 21st century kids . Do n't miss it !
 There are many reasons to watch this excellent film
 I am a private tutor who teaches classes in British and American literature , and I have never been so thrilled as when I came across this version of David Copperfield . The Brit Lit classes I teach are surveys , and everyone knows that in a survey class , there 's just not enough time to read everything . You kind of have to hit the high points and move on.Which is why excellent video productions of great literature are so much appreciated by me and other teachers . The actual novel David Copperfield is a thick , weighty book ; if it were presented in class , the students would have to read it at such a pace , they 'd hardly be able to enjoy it . That 's where this DVD comes in.This production is absolutely wonderful . The star-packed cast takes the movie forward from the very first scene and does not stop through all of David 's joys and sorrows until the lovely happy ending . The sets , scenery and costuming are perfect.Have plenty of tissues available , though , because , like the novel , this movie will move you to both sad and happy tears . Classes will not be bored by this wonderful film , and neither will your family .
 I saw this on PBS several years back and hoped and anxiously awaited for it to come out on CD . When it did , I quickly made the purchase and have not been disappointed . Wonderfully done film .
 I really enjoyed watching this movie . I think every part was cast perfectly . Daniel Radcliffe is absolutely adorable . Mr and Miss , Murdstone are perfect . Exactly as I imagined . Mr and Mrs. Mcawber , Uriah Heep , Mr. creakle , Mr. Dick and of course Miss. . Trotwood are brilliant . I highly recommend this to anyone . They cut some of the slower parts but kept in my three favorite parts
 Radcliff did a super job as did the whole cast . A typical Dickens story . Well worth the journey and time to watch this movie . Give 's a great insight to what life was about during the early 19th century . Maggie Smith was also in the Harry Potter movies and again did a great job .
 Good Charles Dickens movie , Fast shipping , product as advertised . You should read the book to get a real good understanding of David Copperfield .
 My wife & I both have read &#34; David Copperfiled &#34; for the first time recently . The movie gave faces to the interesting characters described by Dickens & summarized the story in an interesting way . I will be reading more of Charles Dickens in the future .
 This is a two-part BBC version of a Dickens ' novel of the same name . David was born three months after the death of his father , of the same name . Great-Aunt Betsey Trotwood arrived at the home anticipating a girl , is horrified that it 's a boy , and immediately leaves . David grows up loved and cared for by his mother and their maid . However , when David is eight his mother marries a stern man who dislikes David and quickly dominates the household . When the stepfather canes David for being unable to answer difficult homework question , David bites him severely and is sent to an abusive boarding school.David 's mother dies and David is then sent to work in a London black ink factory while living with one of the stepfather 's friend . This man treats David like his own son but ends up in a debtor 's prison and can no longer house David . David runs away to Dover in the hope that Betsey Trotwood will take him in . Surprisingly , she does and is very supportive to David . He completes his schooling while staying with a friend of Betsey 's -LRB- Mr. Wickfield -RRB- , and then is apprenticed to a lawyer as a clerk.Eventually David marries Dora , the lawyer 's daughter , who turns out to be an ` airhead . ' David then realizes he 's loved Agnes Wickfield all along , and they marry . The movie ends with the birth of their third child - a girl . Betsey Trotwood 's wish had finally come true , and David pursues his writing career with increasing success .
 Dickens is always good -- this miniseries captured the essence of the book . The humor , the melancholoy , the bleak and the brightness . The characterizations were perfect . Whole-heartedly recommend this miniseries .
 This was a great rendition from the book as I remember it . Very good acting . I truly can not say anything other than just how very good it is .
 We have owned this movie & I will say again , it 's A movie you can watch & re-watch . Not feeling well & want to be joyfully entertained . this is the one
 I loved this series . Peggoty was just as I imagined her to be . Having purchased this I am sure I will watch it again and again !
 This was without a doubt the best adaptation of David Copperfield I have ever seen . The cast was wonderful . Everything about it was excellent . I highly recommend this movie .
 This is a great adaptation of , in my opinion , Dicken 's best novel . It has good acting , a decent script , and while there are always parts from the book you wish had n't been cut out it pretty much encompasses the story well . I love this version . I do n't know if I will ever be able to bring myself to watch the American version .
 What a treat this movie was ! Especially seeing Daniel Radcliffe 's first role here before he hit puberty ! I was also pleasantly surprised to see Maggie Smith -LRB- she plays Professor McGonagall in the Harry Potter movies -RRB- here as well ; she was excellent as David Copperfield 's no-nonsense , but loving , caring great-aunt . I laughed at Betsy 's crowing * No donkeys here * to shoo away the donkeys from her yard . Daniel did a wonderful , shining job here as young David Copperfield ; you can actually tell David 's really suffering under his cruel stepfather 's rule and Daniel does a fine job portraying the anguish . Daniel really did a good job with the weeping scenes , esp . when he cries at the scene of finding out that awful Murdstone 's his new stepfather ; you can actually see tears in his big eyes . I just loved the sad-eyed , slanted-browed look Daniel perfected in this movie ; it made me just want to hug him . Daniel 's sooo cute and I love how dramatic he is ! The scenes were historically accurate too , esp . the blacking factory and the debtors ' prison and the squalor of those places is very vivid too . They do a good job also making Daniel a nice mess working in the blacking factory and when he arrives at his aunt Betsy 's house ; you could see that poor David 's been through hell and back . Just seeing this movie endears me to Daniel Radcliffe even more ; Daniel 's a very interesting person I 'm curious about . Well done !
 By enlarge , a refreshing aspect of this film is the quality of acting and the casting for the parts of Dickens characters . Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- of Harry Potter fame -RRB- does a good job of young David Copperfield , seeming to bring the innocence and mistrust to the boy who hopes for a better future . Maggie Smith does a superb job of playing David 's aunt , Betsey Trotwood , capturing the dimensionality expected of a character who first rejects , then accepts David into her life.The film exemplifies the mood of Dickens ' work . David endures quite a troublesome and painful existence as a child , either being neglected or treated maliciously by his cold , callus stepfather , Mr. Murdstone . After David also has difficulties in school , and then is robbed and left penniless , he takes a chance on his aunt for help . There is a wonderful scene where Betsey has a confrontation with Murdstone , who is trying to gain custody of David , and ends up telling him to leave.There are other characters who represent bright spots in David 's life , such as Clara Peggotty -LRB- David 's nanny -RRB- , Mr. Peggotty , Mr. Micawber , and David 's true love , Agnes Wickfield . Agnes represents a true soul for David 's troubled life , as she listens to David 's concerns and is always there for him in his times of desperation , even while he is married to the child-like Dora.A prevalent aspect of Dickens-based works is the idea that those who have difficult stations in life can rise up to bigger and better things if they struggle along and find their way . We see this subject captured in David Copperfield , and the bitter aspects of his life are all a part of the journey to overcoming , and having hope for the future.If there is one beef with this film , it is the pacing . As one reviewer mentioned , the second part of the film tends to wane a little , and does n't quite have the same impact as the first half . Still , this does n't take away from the over all impact of the film.Dickens once said that , of all novels , David Copperfield was his `` child , '' because it was close to home , and nearest to his life . I think he would be satisfied with this film effort . I think you will too !
 It was with great hesitation that I purchased this film , feeling that this rendition would be less desirous than others that came before . But as the opening credits began , I watch as if I had never heard the story told . The cast is exquisite , from the young David Radcliffe , with his insightful ability to contain emotion in such young eyes , to the infamous Maggie Smith , whom always rises to the occasion.I went to my duty of watching this film , completely stocked in popcorn and soda , but alas , it seems that I forgot the tissues.Each character was beautifully displayed , with background and wholeness that is lacking in so many other movies based upon the works of countless , talented authors . But with this film , you feel as though you love them as well . What good can come of the story , if you do not know the people in them?I suspect that you will in time , hold them dear to your own heart as closely as `` Davie '' holds them to his . You will wonder of the intentions of David Copperfield 's childhood friends , and delighted in the new friends that come into his life.It is a movie , I will watch again , and again , if for nothing more than to visit my old friends !
 I watched Part I with my 8 year old daughter . She absolutely loved it and so did I . It was so visual and captivating that she watched the whole 90 minutes in one go , even though she originally had said that she was only going to watch 30 minutes of it . I hope she will read the book in due time . I saw Part II by myself -LRB- I did n't let my daughter see it because I think she is too young to relate to it much -RRB- . I think Part II was also very good although a bit choppier than the Part I -LRB- eg . the wickedness of Heep was not very fully developed -RRB- . Overall though I still enjoyed the movie .
 I watched this with my daughter who prefers stories with easier language but she was crazy about this production and asked to get a copy of her own DVD . Very understandable because of the excellent acting but also very faithful to the story . Beautiful settings , and great costumes , this is the Masterpiece THeater production and keeps up the tradition well.I would recommend , especially for families with kids being introduced to DIckens .
 David Copperfield is quite simply a phenonmenal book . It shows Dickens at his best in creating characters and a plot that masterfully combines comedy , tragedy , intrigue and the joys and sorrows of life . Like other reviewers , I approached this film adaptation concerned that it simply would not be able to maintain those high standards.I was pleasantly surprised . The casting was very appropriate , I ca n't think of one character that was not well portrayed . The filming and music were engaging and the sets very well chosen and designed . And the film moved along at a good pace . -LRB- Even my seven year old enjoyed it the whole way through . -RRB- To keep the film to 3 hours some characters and incidents were left out , but this was done sensitively so the story does not seem at all disjointed.I have one criticism that prevented me giving 5 stars . Author Russell Baker appeared giving quite a good introduction to the story . But why , oh why did he have to pop up again just before the final music/credits ? Literally , just before the movie ends it fades out , he appears and talks about it for a few minutes , and then it fades back to the final music . This was totally inappropriate and if we had not fast-forwarded him in disbelief , it would have stolen something from the atmosphere and sweet after-taste of an extremely engaging and heart-tugging production.Go ahead and buy this version . You will not regret it .
 Get your hankies out for the first part of this movie . Daniel Radcliffe is the young David Copperfield . This is a 2 video set and is quite long . A 2 nighter for some . Young David , who later became Harry Potter , was surpurb in this film . His acting ability was excelent . Even when I first saw this movie on tv and did n't know who Danny was I enjoyed it . His acting ability at such a young age was so great you felt what he was portraing . That 's why I said get your hankies out for the first half of this movie . MAGGIE SMITH is in it also in this movie .
 Not the for tiny tots , but definately a family movie . Children 10 and older will get a lot of good lessons from watching this . The cast is top-notch and the acting is superb . A young Daniel Radcliff -LRB- of ` Harry Potter ' fame -RRB- , plays the younger David Copperfield . Bob Hoskins is in purhaps his finest role ever.Dickens stories are filled with life 's lessons , and -LRB- aside from ` Nicholas Nickleby ' -RRB- , this one is just about the best . Highly recommended . ***** Stars !
 Although not yet available , I was able to see this on PBS . I was so happy to see it will be available from Amazon . A great production which shows why this novel has become such a classic . I think that the actors really made the characters come to life and I really got caught up in the what was going on with everyone . Check it out !
 David Copperfield is a wonderful BBC miniseries which boasts an all-star cast -- Maggie Smith , Bob Hoskins , Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- a young Harry Potter ! -RRB- , and Emilia Fox , just to name a few . It is a first-rate production and should appeal to a wide audience -LRB- very family friendly -RRB- . In David Copperfield viewers see young David grow from a helpless child abused by his stepfather to a self assured young man . Along the way there are storylines filled with some of the most vivid and interesting supporting characters in literature
 Part 1 is fine , but ... hang the expense ... remake the second part starting from when Daniel Radcliffe gives way to that other fellow . Of course , all the voice-over narration will have to be redone by him , too . This should be done within the next several years while Daniel is the right age for the young adult David Copperfield . So , the older actors will be 10-15 years older than when the earlier scenes were filmed ? Save on aging makeup , and anyone who can do plays over and over can do a movie twice . The younger actors will have aged same as Daniel . They were great ; bring 'em back to reprise their roles . They will look more like their younger selves than some other person . Recreate the sets if necessary/possible , and no doubt the costumes still exist ? If something ca n't be recreated , rewrite the scenes as necessary , or digital alteration does wonders to delete anyone and insert Daniel into scenes he was n't originally in.IT 'S A MOVEMENT ! LET 'S SPREAD IT STARTING HERE AND NOW!The movie is beautifully done and near-perfect in capturing at least an essence of the book , though of course it can never fully measure up to the book . For those complaining it was too short , agreed , in some ways it was a skeletonized version of the book . Perhaps unused footage featuring young Daniel could be rescued from a cutting-room vault , and a more detailed script featuring adult Daniel could expand the film to two or three times the length and do better justice to the story.Now , for technical details . Is anyone else 's DVD picture vertically scrunched -LRB- elongated -RRB- ? Is there any way this can be fixed so this particular DVD plays right without messing up the TV picture for everything else ? Thanks for any help on this .
 As a lover of the novel , I began to watch this with a bit of scepticism . However , I soon realized that it was a top-notch production and I settled down into it and greatly enjoyed it . I highly recommend this DVD and will be buying it soon .
 This is my favourite movie , next being the Harry Potter movies !! I have not read any of Dicken 's books but this movie was the BEST !! Everything about it is SO brilliant !! Daniel Radcliffe portrays his character PERFECTLY !! I personally found the first half better then the second but the whole thing is just wonderful !! If you have n't seen this movie you are missing out on ALOT !! THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIE !!!!
 The BBC adaptation of David Copperfield is nothing short of excellent . The one thing that makes it so terriffic is the role of young David played by Daniel Radcliffe . Daniel is more recognized as the beloved wizard Harry Potter . This movie was a wonderful start to his career . The movie also has some great names sharing the credits including Maggie Smith , Bob Hoskins and Zoe Wanamaker . If you want to see a movie with Britan 's finest in action , see David Copperfield .
 Well , I only love this because clasic literature rocks and Charles Dickens rocks , and DANIEL RADCLIFFE IS A CUTEY PIE ! Also it is and inspirational story of the life and times of the character David Copperfield .
 Though he does a great job , the real star is Maggie Smith who plays his great-aunt ! She does n't get enough credit for her small role but the scene where she meets with David 's stepfather and step-aunt is enough for me to buy this dvd it . Absolutely an incredible performance !
 I recently watched a Charles Dicken 's Documentary on Television , March 5 which showed bit 's and Pieces of movie clips from his books , and would like to say that from what i have seen , David Copperfield is an excellent movie to watch , I will be recommending this movie to everyone i know , and mention that it 's something they should watch , it very touching , even though i have n't seen it in full yet , Daniel Radcliffe is a very good actor .
 If any English Teachers out there are wondering what movie they should play in class next , this is a must . It kept my class of 8W on their seats . As a teenager I thought it would be another boring English Movie . But it was n't . I enjoyed it because it was bursting with adventure and the story line was always moving along . David was the most lovable character . He was a good role model because even when the tough times were really tough he kept his chin up . There are many lovable characters but with this there are many dislikeable characters . I gave this a four star because of it 's lack in balance . There were to many bad times and not enough good . All teachers should get this for there class .
 In this indy crime thriller the mousey young wife of a small time book publisher finds herself being pursued by a scary , but definitely intriguing , sampling of Montreal 's underworld . As the walls close in she discovers a new side of herself , and her resourcefulness is one of this movie 's pleasant surprises.Lots of plot twists -LRB- perhaps too many -- this is a movie you have to watch carefully -RRB- . Lots of action for a french-language film . Solid three-dimensional characters . The famale lead was a bit wooden at times , but the French seem to like stone-faced performances from their young actresses . Two of the hoodlums chasing our heroine had undeniable screen charm and almost stole the show.I recommend it .
 It 's a good movie -- despite being a Canadian production , it could not help smelling very French . It did have suspense and in the end , kind of expected melodrama . I am dissatisfied with the female character though . I mean , what kind of idiot of a man gets to marry a biaatch like that . ha ha . Could not help the previous B word.The movie did have a question about love -- the end definition of it I guess entails being understood and accepted despite of the situation.Enjoy it . However , if you pass , that wo n't be too much of a loss either .
 WOLVES IN THE SNOW begins with the news that Antoine has been cuckolding Lucie for years . A violent marital argument ensues resulting in Antoine 's death . After lying about Antoine 's whereabouts , Lucie discovers his secret life of gangsters , money laundering , and violence . Followed , threatened and badgered by the gangsters , Lucie becomes trapped by her deceit . The body of Antoine disappears , other corpses appear , and the money , very quickly , becomes only the pretext of an alarming turn of events.SPECIAL FEATURES : BiographiesClosed CaptionedThis month 's Short Film
 As a long time fan of Gale Harold 's , it 's been a privilege to watch him develop into an amazing actor.And quite fascinating to watch Mr. Harold portray a racist , confederate flag waving redneck , since the film character represents the polar opposite of Mr. Harold 's personal views.Powerful story , beautiful cinematography . Would have given it 5 stars if it were n't for Michelle Clunie 's somewhat over-the-top performance .
 A movie starring no one I 'd ever heard of , written by an unknown , and directed by an unknown . I rented it on an impulse on one of those days when nothing seemed available at the video store ... and am so glad I did.From an opening sequence suggesting that the ending is a foregone conclusion to the introduction of characters who make intense first impressions as two-dimensional stereotypes , `` The Unseen '' gradually shifts to a tension-filled tale packed with character study and action often as much psychological as physical . The plot moves more or less methodically , gathering in strength and intensity as it leads to its climax -LRB- a few murky moments are my only quibble -RRB- . Tension builds , matters come to a head ... and when the payoff comes , it 's most definitely Not What It Seems time . Expect a couple of surprises , perhaps more , depending on how much thought you 've given to each character . None , it seems , are what the viewer has assumed they were through the entire film ... a truly eerie experience which remains with me long after the final fadeout . As to what `` The Unseen '' is ... well , you 'll see ... or perhaps not.This is not a `` happily ever after '' movie -- indeed , the ending leaves several matters troublingly -LRB- and possibly deliberately -RRB- unresolved . There are a few echoes of William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren , but this is very much a story of the here and now , a tale of the prejudices of its audience as much as those of its characters . If you let them get in the way , chances are you wo n't get through this film -- and that would be a true shame.No director in recent memory has accomplished so much with a camera , simple location filming and perhaps a dozen actors . A monument perhaps to the power of economy in the hands of a capable artist .
 I bought The Unseen , only because Gale Harold was in it . I am a HUGE fan of his ! But I was pleasantly surprised at just how good this film was . My hat is off to Lisa France for direction . Well done ! Gale Harold did an awesome job with his character , Harold . I have rednecks in my family , dated them and even married one . So I know a redneck when I see one ! Gale had it down perfect . The most PHENOMENAL acting goes to Phillip Bloch ! I was blown away with his performance ! He was hilarious trying to climb out the window ! It must have been somewhat difficult playing blind and keeping his eyes rolled up in his head like that . Michelle Clunie , in MHO did an excellent job as well . Several other reviewers said she was ` too over the top ' . I thought she did great . And with Michelle and Gale both being on Queer as Folk , I saw not one tiny trace , what-so-ever , of Mel and Brian . They put those characters on the shelf , and played two , new characters , totally different and refreshing . I am glad I bought this DVD for my ever growing collection .
 wow!i was not expecting this movie to be so great but it was . i only got it because gale harold was in it but it really surprised me.it starts of with harold being mean and nasty , but when he is in a fire he shows is true self and finally forgives roy -LRB- even though roy never did anything intentionally -RRB- . if you like haertfelt movies than this movie is for you .
 Bought this movie as I am a fan of GALE HAROLD . WoW ! what a powerful story . Gale was so well cast in this roleas he is such an intense actor . Sad story - nobody won in the end but , as with his Queer as Folk role , Gale was not afraid to take on a difficult topic . It was funny to see Michelle Clunie acting with him in a totally different roll . The other actors made this whole story believeable . I found myself laughing in some parts and actually crying in others . I would recommend you buy but be warned the topic of child abuse is not for everyone .
 Not a great film , but a good film overall . The plot deals with how people can misinterpret what they think they saw , andhow this can affect them and others for their entire lives . This is one of those films where past secrets are revealed atthe end that explain the motivations of the characters that may seem strange when first viewed . Powerful ending to arather slow moving film overall .
 this movie shows amazing actors hiding bad memories . when those memories back the tragedy is inevitable , cause you ca n't live protect from your past .
 I saw The Unseen at the Denver Film Festival years ago . I followed Gale Harold through Queer as Folk , picked up Wake , an excellent portrayal by him , and Particles of Truth . Each one a story about damaged people . Each about the interactions of the main characters who hide in one way or another.As other reviewers have stated , The Unseen is not a feel good movie , however , it will stay with you long after the last frame appears on screen . Introducing three characters who are childhood friends and the southern town where they live , or do n't live , makes you wonder just how this story of blindness and not just of the eyes , prejudice , and not just racial , and transformation of the three main characters , whose lives have interwoven beyond the limits of their town , came to be . The settings become characters that exert an influence far beyond what you 'd expect.It will leave you pondering for a long time about the characters , the setting and the film . The direction is well done , the script excellent , the acting also , and the interaction , as it builds with the three main characters , is well worth the wait for the stunning climax . I found the film real which is my test for a good movie . See it.It 's hard for me to say more about the plot without giving too much away . I was stunned when the lights came up in the theater and continued that way for a few days after when I thought of the film.What I found the most profound about the film is the interaction and influence each of the characters have on one another , and what one event in a life can do to the people who experience it . The ensemble acting , the minor characters are wonderfully portrayed and made in a very short time , it far surpasses the time it took to film it.Just writing this review makes me want to see it again , even though I was n't sure I would . Read the other reviews to find out about the plot .
 I got this movie because Gale Harold was in it :--RRB- I thought the movie was good overall , but I did n't like the ending .
 I ordered this movie for a friend of mine for Christmas . She watched it ON DEMAND on TV and wanted to buy it , but Blockbuster , Movie Gallery and other stores in our area did not have it to rent or sale . She went on Amazon and found it . I ordered 2 , one for her and one for me . It is a great movie . The service at Amazon was also excellent . Thanks for everything .
 Length :
 I really LOVED this movie , really great actors.Story was so well done.Great to see Gale do such a different character.I would certainly recommend it others .
 The Gene Generation is a remarkable effort from Singaporian director Pearry Reginald Teo . The film has a great bio punk H.R.Giger feel . Faye Dunaway has a nifty cameo too . The reason to watch this film is Bai Ling ! She lights up the screen with a full range of awesome . The DVD has some really well done commentary tracks that should not be overlooked.Look out for the club scene with Combichrist . The video for `` Get your body beat '' is included on the DVD . It 's righteous!If you relate to Mr. Ellenwood , this movie is n't for you . For the rest of us ... Get a tub of popcorn ready and dim the lights . Lighten up and enjoy The Gene Generation.Buy it . *****
 For those would-be viewers keep in mind that there are those who have higher expectations to given movies while others have mental , emotional fun by merely watching all of the movie rather than parts of it based upon segregated scenes such as Oh WOW !! Check out that choreography , or the mixed colors and the great stunts . It 's up to you . It 's your state of mind . Not the person who writes the review . Watch the trailer ; if it catches your interest go for the watch . I usally look at whether the movie is worth the price charged by Amazon , iTune , etc. , if I liked the trailer . So have fun with it . It 's all Movie Magic ... right ?
 This film holds its own , stylistically . It 's a solid cult classic . There 's plenty that a person can criticize , about it -- plot inconsistencies , weak story line development -LRB- a significant part of the story is developed in the trailer-like sequence , at the start of the film , for instance -RRB- , overall quality of performances -- but seriously , Ling Bai 's performance carries this film.It does n't look like it was made to fit into the Academy , and that 's well enough -- not every film needs to cater to the Academy.This film is a brave work , imminently watchable -LRB- by adults , namely . Notice the rating -RRB- . It 's definitely a likable work , which could be regarded as being pretty rare , in it genre . For all the challenges of the work , it 's never obnoxious.It has a solid soundtrack , too -- solid , if you 're a fan of Combichrist , which I happen to be.This film is sure to become recognized as a cult classic . I 'd recommend it as a dark-fun sort of sci-fi/horror flick , easily .
 I am an older student who just finished my first year of law school . The film is right on when it depicts the battle for your soul -- will you be master of your fate and choose to do the work , or will you be driven by fear and insecurity and be enslaved to it ? I experienced a little of both , and I do not want to spoil the film by revealing more to any who are trying to decide whether to buy or rent it . I heartily recommend it to anyone struggling with a self-imposed challenge.I would have wished that the film show more of the process of learning to `` think like a lawyer '' and what that actually means - turning the facts of the case over and over , looking for points to the advantage of either side , and weighing the relative strength of those arguments . However , I do commend the film for showing a little bit of the feeling I quite unexpectedly experienced of being part of a line going back to the Magna Carta , examining the value of a human being and her freedom and the needs of society and searching for the ever-evolving meaning of justice.As for the relationship between Kingsfield and Hart -- my main professor was nothing like Kingsfield , but I did experience something eerily similar , right down to the last scene.One last aside-A previous reviewer noted the absence of the Carbolic Smoke Ball case from his edition of West -- it is certainly in mine and is a very important case with regard to defining the law of a public offer .
 The Paper Chase is truly an outstanding movie . Much of the greatness of this movie is the performance of John Housemann as the great Professor Charles Kingsfield . Professor Kingsfield comes alive . It is difficult to think of Professor Kingsfield as a fictional figure as a result of Housemann 's portrayal . The acting and writing are all quite good . It is a movie I would recommend to everyone.Roger B Baskin
 The amazing thing about this movie is that every single character reminds you of a student in your 1L class , no matter where you went to law school . There 's always one guy who is a rote genius but ca n't hack it as an analyst . There 's always some guy who writes a 200-page outline . There 's always some guy who thinks his study group is too special to let academic pedestrians get a free ride . And then there 's you in the middle . I 'm in law school , but I do n't think I would know that without this movie .
 This is one of the best performances of John Houseman . The movie is thought provoking , pensive , stressful and intellectually rewarding . These are rare combinations for movies made in the last 30 years . It captivates the competitive spirit of an academic setting much akin to what can be seen in great sports movies . You will not regret this choice .
 XXXXX `` Look , he 's got you scared to death . Oh , you 're going to pass because you 're the kind the law school wants . You 'll get your little diploma , your piece of paper that 's no different from this and you can stick it in your silver box with all the other paper in your life
 AS I said Chase this Paper down , it is worth it if you love great films!This small film won actor/producer John Houseman his best supporting Oscar for his playing the character of Professor Kingsfield . I start off with that fact because you can see this fact while the film unfolds before you . This movie is John Houseman tout de force all the way . Kingsfield plays a teacher 's teacher . . he runs the students thru their paces.Timothy Bottoms plays Hart , a young law student who is dazed by all the excitement of his first year . He meets Susan -LRB- who isa played by a very young , prew-Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner -RRB- who Hart finds out is Kingsfield 's daughter.It is an amazing character study of the first year of law school and those who teach them . Note this film also has the talents of James Naughton and Edward Herrmann in their early tv/film careers.Worth every second of film . It barely date himself , and it was released in 1973Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film and it 's a shame we do n't see films of this caliber coming out of Hollywood anymore . I highly recommend it as well as the TV series that followed . Great cast in both !
 This is one of my favorite movies and showcases a fabulous performance by John Houseman , who was asked at the last minute to act the part . Other stars , including James Mason , John Gielgud , and Edward G. Robinson had been asked to take the lead but refused , so finally director James Bridges asked his mentor Houseman to take the role . And Houseman won an Oscar for it as Best Supporting Actor ! He fills the role with dignity and intellect and thoroughly intimidates Timothy Bottoms starring as an eager law student from Minnesota . The film is also the debut of Lindsay Wagner , see mostly doing mattress commercials these days , but she really is a good actress . The film is set at Harvard Law School but since the school hated the publicity from `` Love Story '' , also set on the famous Cambridge campus , most of `` Paper Chase '' was filmed in Toronto . The movie has many touching and amusing moments and carries you along briskly to the end where the filmmakers finally hit a false note . I understand what the characters were doing but it struck me as out of character and I never found the ending very satisfying . That said , the film still has so much to offer including a fun score by John Williams from early in his brilliant career . The supporting cast is uniformly fine and this is a movie I enjoying watching again and again .
 This film , which centers around the first year in a class of contract law at Harvard , is one of the very few I know which makes you want to study , whatever subject it is that you are studying , and to be like the main character , James Hart , played superbly by Timothy Bottoms . The suspense in The Paper Chase is whether or not he and the members of his group of study will manage to pass under the overpowering rule of professor Charles Kingsfield , which is a truly unforgettable character and made the actor John Houseman win an Oscar for Best Supporting Role . Believe me , you have to see him to believe him , there are no accurate descriptions adequate enough to tell you how good he is . I also very much like the fact that being this a film about the study of law , it does n't deal with criminal law , which any one might have think was the more interesting subject of that career . Instead , it deals with Contract Law , which I , before seeing this picture , would have thought was a very boring subject . This shows that you can make something good out of any subject . Credit for that the director James Bridges -LRB- The China Sindrome , Urban Cowboy -RRB- , and the intelligent script by John Jay Osborne and James Bridges .
 This a good film . I 'm in law school and ironically enough , nearly everyone in law school has had a Professor Kingfield . I sure did , and she was my Contracts professor -LRB- they always seem to be the Contracts profs -RRB- . I guess Contracts is the whipping post for 1L indoctrination . Anyway , the 70 's look and feel to the film has a fun , nostalgic feel . The law school observations are dead-on . For example , the paranoia that one is smart but clearly not smart enough , a Contracts professor that speaks an entirely different language , paranoia over grades , the pathetic desire to impress one 's instructors , etc. . It 's all here . It is also true to life . Some of the plotting is jacked up for dramatic purposes -LRB- e.g. , the guy that wants to commit suicide because he is failing -RRB- , but it captures the spirit of law school . It 's entertaining too . Enjoy . It 's worth a look .
 A classic-and a must for any new law school student ! I heartily recommend this for family movie nights and for just good old fun .
 this was a christmas gift for my step-mom . she seems to really like it and it arrived on time . i do n't believe there are any real special features on it though .
 This movie may be nearly 40 years old , hair styles have changed , fashion styles have changed , and technology has changed , -LRB- pay phones and type writers -RRB- , but the premise about going to college is the same now as it was then .
 John Houseman was given an Academy Award for his portrayal of Professor Kingsfield in the movie version of Paper Chase and he certainly deserved it . I think he was even better in the television version of Paper Chase . Almost every graduate student in every college in the land has had a Professor that reminds them of Professor Kingsfield . No true-false or multiple choice for professors like Kingsfield . These professors will rip a student to shreds no matter what position the student takes on a question . When the professor gets the student to agree with his position , he will take the student 's original position.A professor at the University of Illinois was my &#34; Kingfield . &#34; He had individual one hour interviews with each student in the class at the end of the semester . His last question to me was &#34; Will you enroll in any more of my classes in the future &#34; , I replied that his class was outstanding and that I had learned more in that one class than all my other classes combined BUT I said I did n't know if my 23 year old heart could take it .
 I teach courses at a local university in Atlanta in Psychology and Law . I have a doctorate in psychology and a law degree . I show clips from this movie to those students who think they want to do the same thing . There are some very realistic classroom scenes that are still played out in law schools all over the country .
 I loved the TV series and continually look for an on-demand outlet that has it . After many unsuccessful searches that repeatedly came up with only the movie , I finally acquiesced to the movie Universe and decided to try it . After all , it still did have the ca n't - quite-hate-him-but-you-gotta-love-him John Houseman and an old adolescent hearth-throb , Lindsay Wagner . And it was a cheap rent.As expected , it was a pleasant , thought-provoking cerebral love story/boy meets himself stroll . Things are n't always what they seem . Ca n't judge a book by its cover . Sometimes it 's not what a teacher says to you but what he does to you . Education is n't limited to the classroom . Pick any sub theme -- it has plenty to ponder.The characterizations were pretty well-done , believable , and refreshingly deep . I 've seen , or been , those people , reacting similarly in similar situations.No skin or automatic weapons fire . No CG special effects or concussive surround-sounds . It is a perfect pick for a contemplative evening on a comfy couch.I 'll watch it again -- after The Italian Job .
 Picture perfect order . Came in a timely fashion as ordered . Could not have asked for an easier purchase . I will be sure to use them next time for any movie purchases .
 I saw this movie when it first came out in Hong Kong as a high school student . Along with a whole bunch of movies like Strawberry Statement , Woodstock , One Flew the Cuckoo 's Neck , etc. , I formed a very favorable opinion about the United States of America . For me then , the USA was a land where people fought deligently for truth , justice , and freedom . In fact , I was so inspired by the academic competitiveness and excellence as illustrated by this movie , I made up my mind that one day I would fly across the pacific ocean and pursued my higher learning there . I did come to the States in the late 70 's to start college , but by then , the students and the country had underwent so much changes , it almost became unrecognizable to me . Needless to say , I was very disillusioned .
 My ex dragged me to this flick -- my tastes at the time ran to James Bond , Eastwood , sci fi -- `` guy stuff '' . I had seen John Houseman in a number of TV guest roles and he was always typecast in `` arisocratic bad guy '' roles , the looming intimidating Brit or brahmin . The northeastern equivalent of the way Logan Ramsey always played Southern big shots who called you `` boy '' in that menacing tone . Timothy Bottoms had always struck me as the `` spare Ryan O'Neal '' and Lindsay Wagner was n't yet the Bionic Woman . So I was n't expecting much . Especially since neither I nor my ex were lawyer buffs.Bottoms stars as James Hart , a Harvard Law student who is getting into the phase where law school starts to really get tough . Where certain professors take on the aspects of deities . Wagner plays Hart 's girlfriend , as well as -LRB- unbeknownst to Hart until he 's getting serious about her -RRB- the daughter of his most feared professor Charles Kingsfield , played by this film 's real star John Houseman . He 's one of those classroom tyrants who verbally and coldly dissects students the way a Biology prof would do a frog . For example -LRB- no way am I going to drop a full-fledged `` spoiler '' in here -RRB- , watch for the scene where Kingsfield nails Hart 's classmate -LRB- and Kingsfield wannabe '' of his study group -RRB- , the oafish know-it-all Bell , who disagrees with the fairness of an inheritance law called `` The Dead Man Statute '' . I guarantee you will fall out laughing the way the rest of the class did at Kingsfield 's punch line . Houseman steals the whole show in the film in general , so much that a two-season TV series was spun off from this film , with Houseman billed as the lead . And of course we all remember his investment firm ads -- for the company that made money the old = fashioned way -- by EARNING it .
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies . John Houseman was amazing as Professor Kingsfield . I hope they are able to release it on Blu-ray .
 Always a great movie for incoming law students . Emphasizes the henious Socratic method . A bit dated .
 A `` pimp '' of a purchase for those who have ever heard of the movie & those who love great movies should take advantage of the lowest price out here .
 The professor is outstanding in this film . The story moves slowly and gets slower , which is too bad . The series which was produced based on the movie was much better .
 This movie shows the brutal truth about law school more accurately than any other movie made to this date . However , its rather old , and doesnt have much humor to it , so expect a bummed feeling after watching this movie . Its not one of those inspiring movies that leaves you happy or motivated .
 This movie does very accurately represent the first year of law school . I heard some great advice once
 Yeah , great film , holds up well over the years . But no Harvard law student would have thrown his unopened grades into the ocean . Particularly one that was as dedicated and competitive as Hart . It would be like a lawyer trying a case and leaving the courtroom before hearing the verdict . One can understand and , in a mercenary way , perhaps admire Hart if he pretended not to care about the grades for the sake of impressing his erratic , anti-establishment/anti-hippy girlfriend . She does n't make much sense , but she is cute and alluring . But to actually throw the grades into the sea ? No.Apart from that , the scenes of the workings of law school are pretty terrific . The characters of the study group are , for good and bad , very similar to people you actually find at law school . Particularly Bell . -LRB- By the way , did anyone notice that Hart 's 3rd year advisor was Thirtysomething 's Miles Drentell ? He is exactly the type that would say , `` Grades matter . '' -RRB- Yet , like lawyers themselves , they 're not on the whole really awful people . Ford , the quintessential Harvard prepster , bails out James Naughton 's character in class and even goes so far as to say that the subject is very difficult to understand . Hart himself is obviously very decent . And Kingsfield is meant to be feared , but moreover respected and admired.So the romance is a bit unrealistic , but nothing approaching Ally McBeal silliness . That aside , it 's a solid film worth seeing more than once .
 Although this file is over thirty years old it still rates as required viewing for today 's law students . John Houseman steals the show as Kingsfield -LRB- not `` Knightsfield '' as erroneously appears on the back of my copy -RRB- although he is often better known for his directing and commercials.The file is better than the television series that it spawned even though Houseman appears in both.Highly recommended .
 Love this movie - takes me back to the 60 's and college days . Oh soooo true about not getting emotionally involved when in school - who has time !!!! GREAT movie .
 Saw this film some time ago ... and needed it for my film collection . As a part of my personal program of `` going to the source ' , attended a meet the director and actor in person . And did ask him a question or three !!!
 It 's a `` must see '' if you liked the book and the TV show !! ... or see it again !! Worth every minute !!
 This is what should be coming out of Hollywood now ! This film from 1973 is thought-provoking and truly entertaining without any silly special effects to blur the meaning !
 The movie was an interesting example of a first year law student learning to think in questions -LRB- Socratic Method -RRB- and develop his ability to see the underlying meaning . John Houseman does a great job in the role of professor and Timothy Bottoms does a good job as the student in question . It was an enjoyable film . The movie is not a masterpiece but is interesting from a graduate student 's perspective . The ability to see the pressures involved and to see how relationships are played out is an interesting side story . The best scenes are in the classroom and in the study groups . Overall , I would recommend to any one attending business or law school or who is interested in learning via questions .
 The product came in excellent condition , exactly as described in the Amazon posting . The only problem was I had ordered the wrong product - and I was to blame . Once I explained my oversight , the seller was very gracious about it and worked with me to rectify the problem . Because the process was so immediate and painless , I would definitely consider purchasing from this seller again .
 I always thought the series was better than the movie . The critical characters , Professor Kingsfield , and James T. Hart , remain the same .
 This is a must see for all law school students or for students who want to go to law school . It 's dated but still rings very true . A T.V. series was made from the movie . Its shows the craziness of the first year of law school at Harvard but all law students can relate . There is a misprint on the DVD case calling Professor Kingsfield Professor Knightsfield . That may be good for collectors . Kingsfield is the tough old professor who teaches contracts . He terrorizes the students as they learn the law and a new way of thinking . A very good movie .
 This movie brought back a ton of memories . I bought it for my son who just got accepted to Law school , but I ended up enjoying more than him .
 I ran across The Paper Chase during one of my advanced college courses concerning the law.I was so intrigued that I purchased the movie from Amazon.The movie is very well written and the actors did a great job . This is a great movie to buy if you 're looking for a movie with great acting , not special effects .
 This is an excellent movie for anyone that is interested in law . It is very realistic as to what goes on at law school .
 The Bottom Line : A film about post-grad life that has n't dated much at all in the last 30 years and provides an interestingly mature look at the life of Law School students with few scenes that ring false -LRB- though the lead 's romance with his professor 's daughter is n't as good as the classroom sequences -RRB- , The Paper Chase is a good little film which affirms my belief that films set in school are almost neverboring .3 / 4
 I love this movie ! I 've allways been a fan of the '' underdog does good '' kind of movie . I remember this when it came out so long ago . It was like comfort food for me !
 The movie is a classic for law inclined persons . I will attend law school this fall and bought it as to avoid being uninformed when it comes up in conversation .
 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die
 Wanted this movie on DVD - found it `` used '' on Amazon - arrived several days after ordered - perfect condition
 I received the DVD on time and in new condition . For anyone who wants to learn what it 's like to go to Harvard Law School , this is truely a great movie .
 Great acting , an interesting and moving account of the great pressures faced by a Havard Law School freshman facing a tyranical Professor .
 There was no `` mysterious '' relationship between Kingsfield and his daughter . Susan was played by Lindsay Wagner not Diane Wagner . Also Hart was a first year law student he had not graduated yet , the grades were for the completed year , he threw them away to symbolize that he would ` nt sacrifice the rest of his life for the goal of financial happiness , however it 's evident that he did pass .
 You overachievers - chasing papers that will instantiate you . Its an endless cycle but they dont mean anything . Thats what this film is about . Not professors , not kingsfield , not the love interest and not even harvard . Marriage papers , diplomas , grades are all meaningless papers that when you know you can have them , and know how to achieve them , suddenly dont mean anything . One of the best films ever
 Great insight to the world of law students and college students in general.I recommend to those who are interested in pursuing entrance into the Ivy League colleges as this is focused at Harvard which is close to where I live.It would be neat to see a sequel to this movie as at the end there are several conclusions for the audience.Overall ... good before to school movie
 If there 's only one 1980 's drama to watch it 's , ` The Paper Chase ' I 've seen so many movies and this one 's a CLASSIC !
 I always warned students at the beginning of each year that I had screened `` The Paper Chase '' once again and was interested in using the Socratic method to spin the little tumblers of their minds . Certainly this was the film that made me want to curb my innate desire to stand up in the classroom and pontificate on every subject under the sun.Ostensibly the film is about the pressures of first year students at Harvard Law School , but since most of us do not want to become lawyers , know any lawyers , have any dealings with lawyers or even watch television programs with lawyers , `` The Paper Chase '' ultimately succeeds as a film about wanting to learn and learning to think . At the heart of the film is James Hart -LRB- Timothy Bottoms -RRB- , come from Minnesota to learn at the feet of the great Professor Charles Kingsfield . Despite some painful moments of confrontation in the classroom with his would be mentor-my favorite
 Well ... I DID take this class -- Contract Law -- and I took it at Harvard Law School . The class was not ~ exactly ~ like the one presented in the film , but my Harvard experience was pretty much like the film.I saw the film in the theatre , originally , weeks before I started classes at Harvard and it was as if Kingsfield directed his questions into the audience and I wanted to dive under the theatre seat . Obviously I had not read the cases . `` Hawkins versus McGee '' may have been the first case , but I defy anyone to find `` Carbolic Smoke Ball '' in their editions of West 's casebook on Contracts.My own study group was pretty much like the one shown in the film , except there were women in ours , so `` The Paper Chase '' is pretty much of a `` buddy film '' in that women play pretty much of the support role -- Kingsfield 's daughter and the ever suffering Ashley who is disarming in her performance as she hands Hart the firearm her husband nearly uses on himself.Yet , these guys are very real and the movie captured the men of my first year study group , except for the effete Bell who they would have chomped down for breakfast -- better that they had Tom Cruise from `` The Firm '' add even more colour to the colourless first year students than Bell , `` as in liberty Bell . `` Yet for its dated 1970 's sexist subplots and sometimes silly characters , John Housman manages to hold it all together as the quintessential Harvard professor -- and do n't get me wrong -- these grand old men are still alive and well and walk those halls working on those of us student who come into those classes with our `` skulls full of mush . `` To this day I am deeply moved when Kingsfield describes his `` little questions '' spinning the tumblers of our minds and in so doing how this process led us to learn how to teach ourselves.Dated , quaint , and sometimes silly , this film never fails to move me to near tears and a recollection of what those magic years at Harvard were all about and what the process of learning , not just passing an exam , was all about .
 The closest I ever got to Harvard Law School was a graduate class in education law at UC Berkeley . The class was taught by a silver-haired Jesuit , who stood ramrod straight behind his podium at the front of the class and proceded in a manner not unlike John Houseman 's Professor Kingsfield . It was only a pale shadow of what is depicted in `` The Paper Chase '' , but it was very enlightening . The way this movie vividly brings back my student days , both the fun and the hard work , is one of the reasons I like it so much . It also shows what people can accomplish.The plot involves a love affair between Hart , a student who idolizes Kingsfield , and Kingsfield 's daughter . It has its funny moments , but is somewhat predictable . What elevates this movie is the psychological study of how the different students respond to their situation , some finding it within themselves to persevere while others fall by the wayside . The film also benefits from strong acting , particularly by John Houseman , who is the quintessential Professor Kingsfield . He is outstanding.This is an excellent flick . It delivers a dramatic portrayal of an intense academic experience , while delivering some very funny moments along the way . Sort of like real life , sometimes . The TV series spawned by this movie was also quite good , and it 's too bad it did n't last longer on its major network . Anyway , both college students and former college students will find a lot to relate to here . Those whose background is n't academic , though , will also find `` The Paper Chase '' quite entertaining . Highly recommended .
 I recently watched this movie after not having seen it for many years , and I am amazed by the accurate portrayal of life for 1Ls and of the `` types '' of people you will encounter in your first year of law school , regardless of whether you attend Harvard or any other law school . John Houseman gives an outstanding performance as the curmudgeon Prof. Kingsfield . He succeeds in rattling Hart -LRB- equally well portrayed by Timothy Bottoms -RRB- and teaching contracts using the Socratic Method , a torture device until students learn how to play the game and begin to think about the nuances of the law.Some viewers have commented about how dated the film is , but I must respectfully disagree . The hair , clothing , and some of the attitudes are dated -- after all , the movie was made in 1970 ! At that time , both men and women had long hair , wore flares -LRB- jeans and cords -RRB- , lots of browns & beiges , etc. . That was the style , pure and simple . Racial , gender , and ethnic diversity in the classroom was pretty nonexistent , and the virtually all-male student body accurately reflects those times as well . What has not changed is the portrayal of how 1Ls adjust and adapt to law school -LRB- it is so very different from the undergraduate experience , as the unfortunate Mr. Hart learns on the first day of class ! -RRB- , learn to help eachother master first year subjects such as contracts -LRB- emphasis on contracts in the movie -RRB- , property , civil procedure , criminal law , torts , and constitutional law , or turn on eachother as they realize just how important those first year grades are to their futures as law students -LRB- competition for an invitation to serve on the Law Review -RRB- and attorneys . This is what makes this movie as pertinent now -LRB- for law students and would-be law students , at least -RRB- as it was in 1970 , because the types of students in the class will remain the same , the huge learning curve , the Socratic Method , the study groups and obsessive outlining , and the way that the law permeates every thought are timeless . Unless law schools institute substantial changes in law school pedagogy , this movie will be accurate 100 years from now.The romance between Hart and Susan is not what drives this movie , but adds human interest to this look at the lives of 1Ls . Remember , `` you enter law school with a skull full of mush , and you leave thinking like a lawyer ! '' Highly recommended .
 I found myself compelled to write this review for a number of reasons
 I just watched this movie again , 20 years after I first saw it . I was in law school -LRB- not Harvard ! -RRB- when it was released and I also had a Professor Kingsfield-type for contracts . The types of students , the competition , the panic about grades and exams , it 's all here . I 've asked some newer lawyers , and the majority said that it still reflects their law school experience . There may be some schools out there that are different , but I still think that anyone thinking of a legal career should watch this movie . One of the messages for Lawyer Wannabees is that even brilliant people may not have minds suitable to succeed in the law -LRB- Timothy Bottoms comments that a friend was really smart and wanted to go to Harvard Law but did n't do as well on the LSATs ... lawyers all know someone similar , and can tell you about people who got into law school and then either fail on the curve or drop out -- there 's a lot more to getting a J.D. than just being smart enough to get into a law school -RRB- . Surprisingly , the age of the movie does n't get in the way of the messages described so well in the other reviews . If I did n't know it was released in 1973 , it would still appear pretty current -LRB- except for typewriters instead of computers and no cell phones ! -RRB- . No funky 60 cars , the clothes are pretty much back in style , and there are even similar hairstyles in my kids ' high school and colleges today . Definitely recommended .
 This movie is a must own , and a must watch for both prospective , current , and past law school attendees . Other than the truly corny love story , it is pretty pathetic , the law school related scenes are eerily realistic . Kingsfield is the exemplar of the tough , old-school , Socratic method law professor , and every law student should be familiar with his style . The only question I have about this movie is , when is it coming out on DVD ?
 Having attended Law School myself , I can vouch for the fact that it is typically a very special experience in one 's life , perhaps not quite like any other . The first year of law school in particular is often a jarring and transformative experience . This is the theme of this film , which is a quite good , if perhaps slightly overdone , story about a small group of law students ' first year in law school . Law school is shown to be a ruthless process of competition and weeding out , where the professors take students who have `` a skull full of mush ... '' and teach them how to `` think like a lawyer ... ! `` John Houseman turns in a classic performance as Professor Kingsfield , the brilliant , stern , and unforgiving Contracts professor , whom law student Timothy Bottoms comes to idolize . Bottoms ' attempt to succeed in Kingsfield 's brutal Contracts classroom , where students are put on the spot and roasted on a daily basis , is the basic theme of this film.Although -LRB- typical of so many Hollywood films -RRB- this film overdramatizes the law school experience , it nevertheless does capture the essence of what is usually a unique experience for those who undergo it . I doubt that there is an American law school student for the last 30 years who has failed to see this film -- it is a legend among law students . And the wider American audience seems to have appreciated it as well.An excellent film that most viewers will appreciate .
 I saw this movie as an undergraduate and found it even more resonant when I got into graduate school . Although I did not study law , this movie will feel all too real for someone in an intensive post-undergraduate program . The life of the post-Bachelor 's individual is truly terrifying . It 's not for the weak of heart . The Paper Chase captures the world of academic stress wonderfully . All the issues are represented here
 John Houseman was part of the entertainment world for decades , working with such heavyweights as Orsen Welles , but perhaps popularly he will be best remembered for his portrayal of Professor Kingsfield , a conservative , dour Contract Law professor at Harvard Law School , who , for all his professionalism and singleness of purpose , lets a bit of humanity creep out from beneath the surface . Houseman won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for this role.Timothy Bottoms played Hart , the idealistic young 1-L -LRB- first year law student -RRB- who comes to Harvard from the midwest primarily because of his fascination with Kingsfield . He forms friendships and relationship with a circle of friends , each of whom is eccentric , driven , and slightly certifiable -LRB- which fits most of the law students I 've known -RRB- . His problems increase as he meets and begins a relationship with Kingsfield 's daughter -LRB- played by Lindsay Wagner -RRB- . This movie provided the inspiration for a television series , which followed some of the same characters from the film , in necessarily a different time-frame and different situations . Houseman reprised his role in this , and became a ` star ' by this vehicle.My favourite scene in the film has to be -LRB- being the bibiophile that I am -RRB- the time Hart breaks into the closed stacks in the library -LRB- which contain the personal papers of the professors -RRB- to look for Kingsfield 's early work , including his original notes from when he was a student in Contracts . Hart 's reflection on Kingsfield 's philosophical musings -LRB- ` Can one make a binding contract with God ? ' Kingsfield had written -RRB- almost convinced me to go to law school in America -LRB- and indeed , I took the LSAT and did well -RRB- . Houseman found the role of Kingsfield a double-edged sword , that , while fueling his stardom and exposure , also obscured the real person behind the role . He became typecast . Even when he went on speaking tours -LRB- coming once to my university to speak before a standing-room-only crowd at the auditorium -RRB- his Kingsfield routine was what the audience wanted ; they tended to drift away as he spoke about his own life , and that was sad.Make a contract with yourself to see this excellent film , and , should the series be repeated on cable , check that out too . You 'll be glad you did , or your money back -LRB- contract void wherever prohibited -RRB- .
 Wonderful ! As I have recently completed my first year of law school , I could not more strongly endorse the film as required `` sustenance '' for the aspiring law student . Expect this type of environment and you will have established an initial foundation for success -LRB- although the academic atmosphere of law school is not nearly as vicious thirty years later . -RRB- Required viewing for all prospective attorneys .
 `` The Paper Chase '' is that movie that terrifies future law students with visions of cut-throat competition and horribly stressful conditions . If you realize it 's heavily fiction , you can take if for what it is
 At a time of heightened competitiveness in academia , James Bridges 's `` The Paper Chase '' makes for relevant as well as highly pleasurable viewing . Set in one of the most demanding environments -- Harvard Law School -- the film portrays learning at its most intense , where the depth and breadth of the curriculum represents a marathon , testing the brain and body 's endurance . Timothy Bottoms is wonderful as the student who may be in over his head , but John Houseman , as the remote , brilliant law professor who strikes terror in his charges , is the reason this film scores a solid A.
 What else can I say that is not already written by the preceeding reviewers ? Well , the movie did not just provide us with a plot on the pressures of being a Harvard Law student , but it provided an inspiration on how to succeed in post-high school education period.When the movie first came out in 1973 , I was merely a young lad and was not very interested in the movie . However , I saw its effect on my older brother -LRB- who was going to a university at that time -RRB- . When it was my time to enter university training , I had a chance to see the movie on my own for the first time and I was hooked myself.I noticed that even a few years after the movie was first released , there were many professors in the university that was inspired by Kingsfield 's character that many chose to use the Socratic method of teaching.I have found that students want to form study groups and create outlines for each individual courses and share them with the members of the group . The same type of stress and desire was felt among these same students.Through the years , I have watched the movie numerous times and I have never gotten tired of it . In fact , I watched it so many times now that I have memorized -LRB- my apologies to the character Kevin -LSB- who has a photographic memory but no analytical ability -RSB- -RRB- the dialogue.Get this movie . You wo n't be sorry if you did . I just hope they would release a DVD version of this soon .
 One of the more thought provoking and stimulating movies of the seventies , year one Harvard Law . This film did n't become a blockbuster because it was too intellectual.Viewers could not digest all the brain food from this really good film . Great acting good story and John Houseman ...
 Excellent depiction of the trials and tribulations of a first year law school student and yet it has entertainment value for everyone . Acting is superb , particularly John Houseman who plays a law school professor with a memorable performance and amazing accuracy . Highly recommended .
 `` Paper Chase '' was a movie I came across in the library . Made in seventies , this film features a group of the first year law students at Harvard Law School . One of them is midwestern boy from Minnesota . He is hard working and earnest . Does not come from money -LRB- like most of the students -RRB- but has desire to make something out of his life.Group of six tudents decides to create a study group . Each stident will take different course and write an outline . That would help them prepare for the final exam and get on top of the class . Their most demanding professor is most imperial person that every student is afraid of . So our young midwesterner decides to make an outline for the most difficult course of the semester -LRB- contract law -RRB- and at the same time realizes that the girl he is in love with is his most demanding professor 's own daughter ; she is divorcing her husband of two years and her own father , one of the most expensive lawyers inthe country whose friends are the Supreme Court Judges handles her divorce.It is powerful story about a group of smart and talented students whose initial friendship turns into fierce competition . As demands of the law school increase , the stress and tension skyrocket . Before long , group of of six students becomes a group of three . Their closeness is limited on exam preparation and personal friendships are out of question . It puts things into perspective
 i saw the original as a college student . it 's a good depiction of student life . i wanted my son to see it since he is a student currently .
 Hello everyone !! I chose to rate this film cause at the young age of 33 I have decided to try Law School . The film , while dated in the 70s , provides an excellent cast and a totally deserving Oscar winning performance by Houseman . When I show my friends the video , I alway tell them that Kingsfield is the `` Hannibal Lecter '' of any past , current , or future law school students ! By the way , does anyone know if the TV series adaption is on VHS ? Please email me if you have this knowledge !!
 This is a fabulous movie that not only depicts excellent teaching techniques but is a prime example of the Socratic Method . We have a no-pen policy in our tutoring program ; that is , the tutors do not do any writing . Rather , the student is to do the work and problem-solve while the tutor facilitates the process . I teach the tutors at my University to use the Socratic Method of tutoring ; asking reflecting questions so that the student can teach themselves how to work the problems.I highly recommend this movie as a teaching tool and as an example of andragogical approach to learning .
 I concur with the AFI . One of the 100 most inspiring movies of all times -LRB- specially if you are a lawyer or a law student -RRB- .
 I guess the first thing I should mention is that this movie is thirty years old . Today 's graduate and professional schools including law school are more diverse than depicted in the film . Also , the John Houseman character is a bit over the top . I like his performance and maybe there are a few characters like him out there , but consider today 's political and social climate on campuses . Would Kingsfield get tenure or high marks from his students with this kind of behavior ? Possibly , but not highly likely .
 Professor Kingsfield 's use of the socratic method is actually a combination of the traditional socratic approach with the case study method.This approach is still common in many law schools . One of my dear history profs. in college taught socratically , but the approach made demands on the students . Socratic Method is still great for some other disciplines like religious studies , philosophy , and literature . However , the method presupposes an active student , not merely a student has is committed to doing only the minimum required for an A or B.In the movie , the great John Houseman plays Dr. Kingsfield , the world 's leading scholar of contract law . His use of the Socratic method is sadistic and terrifying , but Kingsfield is nothing compared to a real-life showboat judge or irascible judge . Students must survive Kingsfield if they are to make it in the real world of the courtroom . The plotline of the movie follows the first year of student James Hart , who idolizes Kingsfield . Hart 's dedication to law is tested when he gets a girlfriend , and then discovers her secret , all while trying to keep up in a frighteningly competitive environment .
 I loved this movie . It helped me to understand that even though the Professor , -LRB- this could be your customer , or your boss -RRB- bites your head off , this happens , but it does not diminish you.I loved Kingsfield 's Arrogance , earned Arrogance . It amazes me that some people can achieve so much greatness -LRB- yes , I know this is just a movie -RRB- , but as the first reviewer said , these old men still walk the halls of Harvard -LRB- and every other prestigious University in this country -RRB- . Hart 's innocence and his experience learning -LRB- I really enjoyed the TV series , and this to the downfall of TV , that such a great series did not last , or at least barely made it into syndication on Public TV for a short time -RRB- The young married student , sorry I have forgotten his name , the one with the `` Photographic Memory '' ... I loved it when he went over to the 3-L student 's house , and the student gave him a hypothetical to work up and he 'd figure out where his shortcomings in the Law were , and he 'd help him merely from the answers he gives to the hypothetical.What a great movie about Great men -LRB- and women -RRB- . Again , those men and women set the standards for our lives today . In our Government , Courts , Schools etc. .
 If you do n't / did n't like this movie , you 're either too young , too used to continuous action/violence/nudity , or simply unable to appreciate that rarest of species , an intellectual film . Listen to Robert C. Thompson 's commentary . It 's the best commentary I 've heard yet for a movie on DVD . He tells you all you need to know-from the movie studio balking at making `` a movie about a bunch of lawyers '' to Lindsay Wagner 's affectless performance . The key to liking this movie depends completely on 2 things
 This is a decent movie , but hardly depicts the way that law school is , either in the late 1970s or espically in 2007 . Professors today actually try to get AWAY from the Kingsfield sterotype that this movie created . Of course there are exceptions , and professors still use socratic at times , but it is very `` soft . '' People can pass all the time in class , say i dont know , and NOTHING happens to them , indeed nobody even cares or looks up from playing games on their laptops.So watch the movie , but do n't use it as some kind of window into law school life .
 Warning ! If you do n't want to know how the film ends , do n't read this review . I showed the film to my undergraduate Law & Politics students . The mostly first and second year students had this to say when I asked them why Hart threw his grades into the sea : `` Just graduating from Harvard was all he needed . '' `` He did not want to become a lawyer . '' `` He already knew he had conquered that old duff of a teacher . '' `` He had realized the school and its pressures were B.S. '' `` His girlfriend was right . '' `` Other things were more important to him like his girlfriend . ''
 Not having attended an Eastern preppie school , this film resonates long after seeing the movie . It represents the ideal college experience , before racial quotas and forced equality spread mediocrity to academia . Tim Bottoms plays the Horatio Alger figure , rising on his own efforts . John Houseman , depicts the hard-nosed Establishment professor to perfection . The lovely , appealing Lindsey Wagner as Prof. Kingsfield 's daughter , plays a sort of siren of a girlfriend , always beckoning Bottoms closer to self-destruction or freedom.The study group was comprised of various grades of intelligence and cunning with a common goal , with edges of `` Animal House '' lurking . This adaption of John Jay Osborn 's novel will stand for that period when achievement was earned according to one 's merit or effort , not artificial , arbitrary quotas . Sure , it 's a bygone , innocent time , but no one leaves this film without a few lessons about education and learning .
 I just saw this movie on PBS tonight . First of all , good thing I did n't go to law school ! Well , I did n't even have a choice anyway . I only like movies that interest me in a mysterious way and this is one of them . Professor Kingsfield 's daughter Susan -LRB- played by Diane Wagner -RRB- 's character seemed very interesting . And the mysterious relationship between the father and the daughter which by the way the movie leaves upto you to imagine is particulary interesting . This is one of those movies that you ca n't describe in words . You must see it for yourself . I am glad they did n't make Susan ill to death in attempt to turn it into another love story .
 A classic film that was good to share with my 14 year-old son . Fast delviery - good price .
 I only write to add my unreserved support to the comments of those who have already insightfully covered this movie for Amazon.Let me not waste any words . John Houseman , an exceptionally talented founding member of Orson Welles ' troupe , and respected director/actor since that era , is both delightful and outstanding as the humorless , unbending , venerable and universally familiar Harvard Law icon , Professor Kingsfield . The movie is a professional job and has other aspects to recommend it , but Houseman and his character as written in a clearly insightful script , is the perennial draw to this tribute to positive , life-altering student/teacher tension.The rest of the story reflects the American college-centered moral popularism of the late 1960s -- but is still relevant , as it is pitted against the really much more weighty and unshakable philosophy enshrined in the principles and the person of Professor Kingsfield.This is worth seeing .
 This film was a sleeper hit in the early 70 's , and in some ways it still is as a DVD . While there are some obvious brief moments where the film is dated , the big themes of human interaction and the struggle to achieve success against long odds are universal and timeless . Too many `` critics '' try to pick apart this film for silly reasons -LRB- such as that it only shows the students in one professor 's class , contract law -RRB- , but they are completely missing the point . `` The Paper Chase '' is not a primer on going to law school , it is an entertaining couple of hours about human nature , and most people in most walks of life can see some direct correlation to a similar period of their own lives . You do n't have to go to law school or be a lawyer to enjoy this film , but I 'm told that many law schools to this day recommend that their incoming first-year law students see `` The Paper Chase '' , mostly to set the stage for what they will deal with in their quest to achieve their goals . Of course , not every law school is Harvard Law , but it is the Harvard legend that makes this film so fascinating . The two most redeeming features of this really entertaining movie are John Houseman and Timothy Bottoms , both of whom are superbly cast and play off of one another brilliantly . This was Houseman 's `` breakthrough '' role at age 71 , and he went on to great fame and fortune as a result of this one film . A beautiful young Lindsay Wagner also adds a nice touch as Timothy Bottoms ' on-again/off-again love interest with a twist . All in all , highly recommended , especially if you 've ever been a college student -LRB- and even if you have not -RRB- . A really good respite from the endlessly frenzied and violent `` action movies '' that seem to have overwhelmed most of our theatres and viewing habits in recent years .
 I got this movie to impress a professor in college . Well it worked . That 's not why I like the movie though . I thought the story line was impressive enough and there was plenty to think about and keep you wanting more . Overall good movie .
 John Housman , as the brilliant , unapproachable , Harvard Law professor , pulls this train . A first year law student , Timothy Bottoms , is not satisfied with getting what his professor has to teach him about contract law ; he is driven to get the professor to recognize him as an individual . His professor is like the old school football coach ; He does n't care if you like him , but you will be a great football player when he is done with you . Houseman , plays the professor to perfection even with a slight hint , but nothing revealed , of a human being . The high levels of anxiety and competition , that are awash in ego , is depicted through Bottoms ' fellow students . Modest story , but a great cast of characters .
 This DVD is based on a print that 's in good shape . The only problem I noticed was with the audio . In a couple of scenes -- such as in Brooks ' apartment , where he 's confessing his struggles to Hart -- the audio is n't 100 percent in sync with the video , although fortunately not to the point that it 's annoying.The only downside to this DVD is the limited features , which are the trailer and commentary . Maybe there simply was n't anything left the cutting room floor , or maybe nobody bothered to save it because at the time they dd n't realize that this film would become a minor classic .
 This is a great movie , and gives a realistic portrayal about life in law school . It touches on everything
 Great movie , just not too thrilled with the broken DVD case that caused DVD to be rattling around freely in case prior to delivery . If I did n't think it would have been a hassle , I would have asked for another.Again , a great movie . Actually , I 'd forgotten what a good-looking woman Lindsay Wagner is ! Wow!This is a perfect movie for me as I prepare for law school . I 've tried hard to familiarize myself with all aspects of law school , before and beyond . What potential law school student does n't daydream of what it would be like to be accepted to HLS ?
 A great film - superlative acting - wonderful sory line also powerful message on formal education and it 's rewards -- Any member of the family age notwithstanding can enjoy this film ... hm dodd
 Everytime I see this film , I get so glad that I dropped out of Law School . Kingfield is alive , well and lurking out there . If you are thinking about going to Law School , see this film if you have time between reading canned briefs . The `` Little Questions that tumble in your brain are really there . The Stress over grades is real , the classmates who crash & burn are real . I can not recommend this film too highly to potential 1Ls .
 I 'm proud to own this copy of the excellent film Paper Chase -LRB- I 'd like to read the book now that I 've seen the film several times -RRB- , one with no fuss no bother , just a clean shot , excellent commentary and intro . A master piece . Would there were more like it .
 It so rare to come across movies with an actual plot these days . If you are in the mood for a legal drama without the courtroom battles , this is for you . Timothy Bottoms is great as Hart a 1st year law student finding out the hardway what it takes to succed at Harvard . John Housman is phenominal as the Contracts professor who is as hard as they come . Excellent story , and some humor . The obligitory love spiel is ok . I like Lindsey Wagner , but its flighty at best , and semi detracts from the film . So with a complaint , why did I give it 5 stars ? Because the movie earned it . Its gripping from the start , and holds you to the end . Very enjoyable .
 Hello everyone !! I chose to rate this film cause at the young age of 33 I have decided to try Law School . The film , while dated in the 70s , provides an excellent cast and a totally deserving Oscar winning performance by Houseman . When I show my friends the video , I alway tell them that Kingsfield is the `` Hannibal Lecter '' of any past , current , or future law school students ! By the way , does anyone know if the TV series adaption is on VHS ? Please email me if you have this knowledge !!
 Houseman won Supporting Actor Oscar for playing legendary Contracts Professor Kingsfield in this dated Vietnam era classic . A man of intellect and intimidation , Kingfield 's Socratic method of teaching works well with this assemblage of intellectual `` mush '' , which he tries to embolden to `` think like lawyers '' . Key scenes include an opening day scenario in the lavatory , Hart being caught at the Prof 's home with the latter 's daughter , the library break-in , cramming for finals , and the beachside finale . Both Wagner and Bottoms play their roles well , and any serious college student could/can still relate to most of the movie . As implied , this is not a movie for everyone ; only for those who are looking for a multi-sided nostalgia trip .
 I watched this in the 70s and wanted to see if I still liked it as much as I thought I did . I did . I was more distracted by the romance this time and wanted more classroom time , but this is a great movie to watch when you want to be inspired by the role that teachers play in our lives .
 This movie is just a great movie about how one man tries to cope with the first year of Harvard Law . Its a well written screen play adopted from a book -LRB- do n't rember author -RRB- that keeps you interested the whole show without having to blow something up , or slap stick comedy .
 This movie brought alot of memories for me . I did not go to Law school but got a master 's degree with the same pressures . From the study groups , to the same characters in real life , to the pressures of finals , and the Socratic method of teaching . For me , it was Professor Herman . This is a great film because it succeeds in bringing the characters to life . Especially for those of us that went to Graduate or Law school . Highly recommended .
 There are plenty of movies with a little romance , a little drama , and a little comedy . This movie is special because it portrays law school is such an entertaining , and somewhat accurate manner . It also explores the themes that we all constantly wrestle with , our natural intelligence , hard work , or ultimate capabililties , and what we are willing to sacrifice to get ahead.The feckless and overly orthodox law professors that pollute the halls and classrooms of our nation 's institutes of higher legal learning wo n't teach you as much about law school as this film will . The professor who appears in this film acutally explains his teaching methodology , the antiquated Socratic Method , which inspires students to learn and read through fear , which amounts to pointless question and answer sessions , which baffles students who once believed themselves to be intelligent before they were humiliated in front of their class!Professor Kingsfield 's lectures and question and answer sessions in this film are frightening and are timeless displays of eloquence , much like Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in Full Metal Jacket . This movie , like no other , explores the fear and stress that law school students feel as they try to chase the paper , as they try to chase the grade.Our protaganist goes through the same struggles as real law students , as he must decide between personal and school . Will he chase the girl that he is falling in love with ? Or will he spend the weekend studying ? Will he become the silent law school student that hopes that he does not get called on , or will he burn the midnight oil and become part of the upper echelon of law school students that savor the spotlight and volunteer to be participants in the feared Socratic nightmare ? Will he fall prey to the paper chase and sell his sould to get the grade ? You 'll see law students crack , you 'll see friendships fail , you 'll see betrayal and competition , and you 'll see disappointment in the face of the student that just ca n't hack it.You 'll get a sense of the conflict that is played out in the minds of those students who have the natural ability , but are conflicted whether or not they want to put in the work and take the pain that is necessary to succeed in law school and be at the top of their class.The movie is entertaining , humorous , and the best part of all are the interactions between students and the sharp , aggressive law professor .
 When you first enter law school , you hear the inside jokes surrounding this movie . Your friends joke about how your Contracts professor -LRB- or any professor -RRB- is imitating Kingsfield . You wonder why anyone would be so asinine to hide a book in a law library . You scoff and worry about the advice not to date anyone in your section , your law school , or your immediate vicinity period . If anyone told me that this movie would answer some of those questions and worries so poignantly , and do it in a way that would prove entertaining -- even to those wise/foolish enough to avoid pursuing a J.D. -- I would not have believed it . This movie has everything and then some for a curious 1L or for anyone wanting a more sobering film about law school that 's not Legally Blonde I/II . Watching The Paper Chase is a rite of passage for any J.D. candidate in the United States .
 This is the famous sequel to `` The Sheik '' -LRB- 1921 -RRB- ; it was Valentino 's biggest box-office hit and was in many respects superior to the original . The plot is richer and more elaborate , with plenty of action-packed sequences to counterbalance the romantic love scenes . This was obviously meant to please male audiences
 I am a huge Rudolph Valentino fan . I have been a collector for many years , collecting old Photoplay magazines , photos , tins , postcards , etc. . I , also , have most of his films on tape . That is , the films that are still existing today . All the other so called great lovers are measured by Rudy 's standards . No one , past or present can compare to the Latin Lover . Now - onto the movie.Son of the Sheik was Valentino 's last film before his untimely death at 31 . This film is incredible . Rudy plays both the son and the formidable sheik in this , his last film . He falls in love with a dancing girl , Yasmin , played by Vilma Banky . They fall in love until he is captured and tortured . Believing Yasmin to be responsible , he escapes and extracts his own form of revenge . The tent scene where he has Yasmin at his mercy was incredibly sensuous . You KNEW what Ahmed was planning to do to the beautiful Yasmin . She knew it , too , but was powerless to stop him . No matter how much pleading and begging she did , he drove her mercilessly to his bed . One word - WOW ! True love prevails , though , and all is saved.Some might find a silent movie to be a bit corny but not I . There is something enchanting - magical about watching Rudy . He is without a doubt , the most graceful man captured on film . No ONE walks or dances the way Rudy does . He is poetry in motion . I could watch him for hours ... He was blessed with a sinful handsomeness and those eyes ... They were almost hypnotic in their intensity . It is soooooo easy to see why the women in the 1920 's were filled with hysteria for this Latin Lover . After all of these years has passed , his appeal shines forth in this , his final film . There will never be another Rudolph Valentino . He simply graced the screen with his presence and changed everyday life into something magical . While watching him weave his magic , we forgot our troubles if only for a little . * There is only one regret the world must have had when Rudy died . His voice was never recorded . His singing was but nothing of him `` speaking '' . There has been much speculation over his voice and the transition from silent films to talkie films . Would he have made such a successful transition where others had failed ? I believe he would have . But we will never know for sure . *
 `` Not east of Suez but south of Algiers '' ... with these intertitles abounds one of the greatest legends of the Hollywood that is no more . When one thinks of those times one remembers The Wizard Of Oz , Casablanca ... and thosescenes between Rudolph Valentino and Vilma Banky in a tent underthe desert sun.Made in 1926 for United Artists , directed by master directorGeorge Fitzmaurice and destined to even beat the 1921 original `` The Sheik '' at the box office , this sequel to the former Valentino classic is in many ways the better of the two films.Rudolph Valentino has never looked better than in this film , which would ultimately be his last , and Hungarian born VilmaBanky outshines the original heroine Agnes Ayres from the `` The Sheik '' as well , together making these film the ultimate love story of the silent film age . Agnes Ayres however also appears in this film as the Sheik ` s mother as a tribute to Valentino -LRB- his father is played by Rudy as well in a double role -RRB- . But the movie has more assets to it . It is also more handsomely produced than `` The Sheik '' , it has a far more glossy look with its ` bigger budget and excellent art direction -LRB- by William Cameron Menzies of `` Gone With The Wind '' - fame -RRB- , a slightly better script and it exposes far better the enormous acting range of Rudolph Valentino , who is still seen today only as the great Latin Lover -LRB- despite for example also being a great drama actor or comedian -RRB- . The big difference might also l&iacute;e in the fact that `` The Sheik '' was a typical product of the studio system and `` The Son Of The Sheik '' was made far more independently . The other interesting fact is that when this movie was made the silent film style had changed greatly since 1921 , making the former film look far more primitive . And it is no wonder that all the famous scenes by which Rudolph Valentino is still judged today emerge from this movie , while the other Valentino films -LRB- even `` The Sheik '' -RRB- are mostly forgotten today - this movie has its place as a sort of silent screen pop icon -LRB- and probably the only silent film most people have heard of in their lifetime today - I remember that as a child I only knew one silent film actor - Rudy , courtesy of this film -RRB- . Thisis also probably the curse of this film . It overshadowed all of his work so much and even made the critical judgment of `` The Son Of The Sheik '' nearly impossible . In fact it is an entertaining piece of Hollywood fairytale , packed with action and romance , exotic escapism and a great climax when Rudolph Valentino frees his love interest Banky from a band of robbers and rides with her into the endless desert ... and right into movie eternity . Truly a film of these ages , even not hampered by its dated plotline and some outrageous `` silent film acting '' . A note about the video quality
 Generations removed from today 's technology and special effects , this movie would seem amateurish to most people . Looking at those eyes of Valentino , I found it stunning . A simple plot , a charming conglomeration of characters , and stark settings only served to make him stand out even more than he already did . I 'm sure he would have graduated to `` talkies '' with all the grace , aplomb , and dazzling beauty that he brought to the silent screen all those years ago . And watching him , the play of emotion on his face , I can see why women swooned . This is definitely a must-see for you gals out there , trust me . BUY this , my gosh , just for those EYES ... yowza .
 I had watched `` Camille '' and `` Four Horsemen of the Apocolypse '' only because I had never seen a Rudolph Valentino film and was curious to see what all the fuss has been about . Now I know . I purchased `` The Son of the Sheik '' and , after seeing it several times , am captivated by his charisma just like thousands before me through the years . Of course , it is a bit corny and several parts are in such fast motion that they are comical ; but , if accepted for the fantasy that it is , it is a truly beautiful , sexy romance . I 've seen many reviews in which his facial expressions are thought to be comical ; but , for the most part , I was mesmerized by the sexual tension that came across in those georgeos eyes ! When he first brings his dancing girl to his camp and lights his cigarette and slowly takes off his belt while watching her over his shoulder with that smoldering stare , I actually felt fluttery and would have loved to have been that girl ! I have not , personally , seen any male heart-throb since Valentino , to the present day , come even close to rivaling his natural ability to project such sensuality on screen . And that raised eyebrow ! Whew ! I have now purchased `` The Sheik '' to see where the story all began . Ca n't wait to get carried away again !
 If any particular film epitomized the lush exotic feel of silent filmmaking in the 1920 's then `` Son of the Sheik '' , would most definately be it . This 1926 effort captured legendary silent star Rudolph Valentino at his cinematic peak and sadly proved to be his last film before his tragically early death at age 31 . Here he happily had a perfect vehicle for his farewell performance full of sensual romance in exotic places with just a hint of menace under the surface , beautiful photography and costumes , and the handsome Valentino playing the dual roles of both father and son to mos tinteresting effect . A sequel to Valentino 's earlier star making role in `` The Sheik '' , this followup filmed 5 years later was blessed with a much bigger budget and has a far more polished look to it at a time when Valentino was also maturing as a performer as is seen in his capable playing of the father role which showed his developing character actor skills in a less glamourous type of role that perhaps indicated Valentino 's ability to take on more serious characters in his future films had he lived longer.Like this films famous parent `` The Sheik '' , produced in 1921 which was largely responsible for making Valentino a full fledged star and matinee idol , this effort was based in part on the Edith Maude Hull novel `` The Sons of the Sheik '' . The original two sons of the story were reduced to one in the first film and in `` The Son of the Sheik '' , we are treated to the next generation where we are introduced to the headstrong young Ahmed , son of the original Sheik Ahmed Ben Hassan -LRB- both plyed by Rudolph Valentino -RRB- and Diana -LRB- Agnes Ayres - repeating her role from the original film -RRB- . The action opens with a travelling show arriving in the area run by the the corrupt Andre a frech merchant who makes most of his money from robbing his patrons . he has a beautiful daughter Yasmin -LRB- Vilma Banky -RRB- , who dances in the shows and is used by Andre to entice men in so that Andre can rob them . Ahmed sees the performance and is instantly smitten by Yasmin . The pair fall in love and plan a future together despite the fact that his controlling father has another young girl in mind for him as a bride . Andre follows Yasmin one evening when she is to meet Ahmed and without her actually knowing plans to kidnap the young man and hold him for ransom . After allowing Yasmin and Ahmed to share some tender moments together in some ruins on the edge of the desert Andre and his corrupt band of followers then set upon the unarmed Ahmed and tie him up hoping to secure ransom money from his father . Ahmed luckily manages to escape but before he does get away one of the thieves tells him falsely that Yasmin was actually in on the trap and does this kind of thing on a regular basis to rob unsuspecting young men taken with her obvious charms . Not knowing the real truth Ahmed swears revenge against her and when he encounters her again later he manages to break up her performance at a tavern and kidnaps her , taking her back to his desert camp where he intends to punish her for supposedly betraying him . Yasmin tries to convince him of her innocence but Ahmed is intent upon humiliating her for all the pain he suffered . Even under the threat of a brutal rape however it is obvious that Ahmed still loves Yasmin and when his father intervenes she is released to go back to the unsavoury life she led with her father and his pack of theives . Ahmed however finally learns from Ramadan -LRB- Karl Dane -RRB- , that Yasmin was indeed innocent of any wrong doing against him Ahmed seeks to get her back and in the exciting finale manages to literally sweep her off her feet in a fast paced pursuit on horseback across the desert sands until the final embrace.While modern sensibilities might object to the controversial rape scene in Ahmed 's tent which is all off screen this film is remarkable for its incredible sensual quality and really explains fully the real mystique of Rudolph Valentino as one of cinema 's most charismatic lovers . At age 31 just prior to his tragic death Valentino 's features had matured making him a far more attractive screen personality and while his acting still adheres largely to silent film expectations it has a smoothness to it in `` Son of the Sheik '' , that makes his character very believable . Physically Valentino was in top form in this effort which is ironic considering that he did not long survive the filming and the scene showing his torture reveals a well muscled body full of health and fitness guarenteed to quicken th epulse of many movie goers of th etime . Valentino 's playing -LRB- at his own insistence -RRB- , of the dual roles of father and Son is most interesting and the split screen technique when both men are in the same shot is amazingly sophisticated and smooth for this early period . Seeing Valentino done up as an old man complete with greying beard and wrinkles makes for an interesting observation and Valentino does succeed well in giving both men a very different personality much to his credit . In `` Son '' he is reunited with very popular actress Vilma Banky who costarred with him in the classic `` The Eagle '' . She is still probably best remembered for her two roles opposite Valentino but her accent sadly made her one of the first victims of sound when it came in after 1929 . Here however she is at her peak and is perfect casting for the at times fragile carnival dancer who almost loses the great love of her life thanks to her deceitful father . She and Valentino have a great screen chemistry and their scenes after Ahmed feels that Yasmin has betrayed him and swears revenge are first rate . The whole look and feel of `` Son of the Sheik '' , is far superior to its predecessor with William Cameron Menzies ' sublime production designs a real stand out . The extensive location photography taken in the boiling Yuma Desert really giving you the feel of being in the real desert . Certainly this film 's higher budget shows in every frame from the superb costumes , to Ahmed 's elaborate tent and the wonderful sepia photography incorporated into many scenes . For a film made in 1926 the surviving print is nothing short of amazing and has a clarity and crispness about it that is unexpected in such an old film . The original theatre organ score by Jack Ward that was created to accompany this film is also highly appropriate and gives a very clear indication of the original live music that would have been provided during the original screenings of `` The Son of the Sheik '' back in the silent era.Anyone wanting to enjoy a first class silent era romantic drama or to simply see just what made the legendary Rudolph Valentino such a special identity need go no further than `` The Son of the Sheik '' . it is my favourite Valentino performance made all the more piognant by the fact that it was also his last and was a great financial success after he had already passed away . The sight of Valentino in his Sheik outfit riding over the Sand Dunes after abducting a young woman is one of the most enduring and classic images from the silent era and certainly all later `` heartthrobs '' , on the Hollywood scene for many a decade had their mettle measured against that of the legendary Valentino . For exotic drama full of romance , seduction , and good old fashioned `` lust in the dust '' , you can not better the 1926 silent melodrama `` The Son of the Sheik '' , starring the one and only Rudolph Valentino .
 As a historical silent movie , I enjoyed the disk very much . Considering when it was produced the scenery and technical aspects were very interesting . Jack Ward 's pipe organ backup greatly enhanced the action of the film . Rudolph Valentino 's eyes were very expressive . It is too bad that he met an untimely death . It would have been very interesting how he would have performed in sound motion pictures . Vilma Banky , as history tells us , could n't make in the soundies because of a heavy accent . That is unfortunate , she was beautiful.I am old enough to remember the silent movies and the Wurlitzer and similar Pipe Organs that backed and enhanced the silent movies.I collect silent movies for the joy of taking me back and the historical values.Allen ZimmermanAllentown , PA. .
 Like many classic movie buffs , I often wondered what all the fuss about Rudolph Valention a.k.a. `` The Great Lover '' was about . The answer lies in watching this mesmorizing film ! Really a tongue-cheek examination of his own bigger-than-life personna , the actor magnificently portrays the double role of father and son . As Ahmed , the son , Rudy falls in love with the Hungarian Vilma Banky -LRB- as Yasmin -RRB- , a beautiful dancer . Ahmed later holds the beguiling young woman responsible when he is captured and held for by her roguish father 's thieves . When Ahmed 's father , the Shiek , intervenes , it is discovered that Yasmin is innocent of betrayal and after some heavy derring-do , there is a happy ending . This fast-paced film from 1926 has lost none of it 's charm with the passage of time and proves over and over again that Valentino was without question the least understood and most maligned of all of Hollywood 's great stars . He was indeed an enigmatic presence in this film . The photography is ethereal , and the desert looks more enchanting here than in any film , and the chases , rescues and stunts are still wonderful to watch . Valentino would die prematurely at the age of 31 of peritonitis 26 August , 1926 . For a great companion piece , watch Valentino 's great 1921 hit THE FOUR HORSEMEN OF THE APOCALYPSE .
 I love Rudolph Valentino and have watched his silent movies for ages and I find it hard to really pick a favorite . He had such a naturalness and charm on the screen and if there was ever a true love affair in Rudys ' life it was between he and the camera . It adored him , and he knew how to entice and lure his audience through it.I think Son of The Sheik was a beautiful example of Rudolphs ' attraction to the thousands of still loving fans that thrill to his beautiful face and mesmerizing eyes . He had seething sexuality , yet little boy naughtiness all wrapped up into this gorgeous masculinity and it poured off the screen in waves whenever he appeared . You could not tear your self away from watching him and his movements and expressions were dead on target . Son of The Sheik has been described in all of the reviews , and it is a good story of romance , supposed betrayal and reconciliation with a lot of action , pathos and embraces . The cast is great and if this was to be Rudys last film , there is not a better one to get to know what all the shouting for and about him is about.I just wish he could have lived long enough to really exhibit his talent and charm in talkies and in later projects . A man above the rest of yesterdays and todays leading men and heros . Dont miss watching this treasure .
 This is my favorite movie . Valentino acted with vitality and became emotionally sad and angry as needed . Although , besieged with the start of his illness , movie magic disguised his worn and inner frustration with his personal life quite well.Charles Farenga
 This movie highlights the assets of Rudoph Valentino very well . He is young , sexy , passionate and a real `` man '' . Who would n't want to fall in love with him . The movie also provides us with an exotic locale , a quick moving story and a great romance . What more could anyone ask for ? Would n't you want to ride your horse into the desert with Rudy ?
 On the strength of reading other reviews I held off buying the double DVD . . The Sheik/Son of the Sheik and elected to buy KINO 's version of Son of the Sheik and I have to say I am not disappointed.The quality of the picture far exceeded my expectations ; the clarity is sharp and sound is equally good.Silent films have to rely heavily on emotion and the different moods portrayed by Valentino are startling , Vilma Banky holds her own but it is Valentino 's movie ; the down side is there are no extras bar chapter listing , it would have been nice but in truth I am not too bothered.I hope KINO issue an equally if not better DVD of The Sheik , look forward to it .
 A very romantic movie starring one of the biggest idols of the century , Rudolph Valentino . This is a better film then The Sheik both for its plot and its cinematography . Watch both and judge for yourself !
 This is one of the greatest films ever made in the history of time.Even if you are not a fan of silent films I would recommend watching this masterpiece.I even like this movie better than the first movie simply titled The Sheik.Rudolph Valentino playing dual roles of the old Sheik and his son.Not only was he a sexy actor he was also good at acting.When I watch him acting I get so depressed that he did n`t convert to talkies.If he would of he would of won several awards.This movie also stars Hungarian actress Vilma Banky as Rudy ` s love interest Yasmin.It also Agenes Aryes as the young sheik ` s mother and his father ` s wife.I do n`t want to give the whole movie away , and think viewers should see it themselves.I am a devoted Valentino fan.I collect his movies and books about his life.I think he is a sex symbol who will never go out of style.This movie is a must see for ladies all over the world .
 This 1960 black-and-white film is sort of aThe Invisible Manrip-off , but I 'm okay on that criticism in that the two stories are n't all that similar . `` The Invisible Man '' is clearly the superior film of the pair but this one still has its good points.The tale here is that an infamous safe-cracker -LRB- `` Joey Faust , '' played by Douglas Kennedy -RRB- is sprung from prison to become the minion of a criminal mastermind -LRB- `` Major Paul Krenner , '' played by James Griffith -RRB- who has established an atomic laboratory in a large farmhouse located out in the boondocks . Why does he need an atomic lab ? To produce an army of invisible zombies which he plans to sell to the Army!The lab 's venerable old scientist is `` Dr. Peter Ulof '' -LRB- Ivan Triesault -RRB- , a man working under duress because Krenner holds his young daughter hostage in the lab 's closet . Krenner has two other shills , neither of which are all that loyal to him
 The special effects for the amazing transparent man are delightful to watch . It brings you back to that twilight zone essence.This is a must watch !
 Great Film . I loved the `` special effects '' . For an older film , this looks great!Thanks for the fast shipping !
 For a movie that was probably made for next to nothing this is really a pretty good crime/sci-fi programmer . Director Edgar Ulmer is famous for making good looking low budget films and this is one of his best.Douglas Kennedy is bank robbing safe cracker Joey Faust sprung from prison by James Griffith -LRB- usually a bad guy in b-Westerns and tv shows of the period -RRB- to steal radioactive isotopes . Of course to do this Faust has to become transparent and is subjected to radioactive bombardment himself ... talk about Faust selling his soul!Corny , insane , implausible . Yet it somehow works ! The acting is top-notch for this kind of stuff and the direction is sure-handed . It 's under an hour and ends in a big explosion!The ALPHA dvd is very good offering a clear picture at a bargin price . Marguerite -LRB- FLIGHT TO MARS -RRB- Chapman , Red Morgan -LRB- he 's in Ulmer 's BEYOND THE TIME BARRIER , probably shot around the same time -RRB- and Ivan Triesault -LRB- the mad scientist here -RRB- co-star . Wonderful , whacky fun , a bit sleezy and well made !
 I love this movie a lot because it 's so funny I would laughed out loud , where she plays Sally Jackson , a fast-food employee who 's pregnant and did ` nt know , Dorian 's stepfather was married and died of heart-attack after he was scared to death .
 I really did n't think this movie would be worth watching , but since Drew Barrymore is a fairly good actress , I gave it a try . Although the flim started off slow , with a twisted plot , I soon found I liked this story of famliy , and meeting the right guy , in the wrong situation , and the wrong time . Home Fries is not the movie for those who like fast paced plots , but if you 'd like to sit back relax , and watch a quirky romance , this is the film for you .
 Hah ! I think this may be one of my favorite movies . The characters -LRB- and their idiosycracies -RRB- are hilarious . This is not your average romantic comedy and for this , it deserves a round of applause . I do n't see why people thought it was so bad . It really is fun .
 Home Fries is like no movie I 've ever seen before ! It was kinda weird but I loved it and Luke Wilson is very , very ~ hot ~ . -LRB- Espesally his acsent -RRB- . It was funny , entertaining , and romantic . Some people thought it was dumb , but what do they know ! Feel free to contact me if ya want ! I also have ICQ . See ya and TTFN !!! Luv , Jas :-RRB- and Leanne @ - > -- -LRB- for you , Luke ! -- < -RRB-
 Drew Barrymore is a doll in this short story comedy about a southern gal finding a father of her child . At first , I thought it was a comeback of the movie , Annie at the first glimpse of Sally at the burger drive in . I just love her charms besides her glossy lips . Although funny , the only criticism that sparks in this comedy is that Sally , who is so young and innocent and who got pregnated by an overwhelmingly older man should deliver a message to young girls to be responsible on their bodies . This is rated PG , so I would strongly urge parents out there to render advice . That 's all folks , otherwise , it is a great comedy for the entire family to watch .
 This is a really good family movie -LRB- sort of . -RRB- I enjoyed it , although I thought it would be lighter . I was a great romantic comedy .
 I RECENTLY SAW HOME FRIES AND I THAUGHT THE M0VIE WAS OKAY . DREW BARRYMORE MADE THE MOVIE GREAT . NO OTHER ACTRICE COULD DO A BETTER JOB THAN HER . THIS MOVIE IS A MUST SEE FOR ALL DREW FANS . IT IS A DARK COMEDY ABOUT A GIRL WHO IS WANTED DEAD BY HER BOYFRIENDS MOTHER BECAUSE SHE HAD AN AFFAIR WITH HER HUSBAND .
 After hearing Vince Gilligan on a podcast from Breaking Bad , I was curious to see this movie he had written several years ago . I enjoyed the movie very much and was glad I purchased Home Fries .
 I bought this DVD because my wife is a huge fan of Drew Barrymore , and it was worth buying and adding to our massive DVD collection of over 1,500 .
 never seen any of these movies , but when I got them , I watched two of them and loved them . all movies are in great condition , and outside looks pretty good too .
 I had absolutely no problems with this order . The item was exactly what I ordered and I received it within the time frame stipulated . I would purchase from this source again without a doubt !
 I bought this DVD because I needed to add more money to my total . After watching it I was pleasantly surprised . The story was funny and held my interest all the way through . I watch a lot of movies and if I get bored I hit fast forward on the remote . I also do not like mushy , tear-jerker romances . This movie was none of those . Home Fries was a lovely , realistic , funny story that kept me smiling and laughing all the way through -- and with no fast forwarding !
 I like this DVD . Great movie even with some of the scenes some would think is stupid .
 Home Fries stars Drew Barrymore as a pregnant woman who works at a fast food restaurant . The man who made her pregnant appears at the drive by window one night , and he and Drew 's character get into a fight because Drew wants the guy to be a father for the baby . Instead , the guy drives off . It turns out he has a wife of his own and wants nothing to do with the girl he made pregnant.Well , while the guy is driving back to his house , a couple guys in a helicopter decide they want to toy with the guy , and make him scared . Unfortunately , the helicopter incident makes the guy TOO scared , and the next day the police encounter the guy sitting in the middle of nowhere dead from a heart attack.The storyline from here is that the two guys in the helicopter do everything in their power to make sure they are n't busted for the murder.Unfortunuately for the two helicopter pranksters , they retrace their steps a little TOO much to the point one of the guys actually works at the same fast food restaurant as Drew Barrymore 's character . Eventually the guy falls in love with Drew and well ... I guess NOW is a good time to mention Home Fries is mostly definitely a comedy , haha.The biggest problem with Home Fries is that the film is funny in a `` What kind of outrageous plot twist will happen next ? '' kind of way . The writers who came up with such a storyline did an * amazing * job making it sophisticated and intelligent , and they deserve a ton of credit for that.As far as actual laughs go , well you 'll be laughing plenty of times , but the storyline also has some dry spells once in a while as well , which is why I ca n't give it a perfect 5 star rating.It 's mostly a film that 's worth watching for the brilliant storyline .
 Hamburger join waitress Sally Jackson is pregnant . When Beatrice , the wife of the father , finds out about his infidelity , she sends her sons from a previous marriage , military pilots Angus and Dorian Montier , to scare the living daylights out of him . Their gunship does such a good job , without hitting him , that he dies from a heart attack . Worrying about radio interference that night , they investigate who might have heard too much within the fairly empty reception perimeter , and soon discover only Sally could , still ignorant about her affair with his step-dad Henry . Dorian takes a job there to be sure , but soon falls for her himself , while mother-obsessed moron Angus would do anything to anyone for her honor . This movie with Luke Wilson and Drew Barrymore is very enjoyable . This movie has a darker comedic theme with some action sequences . It is a very enjoyable , fun movie .
 I loved this movie ! It was very funny . It is also one of my favorite movies , you 'll love it !
 a wonderful crAZY BLACK COMEDY OBVIOUSLY NOT FOR EVERYBODY THE REVIEWS RUN THE GAMMIT -- ITS CRAZY LIKE THE INLAWS THAT PETER FALK ALAN ARKIN ROMP OR LIKE A MIDWEST LITTLE MURDERS TYPE THING -- ALL MOVIES LIKE THE RECENT BOTTLE ROCKET ANOTHER SHINING BLACK COMEDY - FROM THE WILSON BROTHERS - THREE OF THEM INVOLVED IN THAT ONE -- RAGE ON BOYS YOU ARE NAILING THIS STUFF ! I LOVE DREW BARRRYMORE IN ALL THESE OFF BEAT THNGS SHE DOES AND OF COURSE SHE IS PERFECT IN THEM -- HER LINEAGE BABY ! AND LUKE WILSON AND HIS BROTHERS ARE ONE TALENTED GROUP CHECK OUT BOTTLE ROCKET IF U LIKED THIS UNDERRATED GEM -- AND CATHERINE O`HARA IS PERFECT AND BRILLIANT AS THE CRAZED MOM FROM HELL WHO YOU GOT TA LOVE -- WHAT OTHERS REFER TO AS A MONOTONE DELIVERY STYLE OF DIALOGUE IS JUST THIS ASKEWED MOVIES WAY OF DEADPANNING THE ABSURD -- BUT FOR ME IT WORKED IN SPADES ! METHINKS THE WILSON BROTHERS ARE GIVING THE COHEN BROTHERS A RUN FOR THEIR MONEY -- KEEP IT UP YOU GUYS -- WE EAT THIS UP !
 I must say that Home Fries is a good movie i was n't crazy about seeing it in theaters but when it came out on video i decided to rent it good thing i liked it alot but really is the performances from Drew Barrymore and Catherine O ' Hara is awesome so go rent it you are bound to be pleased .
 Drew was exceptional -- poignant , sweet , silly and determined.Along with other actors , Duvall etc. portrayed interesting characters with some dimension . I came away curious about her little brother , andwanted to know more . In some ways a `` Tobacco Road '' . Every laugh is caught in a gasp , and each gasp ends in a laugh .
 This movie is built on characterizations and macacbre humor . It 's not necessarily a romance `` chick flick , '' but rather a detour into dark humor with an idiotic plot . By saying `` idiotic , '' I surely do n't mean `` bad . '' Actually , this kind of movie is perfect for the odd twists and turns it has.It 's been very misunderstood probably because of the fact that it was clearly marketed as a `` chick flick '' -- and when viewers expecting another cute `` Never Been Kissed '' style movie from the fact that Drew Barrymore is in it -- it gets mostly negative reactions.It 's actually a good movie . Perhaps it 's an aquired taste ; but then there are movies such as `` Beetlejuice '' that sort of contain the same over the top , macabre humor . And `` Beetlejuice '' was very popular back in the 80 's . A great example of this humor is in place when the mother -LRB- Catherine O'Hara -RRB- tells one of her two sons that she likes them exactly the same , and holding two fingers a couple inches apart , she says , `` with a difference of this much . '' And the plot is none the less actually entertaining . It 's kind of fun to know what happens next.I 'd give it 41/2 stars , but there is no `` 1/2 '' so 5 stars it 'll be . -LRB- Also , the main rating for this is kind of low as well , so why not give it some help ? -RRB-
 I saw the trailer for this film numerous times in the theatre . I thought it was going to be another run of the mill comedy that just happens to take place in a greasy fast food joint . Not even close ! This movie is strange and should someday earn cult status . Besides I like watching Drew Barrymore .
 This movie is intelligent , fun , and portrays small town life in a hauntingly truthful way.The actors are wonderfully cast . Drew shows a sweet and delightfully innocent side to a character usually doomed to wear a `` Scarlet Letter '' . Her family , portrayed by Shelley Duvall , her mother , Lanny Flaherty , her father , and little brother Benny , Zachary Moore , are the epitone of the tragedy , enmeshment , and love that binds families seeking refuge in family crisis centers all over the world daily . To see their lives juxtaposed with the insanity of the `` normal '' family life of `` Dorian '' , played by Luke Wilson his brother Angus , played by Jake Busey , and their borderline personalitly mother played by Catherine O ' Hara was hilarious and poignant . Will we ever hear or see from Benny again ? He played a very belivable little brother to Drew , they even look alike .
 I found this film to be very enjoyable , even though the film was n't in the theaters very long , that does n't mean it is not great . It is very good , and very funny.It is dark , but that is where the humor is . Drew Berrymore is very good in this film and Luke Wilson also shines in the film . They make a very romantic couple in the dark situation in the film , that makes it very funny.As far as the DVD is concerned , the disc is fairly good . The sound is great , and the picture quality is great . It contains a theatrical trailer and cast credits.I would have liked have seen some extras , but I think that Warner Bros. have cut back on what they put on their discs , but at less that $ 14.99 , the disc is a must buy.I highly recommend this film .
 This movie has enough plot twists and comic relief to keep anyone 's attention . Loved Drew Barrymore . I found myself getting pulled in by the drama , only to laugh outloud . A fun relief from reality . That is what movies are for , are n't they ?
 i went to this movie intending to be disgusted because it looked like one of those `` romantic comedies '' all the girls are so fond of these days . but i had a free movie pass about to expire and i figured `` why not ? '' . it turned out to be more insane then romantic ! which i thought was cool , because ... you know ... insanity is always good .
 This movie is very funny . Appreciating it 's dry , intelligent humor you will like it more every time you watch it . The characters portray a range of human traits that are humorous because we all know people representative of those traits . The acting was especially good on the part of Luke Wilson and Drew Barrymore . Wilson is so natural at it . His facial expressions are hilarious when his character is uncomfortable . His body language reminds me of what Jimmy Stewart does in some of his comedies . And Drew acts with charm and believability . Try watching the movie in closed-captioned you may notice more of the mumbled language that makes the movie funnier.There are a lot of funny things but you have to pay attention to catch them . There is a scene where the sheriff and his deputy are walking away from a dead person in an old drive-in movie theater and they walk zig zag around the benches to get back to their car instead of climbling over them . One scene show Luke 's character , Dorian , thinking of hamburger assembly while at a funeral.Enjoy all the little subtle things
 I just love this movie . Drew Barrymore plays the charachter of Sally , who is really likeable and sweet.You ca n't help but fall in love with `` Sally 's '' gentle , sensitive personality and the fact that she always trys to be the best person that she can be . Luke Wilson , who is one of the best looking men on the planet , portrays Dorian , an equally kind and lovable character who has to deal with a crazy mother & brother , while falling in love with Sally . `` Home Fries '' is a great movie about getting over the hurdles of life and fighting to be with the one you love .
 WARNER 's ROMANTIC COMEDY
 Love it . Could see it again and again . Sweet romance , truly delirious black comedy , featuring the best and the worst of human aspirations . Two grown sons still trying to please their crazy-making , manipulative mother ... chivalry and heroics in a burger joint ... and real suspense amidst extreme characters and the loveliest subtleties in humor ... Luke Wilson can do no wrong . So funny .
 `` Home Fries '' is basically a dysfunctional comedy-drama about two brothers out to kill their unfaithful father 's mistress , a fast-food cashier , because their vengeful mother -LRB- Catherine ' O Hara -RRB- asked them to . The mistress , Sally , who is nearly 9 months pregnant -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- , unwittingly charms one of the brothers -LRB- Luke Wilson -RRB- and falls in love with Sally . Then , things go downhill . The other brother , Angus , figures out Sally is their dad 's mistress , and Wilson wants to protect her , because Angus wants to kill Sally.Despite the dysfunctional plot , `` Home Fries '' is affectionately charming , witty , and not exactly seamlessly fits comedy , romance , a little mystery , and drama . All in all , `` Home Fries '' is good family fun , despite its PG-13 rating.Rated PG-13 for thematic elements , language , and brief violence .
 Home Fries is an endearing dark comedy . The movie is filled with wild , weird twists and turns revolving around the death of a cheating step-father . The movie is flat out , laugh out loud funny . There is also a completely charming romance between one of the step-sons and the pregnant girlfriend of the step-dad . Drew Barrymore is radiant as the girlfriend and Luke Wilson is perfect as her messed up suitor.Add Catherine O'Hara as the crazy Mom and Jake Busey as the going crazy brother-and you have a do n't miss movie !
 Home Fries is a great movie about a young women , Sally , played by Drew Barrymore , who is just trying to find a father for her unborn baby . The real father died of a mysterious heart attack . The man she finds , Dorian , played by Luke Wilson , played a mayjor part in the real fathers death.Drew Barrymore and Luke Wilson had great chemistry on camera . I recomend this movie to fans of either Drew , Luke , and comedic romance movies . It has a great plot , is funny , romantic , and keeps you wondering what will happen next .
 This is the sort of movie you have to be sick -LRB- in a cool way -RRB- to appreciate . This movie was previewed as a romantic comedy but I 'm glad it turned out to have an edge.I am a tremendous fan of dark comedy ever since I saw Arsenic and Old Lace at the age of six . Therefore , I kind of feel like I know something about the genre . If you were expecting something cute to give you warm fuzzies , this is SO not the movie for you.However , if your idea of comedy is to watch madcap murder mayhem with some romance added to balance it out , the check out Home Fries , it 's worth the view !
 I rented this movie last night . Before watching it , I came on here and read the reviews . It helped alot to see what others were saying about the movie . When I rented it , I was expecting a romantic comedy with the usual twist and turns . After reading some of the reviews , I realized it was going to be something different . Since knowing beforehand about the basic nature of the movie , I really enjoyed it very much . It was certainly different and I can understand how some people may not have liked it as well as others . I definately feel like the movie may have appealed to women moreso than men because of the extreme sex appeal of Luke Wilson ! That shy boyish charm of his made the movie worth watching to me . He reminded me so much of a young Nicolas Cage ! Drew Barrymore was great as usual , but I absolutely think Luke Wilson made the movie . He exuded a charm that made it hard to think of anyone else playing that part . It was n't the greatest movie of all times and certainly was n't a movie that would appeal to everyone , but I liked it .
 Definitely a chick flick . A good value to get 4 movies with one shipping cost .
 It was weird ! Half the people acted crazy , especially Luke Wilson 's brother and Mama ! Besides they both killed their stepfather can you believe it ? Drew Barrymore this was not your best at all , but their were still some sad and funny , and of course cute parts , so most people -LRB- if you like Drew Barrymore , like me -RRB- would like it okay . K !
 This movie is really good , with good-humored comedy , drama , and romance . The music really fits , and Drew Barrymore and Luke Wilson are charming in this `` two-thumbs up '' movie . Rated PG-13 for violence , language , and a scene of sensuality .
 I enjoyed this movie tremendously . It was original . It was funny and yes it was weird but it was a good weird . I really love the chemistry between Drew and Luke . You really believe how much they feel for each other . It 's too bad they are n't together anymore I think they made a wonderful couple . You have to get this movie . Have an open mind and have fun watching this strange and wonderful movie .
 This movie was extreamly enjoyable . I have seen it three times already and I rented it only last week . It was extreamly funny , but with that type of humer that some people love , and some people just do n't get . Drew Barrymore plyed a slightly ditzy character wonderfully , Luke Wilson was great , Red was hilarious , etc etc etc. . . Definatly the best !!!
 I 'm going to contradict myself now . If anyone has read my review on Scanners -LRB- good film , buy that if you buy this -RRB- , you 'll know that I downmarked it because it has aged . As should of this movie.Call me fickle , but I do n't feel it so much with this . I do n't know why - I really do n't . I suppose it 's because there is less to ground you onto the year.Anyhow , moving on , the film is an alternate Carrie . Alternate because the girl who is psychic is n't anything but normal . She is confused and upset about what is happening to her , but soon realises that she has to take control to avoid manipulation.I think the entire film , beautifully shot and executed , is just a build up for the final scene . I have never seen such a powerful minute of cinematography in many a moon . Top marks to all involved for the effect on this one . I say no more.Suffice to say , this film is n't interested in blowing up towns , in mass death and destruction . Indeed , the few deaths that occur are uncommonly tragic , especially the suicide of one of the main characters . Death is treated as it is , painful and uncomfortable.Okay . Now the final line . It 's good . If you enjoyed Carrie , Scanners , Kirk Douglas , any of the Cronenberg type films , you will like this .
 This is a very well done movie for the time that it was filmed . We did n't have the superlative special effects of ILM to enhance this movie so we have to depend on the acting ability of the cast . Kirk Douglas , a young Amy Irving , Charles Durning , Carrie Snodgress , John Casssavetes and of course Andrew Stevens . The cast alone should entice you to see this one . Without going into too much of the plot , yes a horror/thriller movie can have a plot . Kirk Douglas has been searching for his son played by Andrew Stevens , in order to get him back from a nasty bunch of folks at a government run facility for especially gifted children with extraordinary mental abilities . Lots of action , suspense filled , a joy to watch Andrew and Amy when they both must have been just out of their teens . Portions of this movie , especially at the end are not for children or preteens , if you do n't want them up all night . But for the true horror/suspense fanatic this movie is right up your alley . Buy it and you will not be sorry you did !!!
 Here 's an overlooked gem by the always controversial -LRB- at least back then -RRB- Brian De Palma , fresh from the success of another telekinetic thriller , Carrie . The story concerns two teen siblings who possess exceptional mental powers , and the people around them who know of their gifts , some of whom try to protect them , and others with more exploitative motives . Though the pace slows in spots , the whole conspiracy element -LRB- a favorite theme in many BDP films -RRB- keeps the overall story compelling as the young protagonists move towards their ill-fated reunion.A dynamic and sympathetic performance by Amy Irving drives this dark , somewhat pessimistic tale ... . the solid cast of veteran and character actors flesh out the mostly offbeat roles and compliment the unpredictable twists of the story 's relentlessly rambling pace . The pre-Spielberg John Williams score wonderfully conveys the mounting sense of dread , one of the most haunting soundtracks he 's composed . You can almost hear director De Palma fiendishly cackling as the efforts of virtually every protagonist are proven to no avail , and ultimately -LRB- spoiler ahead -RRB- the evil forces come out triumphant ... . until a most satisfyingly incendiary finale . Whoa , Amy!What made De Palma 's earlier work most distinctive -LRB- love it or hate it -RRB- was , along with the obvious Hitchcockian references , avoiding the usual `` Hollywood Happy Ending '' ... . he wanted us to remember that the bad guys were still out there , that everything did n't wrap up and even out and work in everyone 's favor . This edge has dissipated in the course of his more mainstream work -LRB- though there is a taste of it in `` Mission Impossible '' -RRB- , but the message in these more `` outlaw '' films still carries an impact , gives us much to consider on the matter of Powers That Be . A minimally-flawed , dizzyingly filmed and very haunting movie with an attitude .
 I recently viewed this movie again -LRB- I saw it back in 1980 on television -RRB- and it still holds up nicely , like most of Mr. DePalma 's films . The derailing electric train , the woman going through the windshield -LRB- very shocking -RRB- , the other woman being `` spin dried '' telekinetically and the better-than-the-novel finale all add up to a disturbing but hard-to-forget rollercoaster ride .
 A very good motion picture with an all star cast that includes Nancy Allen , Kirk Douglas and Angie Dickinson . A Brian DePalma film that means very scary movie .
 I remember this film well & have nothing but good things to say about it . Kirk Douglas , & Amy Irving were very good in their portrayals , as was sexy Andrew Stevens . I love when his eyes turn that bright blue color , & watching him get angry in the film makes him even sexier . I 'd like to add that John Cassavettes was perfectly cast as the bad guy here & the plot was fun to watch.My only regret about the DVD release is the fact that the original poster ad was n't used on the jacket . The one of the man & woman that reads ... `` an experience in terror & suspense '' . Obviously the two were supposed to have been Amy & Andrew , though the woman in the ad bore little resemblance -LRB- if any -RRB- to Amy & the man looked nothing at all like Andrew Stevens.Another thing is I loved the scene towards the end when Andrew Stevens is spinning around that woman , it was very intense & alot of fun to watch . I will always consider this among the greatest horror films ever made & a Brian DePalma masterpiece . Check this one out .
 If you 've seen _ Scanners _ or _ Firestarter _ , you can probably guess what happens when shadowy government agencies and telekinetic wunderkinds mix . At times , the story and the dialogue are laughably stupid , but director Brian DePalma 's considerable talents bring the quality up a notch . Also , John Cassavetes turns in one wicked performance as an evil government operative . Rivers of gore and DePalma 's bold camera moves make this one more disturbing than you 'd expect .
 This sci-fi horror espionage thriller has a weak script and clumsy plot but some beautiful horror set pieces . As with Brian De Palma 's previous film , CARRIE , the focus here is a sweet young girl -LRB- Amy Irving -RRB- with awesome telekinetic powers . She 's searching for her `` psychic twin '' captured by a secret government agency for use as a military weapon ; Kirk Douglas plays the boy 's superspy father who 's also looking for him . As with CARRIE , you fall in love with the girl just as the most awful things start happening to her -- and , this being De Palma , those awful things involve lots and lots of blood . The movie builds its tension slowly , leisurely , and then , wham , you 're hit with some of the most intense horror sequences ever put on film . De Palma 's a very smart director who 's not all that interested in script or plot -- he 's just interested in orchestrating the terror sequences for maximum effect . If you give in to the film 's sometimes quirky rhythms and oddball attempts at humor , it 's quite a ride .
 Exuberant and glossy , this DePalma follow-up to CARRIE is a telekinetic feast . Incredulous and mind-blowing , this is a great pop movie with some fabulous DePalma sequences -- Amy Irving 's flashback on the stairs is a dizzying and imaginative plot-mover ; the opening assault will take you by complete surprise . In addition , there are some affecting performances mixed in among the hambone , but effective , performances of Kirk Douglas and especially John Cassavettes , who plays this role as if he is Rosemary 's husband all grown up and evil . Carrie Snodgress is truly moving in a way too small role , and Amy Irving glows in those richly textured close-ups DePalma does so well . The story is compelling , if a bit convoluted , what with its undertone of doom and a special-effects romance that never plays itself out . If you love engrossing suspense/horror films , you ca n't miss with this one . John Williams ' dense and lyrical score adds a mesmerizing dimension to the increasingly gory proceedings ... And the finale is supremely satisfying .
 I saw this movie when I was very young and always wanted to see it again . I have always liked Amy Irving and Andrew Stevens . I wish they had more movies . Of course , Kirk Douglas , was to die for ; great actor .
 Kirk Douglas is authoritative as parental ideal opposing John Cassavetes as government ogre , dramatizing de Palma 's shockingly graphic theme of the generation gap in this deeply-dystopian political allegory .
 In my opinion `` The Fury '' ranks right up there with the best of all time . Very few horror films made today take the time to tell the viewer a story like `` The Fury '' . It 's sad because the formula used to scare us back in the 70 's seems like it 's been lost forever.Two things that bother me whenever I hear and/or read in a review of this film are , 1 -RRB- calling it an unabashed `` Carrie '' follow-up , and 2 -RRB- critics citing it as a difficult story to follow . First of all , this film and `` Carrie '' are MILES apart in style , tone , mood , character , story , and genre that it makes it sound retarded to compare the two . I do n't remember people calling Stephen King 's `` Firestarter '' `` Carrie 2 '' , and it was a lot more closer to `` Carrie '' than this film ever was ; and , `` Firestarter '' also plagiarized this novel/film for its basic storyline.The story is this
 Two things that bother me whenever I hear and/or read in a review of this film are , 1 -RRB- calling it an unabashed `` Carrie '' follow-up , and 2 -RRB- critics citing it as a difficult story to follow . First of all , this film and `` Carrie '' are MILES apart in style , tone , mood , character , story , and genre that it makes it sound retarded to compare the two . I do n't remember people calling Stephen King 's `` Firestarter '' `` Carrie 2 '' , and it was a lot more closer to `` Carrie '' than this film ever was ; and , `` Firestarter '' also plagiarized this novel/film for its basic storyline.The story is this
 I 'm going to contradict myself now . If anyone has read my review on Scanners -LRB- good film , buy that if you buy this -RRB- , you 'll know that I downmarked it because it has aged . As should of this movie.Call me fickle , but I do n't feel it so much with this . I do n't know why - I really do n't . I suppose it 's because there is less to ground you onto the year.Anyhow , moving on , the film is an alternate Carrie . Alternate because the girl who is psychic is n't anything but normal . She is confused and upset about what is happening to her , but soon realises that she has to take control to avoid manipulation.I think the entire film , beautifully shot and executed , is just a build up for the final scene . I have never seen such a powerful minute of cinematography in many a moon . Top marks to all involved for the effect on this one . I say no more.Suffice to say , this film is n't interested in blowing up towns , in mass death and destruction . Indeed , the few deaths that occur are uncommonly tragic , especially the suicide of one of the main characters . Death is treated as it is , painful and uncomfortable.Okay . Now the final line . It 's good . If you enjoyed Carrie , Scanners , Kirk Douglas , any of the Cronenberg type films , you will like this .
 `` The Fury '' is another Brian DePalma flick dealing with telekinetic abilties . This time it 's Amy Irving -LRB- from Carrie -RRB- as the girl with the amazing mental powers . She 's awesome ! Her struggle to understand and deal with her state is portrayed brilliantly . Meanwhile , Kirk Douglas is a government agent , betrayed by his own partner -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- who tries to assassinate Douglas . He escapes death and goes underground . His son -LRB- who also has telekinetic abilities -RRB- is taken by the government to be used as a weapon . Douglas goes on a hunt for his son -LRB- Andrew Stevens -RRB- , stopping at nothing to get him back from Cassavetes and the dark agency he represents . Eventually , Kirk Douglas ' character meets up with Amy Irving ; and gets her to help him . Lots of great DePalma touches throughout ! Of course , everyone knows about the fantastic `` explosion '' finale . `` The Fury '' would be a cool part of a triple feature with `` Carrie '' and `` Scanners '' ! Watch for Dennis Franz in a funny role as a cop . John Williams does the music , so how can you lose ? ...
 You already know the plot , so I 'll get right to the meat of it . `` The Fury '' is one of the coolest De Palma movies there is . I first saw this movie on TNT when Joe Bob Briggs did a show called Friday night Monstervision . He did drive-in totals , and I 'm sure those totals would help you now.This movie has
 Brian DePalma has n't made a fully satisfying film since `` Dressed To Kill '' in 1980 . During the same year , I saw an edited version of DePalma 's `` The Fury '' on CBS-Network television . I recently saw an uncut version of this film . `` The Fury '' takes viewers back to a time when DePalma even knew how to make `` Great Bad Movies . `` A government agent -LRB- John Cassavetes -RRB- kidnaps the telepathic son -LRB- Andrew Stevens -RRB- of an old colleague -LRB- Kirk Douglas -RRB- . Douglas sets out to rescue Stevens with the help of an old girlfriend -LRB- Carrie Snodgress -RRB- and another telepath -LRB- Amy Irving -RRB- . `` The Fury '' is a true guilty pleasure from DePalma . DePalma 's efforts to combine the horror and spy movie genres is hokey . Some of the dialogue between the characters is absolutely ridiculous . Nevertheless , `` The Fury '' is still a very good film . Unlike such recent DePalma failures as `` Mission To Mars '' and `` Raising Cain , '' `` The Fury '' is a flawed movie that still manages to be highly memorable and entertaining . The film is much more entertaining than DePalma 's plastic Hollywood blockbuster `` Mission
 i really love this movie it 's very unique from all those other 70 's horror movies i 've seen very good ending well i guess you can call it more of a suspense then horror but what ever it is it 's a real good movie !
 `` The Fury '' is another masterpiece of modern horror directed by Brian DePalma who also directed such blockbusters as `` Body Double , '' `` Dressed To Kill , '' and one of my personal favorites , `` Carrie . '' Both `` Carrie '' and `` The Fury '' deal with teenagers with telekinetic powers . No one suspected Carrie White had telekinesis until it was too late . On prom night , she killed most all of her classmates and teachers and is eventually murdered by her mom . In `` The Fury , '' our government discovers that two teenagers , Robin and Gillian , have telekinesis and want to use them as weapons . This same plot was visited again a few years later by Stephen King in `` Fire Starter . `` Movie legend , Kirk Douglas , is Peter Sanza , who is desperately searching for his son , Robin , who was stolen from him . His shootouts and car chases with the Federal agents is the action/thriller part of the movie . The horror part is what Robin and Gillian can do to their victims
 THE FURY -LRB- USA - 1978 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 Exuberant and glossy , this DePalma follow-up to CARRIE is a telekinetic feast . Incredulous and mind-blowing , this is a great pop movie with some fabulous DePalma sequences -- Amy Irving 's flashback on the stairs is a dizzying and imaginative plot-mover ; the opening assault will take you by complete surprise . In addition , there are some affecting performances mixed in among the hambone , but effective , performances of Kirk Douglas and especially John Cassavettes , who plays this role as if he is Rosemary 's husband all grown up and evil . Carrie Snodgress is truly moving in a way too small role , and Amy Irving glows in those richly textured close-ups DePalma does so well . The story is compelling , if a bit convoluted , what with its undertone of doom and a special-effects romance that never plays itself out . If you love engrossing suspense/horror films , you ca n't miss with this one . John Williams ' dense and lyrical score adds a mesmerizing dimension to the increasingly gory proceedings ... And the finale is supremely satisfying .
 Pleasure yes , but hardly a guilty one . This is De Palma 's most staggering display of moxie -- his attempt to out-Hitchcock Hitchcock at every turn . Oh sure , the story 's kind of a `` Carrie '' retread , and the plot does n't make perfect sense , but who cares ? This movie is an exercise in sheer technique , nowhere on display more than the classic ending -- a spewing , multi-angle Grande Guignol spectacle that gives nothing but satisfaction . My favorite actor , John Cassavetes -- maybe the only villain in film history who keeps his broken arm in a black sling -- plays it for all it 's worth . This is a gloriously bloody movie .
 The Fury and Carrie and Blow Out ... all those fabulous Brian DePalma movies from the seventies , they really still hold up today . Maybe it 's nostalgia on my part , but I still love to watch them.The Fury seems complex at first , but it 's really not . I still do n't know why there are Arabs at the beginning shooting and blowing things up - they have nothing to do with the rest of the story as far as I can tell - but it does n't matter . It 's about a father trying to save his son from the bad guys . It 's exciting , tragic and VERY cool.The carnival sequence with Andrew Stevens and EVERY moment that Amy Irving is onscreen are the best parts .
 One can not go wrong with Kirk Douglas . Very different . Intense acting and a unique story line . Very interesting .
 A secretive dark government snakes its way through both thenarrative as well as the character portrayals ... an abductionorchestrated by a black-suited leader with a penchant for cigarettes ... the X-Files , right?Not so fast ; Brian DePalma and John Farris were the artistsfor this motion picture , not Mr. S. King or Mr. C. Carter.And when I say ` artists ' , I mean just that ; not some massmarket hype-a-rama telling you the film is important and thatyou WILL see it at any cost.Take my word for it
 The Fury is one of Brian De Palma 's more uneven , rocky entries in his career , but , as with almost all of his films , his talent behind the camera and his ability to get the most out of his actors overcomes all the film 's shortcomings.Kirk Douglas stars as Peter , an employee of a secret government agency whose son , Robin , has telepathic powers . After a lighthearted , calming beginning , De Palma delivers what he is best at
 Long maligned as an Alfred Hitchcock rip-off , Brian de Palma can rest on his laurels , having given us such visually stunning examples of horrific ballet . In `` The Fury '' there are so many scenes of intense but beautiful violence that you wonder where the imagery originated . While DePalma has often said he was influenced by the masterful Hithcock , he does n't rip him off ; he accentuates the master with his visually stunning style.The slomo and quiet scene in which Carrie Snodgress meets an untimely fate is mesmerizing , even knowing what the ultimate outcome is ; likewise the scenes where Amy Irving `` sees '' events that have or will happen . DePalma 's camera swerves and sizzles . The lovely Fiona Lewis ' demise is horrifically fascinating in its cruelty . -LRB- No , I 'm not sadistic -RRB- . The cast
 I totally enjoyed the film . As a parent of three gifted children it was very believeable for me and I rooted for Douglas all the way . Filled with action , tragedy as well as a bit of comedy , it held me to my seat until the explosive ending . It 's a film I will enjoy again and again !!!!
 A 70 's potboiler horror story , John Casavettes hamming it up , Amy Irving being `` sensitive , '' and director Brian DePalma way-way out on a limb . What more do you want ? A very fine guilty pleasure .
 After the success of Carrie director Brian DePalma received a bigger budget to tackle a similar subject , this time the girl with mysterious mental abilities is played by Amy Irving -LRB- who played Carrie 's well meaning classmate -RRB- . When Kirk Douglas 's son is kidnapped by a secret organization and he discovers that Irving who is trapped in a special `` school '' is having dreams of his son he tries to rescue his son with her help.As this is a Brian DePalma movie nothing goes as planned.It did n't make a splash during it 's initial release because it has too many things going on and does n't have the strong performances of Carrie.However it 's filled with gruesome stylish moments.In every DePalma film there 's always a big intricate suspense sequence and in this one there 's a great slow motion escape attempt that ends in tragedy.John Williams who created his Jaws score around this time created one of his best most sinister scores for this film -LRB- the menacing opening credit music is still chilling today -RRB- . The Fury is a meanspirited film with a great dramatic final scene and it 's also one of the most well crafted horror movies of the 70 's . It may not be as emotional as Carrie but is still a very good cruel movie .
 after `` carrie '' brian de palma chose this esp thriller and in back to back movies showed that he was really talented after all.the fury starts out as spy kirk douglas and son andrew stevens are getting ready to leave the middle east for america . john cassavetes is a family friend and douglas 's boss who shows up to eat with them when terrorist attack the resteruant they are eatting at and appear to kill douglas . really it is the plan of cassavetes to take stevens , because he has very high powers of esp , and train him to be a weapon for the goverment.as they leave we learn douglas is alive and now he starts a search for his son and a run from cassavetes men at the same time . -LRB- even here he pulls out his hitchcock double chase card , but uses it very well here -RRB- . enter amy irving as a girl with the same powers and a link of sorts to stevens and now douglas has to teens to save . filled with de palma 's little touches -LRB- slow motion action scene , blood from everywhere , great camera angles , and every trick he has to let you know that this is a ` `` de palma '' movie . and the end puts a whole new meaning to the phrase `` go to hell '' . check it out !!!
 `` Killing him is n't punishment enough . '' Elise -LRB- Christensen -RRB- hugs her son goodbye and goes to work . Craig -LRB- Metcalfe -RRB- is going to play soccer with him but goes in the house to get sunscreen for him . He looks out the window and sees a man grab him and run off . Unable to catch up to the truck he calls the police but the do n't find the boy in time . When they hear the the kidnappers punishment is only 25 years to life they take it upon themselves to give him the sentence he deserves . My disclaimer for this is the same I had for `` God Bless America '' . I am in no way advocating what is in this movie but it 's something that almost everyone would agree with . The parents find a way to kidnap the kidnapper and proceed to torture him in a way that is both disturbing and satisfying in order to make him feel what he did to their son . While not quite to the level of `` Saw '' or `` Hostel '' there are still some pretty graphic scenes in this that make you want to turn away a couple times . There really is n't that much to this movie except the torture , but if you liked movies like `` Death Sentence '' then you will love this one as well . I did . Overall , a disturbing , graphic and satisfying movie that actually has a neat ending that shows you why you should n't take the law into your own hands . I give it a B + .
 This is one of those movies that really puts in perspective what a parent would do to make a child murderer feel the same pain as their child felt . Can be tough at times to watch -LRB- at least for my wife -RRB- but I enjoyed it .
 This seems like a remake of the French film 7 days although not as good and there are changes such as the twist.I liked it mainly because Bill Moseley was so good in it and I love him as a villian.Jesse Metcalfe was not as convincing in his role as the distraught father although he was better than expected and fun to look at because he 's obviously beautiful.Erika Christensen 's character as the grieving mother and was pretty convincing and desperate.The young couple have a son about 6 who is playing outside with his father and during the few minutes it takes the father `` Metcalfe '' to go inside to get sun screen a van has pulls up and snatches the young boy , Metcalf comes out just in time to see this occurring and chases the van to no avail then calls the police . . They find the boy dead inside the home of a child serial killer `` Moseley '' who has a strange ritual in which he puts on make up a tiara and plays the song Hush little baby then terrorizes the child `` very , very disturbing and creepy '' . . They do n't show any actual abuse to the child but the crime scene leave little to the imagination as to what has happened.The mother and father go all rouge and take out the van that is transporting him to prison they cause an accident , get him then lock him in a cabin in the woods strapped to a table , luckily Metcalfe 's character is a doctor so he can torture him and keep him alive even kill him and bring him back to life.I myself did n't see the twist coming and it was pretty shocking.It 's quite hard to watch at times and there is some gore.Not bad but not as good as 7 Days .
 This seems like a remake of the French film 7 days although not as good and there are changes such as the twist.I liked it mainly because Bill Moseley was so good in it and I love him as a villian.Jesse Metcalfe was not as convincing in his role as the distraught father although he was better than expected and fun to look at because he 's obviously beautiful.Erika Christensen 's character as the grieving mother and was pretty convincing and desperate.The young couple have a son about 6 who is playing outside with his father and during the few minutes it takes the father `` Metcalfe '' to go inside to get sun screen a van has pulls up and snatches the young boy , Metcalf comes out just in time to see this occurring and chases the van to no avail then calls the police . . They find the boy dead inside the home of a child serial killer `` Moseley '' who has a strange ritual in which he puts on make up a tiara and plays the song Hush little baby then terrorizes the child `` very , very disturbing and creepy '' . . They do n't show any actual abuse to the child but the crime scene leave little to the imagination as to what has happened.The mother and father go all rouge and take out the van that is transporting him to prison they cause an accident , get him then lock him in a cabin in the woods strapped to a table , luckily Metcalfe 's character is a doctor so he can torture him and keep him alive even kill him and bring him back to life.I myself did n't see the twist coming and it was pretty shocking.It 's quite hard to watch at times and there is some gore.Not bad but not as good as 7 Days .
 I did like this movie even though there were parts that were a little too graphic for me . The end had a bit of a surprising twist .
 Although compelling and well-acted , I have strong feelings about this film and do n't want to create a series of spoilers . A couple loses their child to a serial killer and hatches a plot to exact revenge on the man who did n't get what he deserved in the justice system . Actually , I 've seen all the ` banned ' films , including HC2 , Salo , Serbian Film , and I did n't have to put something over my face and turn down the sound like with this film . The moral I came away with is that I could n't go to those lengths no matter what was done to me or my family . Looking at the man 's face during the ` action ' was very sad , disturbing and real . *** Possible Spoiler
 Twisted produced this gem and if you have seen any of the Saws and liked them then you will like this one .
 What happened to that nice sexy boy toy in Desperate Housewives ? He is all grown up and able to torment someone to the point where I had to cover my eyes a few times . The movie is quite good for this type of low budget thriller . A twist ending that you can predict quite easily . Very watchable but be prepared for all the graphic torture .
 This is a real gruesom and extremely intense movie.It kept me on the edge of my seat through out the entire movie.This was a very good movie . It just makes you realize what a parent will go through to seek justice for the death of a child , and what they would do when the courts do n't . This movie was truely heartbreaking .
 I have to keep stopping this movie , taking a breath and then resuming it . my daughter watched it last night and said i had to see it . so far i will give it 4 stars just for the fact that i can not remember the last time a movie actually had me holding my breath like this !
 This movie is very surreal and confusing , but if you are a native of New Orleans , or grew up there , in some strange way you will appreciate this movie . It is an esoterical mess , but the black and white scenes and the scenes from from the city are some of the best in NOLA movie history . Seeing Ernie K-Doe was a real treat . It ai n't A Streetcar Named Desire or even Heaven 's Prisoners , but it has some redeeming qualities .
 Where else can you see such fights as Sting vs. Phill Collens ? Or Rob Zombie vs. Ozzie Osbourne ? Or Hanson vs. The Spice Girls ? Or Alfred Hitchcock vs. Steven Spielberg ? Or Mills Lane vs. Judge Judy ? Or Bigfoot vs. The Lockness Monster ? Or The Backstreet Boys vs. The Beastie Boys in giant mechanical robots ?!!! Anyway , if you 've always wanted to see that celebrity that you hate get his/her @ $ $ kicked six ways from Sunday , than this is the show for you !
 The real time gore of Celebrity Deathmatch is finally out onvideo ! If you like clay figures beating the **** out of each otheruntil one pulls out the other ones intestines , you 'll love this tape ! FOR MATURE AUDIENCES ONLY ! Can you handle it ?
 I 've already seen a preview copy for this video and it 's fantastic ! There ` se nothing better -LRB- on tv at least -RRB- than watching your favourite Celebs take each other out in the ring , and this video goes to the extreme!More than 8 great fights plus a never-seen-on-tv bit as well ! Another great video from MTV 's Celebrity Deathmatch Department !
 My best DVD so ever , Celebrity Deathmatch RULES !
 Even after a notably dissatisfying experience with season one of CD -LRB- see review -RRB- , I decided to try this season after making sure the product was actually as advertised.In short , this has been a much better experience.Sound Quality : GoodVideo quality : Good.-Unlike the ` season 1 ' set Amazon is currently offering , this set is original and unedited , maintaining its original quality.Content-Original and unedited-Commercial freePresentation : Amazons unbox player is problematic and leaves very much to be desired in terms of functionality , and that 's being generous but once you fight through it , it will deliver . Windows media player ... well , it 's windows media player . . nuff said , except that even the latest update of WMP 11 has problems downloading the licences from amazon and wont play all the content.Summary : Original , unedited , good quality and decent price . The only drawback is UnboxRecommendation . If you like CD and can deal with Unbox -LRB- which is a stretch -RRB- then this content is worth purchasing , . Note : This content is available free for viewing at -LSB- ... -RSB- , however , the video quality of their webcast is low and not surprisingly , MTV has stuffed even more annoying commercials into the webcast than were aired on the original broadcasts . Between the loss of quality and the commercials , its not really worth recording and editing . On the other hand , Amazons $ 1.99 per individual episode or $ 1.60 per ep for the set of 8 is worth the price if you are a CD fan .
 That genius Eric Fogel and crew have once again surpassed themselves with the amazing animation of walking - talking clay figurines of real life celebs . The comic endings are a wonder to behold ; especially the Chris Rock Vs Adam Sandler Match OH HELL YEAH , and that brings me to the Stone Cold Steve Austin Vs Vince McMahon bout , even better that the real thing ! The other fights on the card were equally impressive and the behind the scenes footage is worthyXC . Buy it now .
 Fun movie with great talent ! Especially suited for young people wanting to be in music . Like a grown up `` Glee '' ... Nice family movie .
 `` Christmas
 Not Broken takes a view from a different perspective than other Hurricane Katrina documentaries . It takes into account people 's faith and how it helped them through this tragedy . It shows how this devastating hurricane showed no prejudice against who it effected . It is a very moving film , compliments of an amazing soundtrack , not like any other Katrina documentaries . It 's a must see !
 Thank you all for viewing my last independent film . When I started the journey of writing this screenplay , the voices of the characters carried me around the country . I enjoyed writing it , almost as much as I enjoyed shooting it . Great job talent and crew.Timothy WillisDirector/Producer
 This Movie was extremely entertaining and its message was positively enlightening . A relevant film to be viewed in our society today of bullying , malcontent and greed . This film highlights the fact that some people will stop at nothing in order to fatten their own pockets and live the high life at other 's expense ... Eventhough this is a low budgeted film , producers , cameramen , actors and all associates are appreciated for lending their talents to such a worthwhile endeavor and for that I am amazed and touched that there are still people in this world who knows there are different ways of getting messages out that are both rewarding and spiritually fulfilling .
 This movie was a great inspirational story about the challenges of life and fatherhood . It had a feel good ending and those are always great .
 This was one of the best short films I had ever seen . I loved the soundtrack just as much as I loved the movie itself .
 Very innovative and captivating.The movie speaks for itself , watch it with your woman , your man and if you do n't do it for the love of anyone else atleast do it for the love of you !
 I want to congratulate each and every actor . The performances were impeccable ! Watching my son `` Martel Huggins '' just blew me away . We must support Black films ... its very important to keep our youth , and young adults lifted ! Last but not least , `` Thank you '' Tiara Luten ! Thank you for giving not just my son but all the actors a chance to display their amazing talent .
 For a first-time filmmaker to develop an at-length short , with the aspirations of a feature-level story , I applaud writer-director-producer Tiara Luten . She succinctly packs a punch with dialogue that makes you stop and think about relationships in your own life ; characters whose scenarios nearly everyone can relate to either personally or with someone close to them ; and brings up the age-old question everyone in today 's overly busy , career-driven times asks themselves at a certain point in their lives - which is taking a look around at one 's job , relationship choices and asking `` is this enough ? '' And , pining for a game-changing love if the answer is `` no . '' The moments of this movie stuck with me , as does the storytelling savvy of its filmmaker .
 I enjoyed the soundtrack as well as the movie . The actors were sincere , and the message was sweet and true . Kudos to all !
 By far , one of most intimate movies I 've ever seen . I laughed , I smiled , I sympathized . The characters felt authentic ; no matter the dialogue , it felt true , even the awkward moments . The adventures they embarked on , the people they interacted with , the intimate moments ... all felt genuine . People often ask , `` Who is your ideal girl from a movie ? '' Chloe is it . Someone who is adventurous , sympathetic , free-spirited , artistic , beautiful , caring , etc.After finishing the movie at one in the morning , I skated around just to release the tension the film had me in . Finally a story that captured that natural innocent love .
 I love this movie but I am very disappointed by the DVD.The video transfer is great , no complaints there but the only bonus feature is the trailer and there is n't an english subtitle track.I can understand that it 's an indie film and they can not afford a lot extras but being slightly hearing impaired , subtitles are important to me.Movie 5/5PQ 5/5Audio 3/5Bonus 0/5
 Elliot is a twenty-two year old man , who must have surgery to have a brain tumor removed . The day before his surgery , he gets involved in an intimate relationship with Chloe , who is a young photographer . She invited him to her art show , and what could be his Last night prior to surgery becomes a magical journey through the city together . The next morning , Chloe anticipates the possibility of losing Elliot forever . The film portrays the same real , subtle emotion and feelings as if watching ` Love Story . ' The story is sensitive , honest , has a few funny moments , and drama throughout . Enjoyable , Acting Performance Superb , and Highly Recommended !
 Had been wanting to see this film after seeing the trailer on iTunes and being captivated by Parker Croft 's performance . Finally got to watch it on instant video on amazon and am completely in love with the film . Amazing and real film with great turns by the entire cast . Highly recommend .
 great movie , great music . it felt very real - not too artistic or dramatic which would 've kind of ruined the movie for me i guess.and you just have to like the characters , both seem just normal but yet very authentic and special at the same time . - the actors do an incredible job!the feelings i got watching this movie were just overwhelming - i 'm grateful to have stumbled upon a diamond like this!i also always enjoy a nice selection of songs in a movie - and here this really worked . the sound just captured me some more!very touching , i loved all of it !
 this film is good for your eyes and ears , and also your heart . I recommend it if you are cool .
 Great performances - specially Emilia Zoryan , solid script , impeccable direction and beautiful cinematography . What else can one ask for ? I highly recommend Falling Overnight .
 We thought this movie brought an interesting and fresh behind-the-scenes look of today 's secret societies , in this case one at an ivy league campus . The Skulls also shows how life long connections in business and politics are formed early on during this important time in college . And if we look at the real world of business and politics , we can easily figure out that this flick comes pretty close to reality . Granted , the plot is simple and the acting is often cliche , but the topic is very interesting and the movie was well executed as it keeps the viewer focused . We watched the movie together with folks who are easily bored and rarely consider a movie worth watching , but in the case of The Skulls they all responded with the request to watch it again and to purchase the DVD . There 's just something about this movie that leaves the impression that after watching it you learned something and you had a great entertainment experience . And that 's what it 's all about .
 love this movie !! I watch this from time to time . You ca n't go wrong with this movie when you have friends or visitor wanting to watch some good action thriller .
 A combination of superb acting and a very good script bring this movie to the top . Very Fargoesque , in the depressing , money-inspired , greed-filled , sort-of-way . The director has done a nice job of being able to bring the plot along in a quick , but believable fashion . I found myself getting sucked in , and becoming less and less shocked at the actions of these guys as they tried to secure their investment .
 This movie was alot like `` School Ties '' in its portrayal of the ivy league school . It showed a very realist view of the hazing and the societies that are in the media . It took a wonderful side of showing how who you are , and what you can do is part of the whole deal . It stayed at a very interesting level throughout the whole movie which came to me as a shock , and I was amazed at the end how the movie kept me into it the whole time . The acting is fairly good , and the plot keeps you watching through the whole movie and the ending is no let down . It will draw you and you still think about it once you have left the theater .
 I thought The Skulls was a very well done movie . I did n't expect Joshua Jackson to put on such a powerful , strong performance since he usually plays `` the other guy '' , or the best friend . But , surprisingly , Joshua Jackson did an absolutely amazing performance . I definitely recommmend this to anyone . A simply wonderful well done and well acted movie .
 May not make the awards , but defintely gets you thinking about organizations and why you join and why they agree to accept you . Thought provoking .
 The Skulls has just enough twist and turns to make it a fairly interesting thriller . The basic story is about a struggling college student -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- and what happens when he is invited into a secret society called The Skulls . The character development is somewhat weak but Joshua Jackson , Paul Walker , Leslie Bibb and Craig T. Nelson pull off their respective roles and make this an enjoyable film . Give this one a chance , it is worth it !!
 This was a good movie about secret societies and how they operate in the world . Joshua Jackson plays a college student waiting for the Skulls to ask him to join and when he joins he realizes the great financial benefits and political power that goes with being a Skull . However , things begin to go wrong and Jackson finds that this great group he joined is not so great.The movie was well-paced , the acting good for the most part and the plot very well-designed . The ending was good but not great , but this is a good movie to see .
 Phenomenal movie written by skull & bones member John Pogue of Yale University . -LRB- check imdb -RRB- In the movie we are told that The Skulls have 322 alumni members . In the real life Skull & Bones society at Yale their symbol is of a skull , with two crossbones under it and the number 322 under that.This movie was released on March 31 , 2000 . Election day was Tuesday , November 7 , 2000 . Yet this movie opens with the tag line that 3 USA Presidents have been bonesmen . As of March 31 , 2000 only -LRB- william taft and geogre herbert walker bush -RRB- were the TWO presidents that were bonesmen . The race between Al Gore and bonesman George Bush would not be decided until 7 months later . Geroge bush would beat al gore thus making him the 3rd bonesman.This movie also predicts 911 . At the end of the movie Joshua Jackson challenges Paul Walker to a duel by invoking rule 119 of the Skull textbook . Reverse 119 and you get 911 , as in September 11th 2001 . A year and 5 months before the world trade center attack . John Pogue is a genius in getting the word out about this massive terror attack , not to the WORLD , but only to his fellow bonesmen who only have the power to decipher this special date.Still think its all a conspiracy ?
 Luke McNamara is an over-achieving New Haven townie who has clawed his way into an Ivy League College . There , he 's invited to join an elitist secret society known as The Skulls . He jumps at the chance , hoping it will help secure his acceptance into a prestigious law school . At first seduced by the club 's upper-crust trappings , Luke finds himself ensnared by his own ambition when his journalist roommate commits suicide amidst cloudy circumstances . Now at the risk of his own life , he must beat The Skulls at their own game . The Skulls is a very intense movie that keeps you interested . The Skulls is an entertaining movie and I recommend it .
 This is entertaining fare , and revealing in so many ways.Much of the criticism is about the plotting , and how the key events could have happened without the Skulls leaders doing anything to stop the lower ranks acting `` wrongly '' . That proceeds from false assumptions . The central theme of the film is about a power play between two council leaders . Once you see that , then the events of the film fall into place , since the junior players in the events are pawns of the council members who are competing for the leadership of the Skulls . This film has more layers than an onion.The special FX used in this film are so invisible it is amazing . All the FX serve to further the story.The additional material is superb , and the commentary shows the production process , amongst other things , and the deleted scenes show how a movie is crafted into a flowing creative , vibrant entity.ENJOY
 This movie is one of my favorite movies ever . It really draws me into the plot from the beginning . I am not usually a person who enjoys action films , but this one left me wanting to know more . I have not yet seen either of the sequels , but I do n't think they can live up to how great this one was . One of my friends and I love to watch this movie together .
 Lucas McNarama-he has worked all his life to get to college and continuing working trying to get into a good law school . He is your average guy , and he also knows that it would be a heck of a lot easier if he had a secret society to belong to like The Skulls.But there is one problem with The Skulls-they are a secret society . Fear no evil . See no evil . Hear no evil . Speak no evil . When Lucas comes in from a `` test '' that Skulls gave him and other rushees , his best friend Will asks him what happen . Lucas can not tell him , and that is when him , Chole , and Will 's relationship start to fall apart . Once the secrets begin they are kept until Lucas finds Will dead . The question is
 I really liked this movie mostly because of the story line . Its kinda the government consperiecy idea taken on a Collage world . If you like mysteries/thrillers youll really enjoy this movie .
 This movie doesnt have all of the blood and gore , but it does have suspense . It has a few surprises and the ending comes out great . This is one of those all-of-the-pieces-come-together kind of films . It has good characters and not too many to get confused . The plot is well put together . It is a good movie to watch , although it is not the best horror film ever made . Do n't get me wrong , I enjoyed the movie , but I think that there is just something missing to make it a five star movie .
 really good movie . good plot . I liked it a lot !
 I have always been into suspense/thriller films as well as those other meaningful types . The Skulls is one of the few movies I have seen which has combined suspense , thrill , and meaning . The plot is great , the passion between Joshua Jackson and Leslie Bibb is convincing and moving . It is truly poignant , and the end of the story is incredibly satisfying.One of my top 10 movies ! < - incredibly difficult to make it on this list
 I 've seen a lot of bad reviews on here for this movie . And let me tell you , I 'm a tough grader mainly because I 'm planning on attending college to be a screenwriter/director , so I 'm picky when it comes to movies . But The Skulls was one I enjoyed . It had a very quick pace , excellent plot , and a decent script . The acting was fairly good , with a few exceptions , but all in all I found this to be an enjoyable movie . No , not nearly good enough to snag any academy awards , but it 's good choice for fast-paced , good action movie . If you liked Enemy of the State , you 'll like this ...
 I 'll have to disagree with some people when they said it was ok and the last half was n't good . I think this was a great movie and own it on dvd . You start off with Joshua Jackson working out . -LRB- Now that 's a great start -RRB- It 's about the Skulls a hush hush group that few get into . When Joshua Jackson gets a chance to join the group he joins . After that , he starts finding out bad things about the club that he 's not too sure about . Joshua Jackson does great acting in the film , different from Dawson 's Creek . I highly recommend this movie for people who like a little drama , a little action , and a plain good movie .
 The Skulls has everything a thriller should suspense , great dircting and good acting . Rob Cohen -LRB- Dragonheart -RRB- has extended his ability even more in the directing chair . he knows how to make a thriller with the right amounts of suspense , humor , and style . Joshuwa jackson made the right decison coming into movies as a supporting player to help build his fan base and to get noticed by the critics . His first leading role is nothing but fabulos . He shows he can go beyond being the wise cracking side kick . paul walker is slowly proving he can be a leading man . he plays a jock down to the tee . Both jackson and walker have proven that they can make it in hollywood and be more than teen stars . Overall the skulls is an enjoyable movie that has shown that teen movies can be more than mindless comedy . it has extended the genre to include a more mature audience . this is definentyly recommended to all age groups it can entertain them all . the skulls has it all acting directing good plot and its just plain entertaining !
 I have just watched the movie , it is really fun and keeps you willing to see more . It deals with a supposed very powerful secret society from which many american presidents and industry leaders have come from , that commits and videotapes a crime . It is a really great movie , worthwhile watching over and over again .
 This movie shows you the things that could happen in any fraternity out there in college . They go overboard and things go awry . It might be fun pledging , but once you get accepted to the Skulls and find out some of the other games that they play , you just might decide to want to get out before you life depends on it . Watch this movie if you have n't already , it 's a good suspense movie .
 This movie is based on a secret society at an actual Ivey League School , Yale , named Skull & Bones . As it is shown in the opening scene of the movie several Presidents were members of similar secret societies it not the actual `` Skull & Bones . '' The movie portrays the supposed dangers that befall upon anyone who betrays the society . Although there are a few holes in the plot this is an entertaining movie and worth watching at least once .
 Joshua Jackson , best known as the eye candy on `` Dawson 's Creek , '' tries his hand at a dramatic role in this thriller loosely based on the Yale secret society that has reputedly been running the country to ruin through the mind-control of its illustrious alumni . Here the Skulls are involved in nothing so sinister
 Yeah , I thought this was gon na be some other dumb college drama-rama , too , but The Skulls completely took me by surprise . Joshua Jackson gave an AWESOME performance ; the plot was untouchable ; and man , did it keep you on the edge of your seat ! It also had some luv for all you romantics out there ... come to think of it , it had a little bit of everything ! Is Caleb a bad guy at heart ? Who 's he to believe ... Luke or his dad ? When is the truth thicker than blood ? Watch this and find out ...
 If you are into a good nail-biting flick then this is the movie for you ! The Skulls is the name of a prestigious phraternity in a very good school and Paul Walker 's -LRB- Caleb -RRB- father is the head of it . Joshua Jackson -LRB- Luke -RRB- goes to the school but he is just about getting by . But when he 's invited to this phraternity , he becomes `` brothers '' with Caleb , and his life changes ! I would strongly recommend buying this movie because I ca n't think of any reason anyone would n't like it ! It 's a great plot , the actors are HOT and it will keep you on the edge of your seat to see what happens next !
 If you are a fan of Josh Jackson or enjoy thrillers , Skulls is a great movie to see . This film goes deep into the secret fraternities of colleges . It kept me on the edge of my seat waiting to see what happened next . This is a must see .
 The Skulls is one of the finest movies in this year . The story is very scary and the actors do their jobs fantastic . if you ever studied at a university or college , watch this movie . skulls ... above everything two thumbs up
 The Skulls is obviously based on the society at Yale known as the Skulls and Bones Society of which the Bush 's are perhaps the most famous members . This is of course a hollywood move and not a documentary so dont take it too serious . It is however a highly entertaining movie with a fairly descent plot . The straight to video sequel is dismal at best .
 I am a sucker for older movies . Amazon is good at finding your older , classics or new movies for half the price .
 The first 40 minutes of the Skulls is typical trashy college storytelling that 's honestly unbearably bland and predictable from * my * point of view , however stick with it as a mystery slowly but surely unravels . I really would n't call this movie a suspense because , to be completely honest ... no , any kind of suspense is grossly exaggerated . It has a few suspenseful moments but for the most part , the Skulls leans towards a mystery style of storytelling above all else , and only interesting on a younger adult level at the most.It 's about a secret society who 's * extremely * loyal -LRB- to the point they get permanent symbols burnt into their arms so the society can forever be identifiable -RRB- . It mostly centers around two boys in particular involving a murder that eventually occurs later on . However the build up GETTING to that point is pretty brutal and unsatisfactory . The final 30 minutes is when the storyline finally improves.I could n't help but laugh at how difficult it is to believe that there really ARE societies like this out there amongst the college crowds -LRB- though exaggerated for the sake of telling an interesting story - at least I HOPE so -RRB- . The main reason I 'm giving the Skulls a 4-point rating and not a 3 is because you really feel for the one kid innocent of the murder charges . He has absolutely no defense -LRB- or so it would seem -RRB- so what ends up happening to him makes you feel sorry for his crappy luck , and there 's a distinct element of mystery and perhaps even some cleverness pertaining to * who * exactly is involved in the dreaded murder and who 's running the ultra-serious society that involves such unbelievable characters as one of the members own father being in charge of the entire operation , haha.Overall , you have to sit through a lengthy period of mediocrity until the GOOD stuff arrives , but once it does , the Skulls becomes decent enough viewing material .
 The Skulls , 2000 filmAt an Ivy League College there is a Secret Society of the best and the brightest who will act to further each other 's successes in controlling the country . They discuss `` The Power Elite '' in class . There is a boat race between colleges . -LSB- Was this copied from England ? -RSB- Luke gets a phone call , then another . `` Drink Me '' . Men climb out of coffins . -LSB- This is not a vampire movie . -RSB- They are given a task
 This movie is interesting . Not one of the best but entertaining . very expected of the time .
 I 've been looking for this movie for awhile and am so glad I found it here ! Thanks !
 This helps to put some of the secret societies at our Ivy League institutions into perspective . All societies are different and have different traditions , but it shows how some are selected and what they do to prove themselves , what they gain after they 've gone through the process .
 Wow I can not say enough good things about this movie ! Besides the killer plot , the preformances by Josh Jackson and Leslie Bibb were unbelievable ! This movie really shows the power of human determination ! Josh 's character , against all odds manages to brave the evil forces of the temptation of power and money to do the right thing ! This film manages to show the dark and powerful force that is secret societies ! Before I saw this film I didnt know that secret societies existed , and now even still the idea frightens me ! I think that the fictional documentation of the secret societies was thoroughly needed and very well depicted .
 My wife and I both liked this movie . The opening scenes are good enough to catch your attention , and the photography is excellent . Paul Walker turns in a fine performance , with moments where he rises above this basic vehicle . Joshua Jackson is OK ; Leslie Bibb is , too.The plot is thin ... but if you want something to relax with , enjoy and then forget , this is worth the time . It is reminiscent of other collegiate and prep school films . It is n't as good as Dead Poet 's Society , nor is it another School Ties.The basic plot is predictable , but there are enough twists and turns to keep you wondering exactly how we 're going to end up at that predicatable ending.The first half of the movie is strong , and if the screenwriters could have kept it on campus and out of the fully-adult world , the second half could have been stronger.Rent it ... do n't buy it .
 A thought provoking and suspensful film . Joshua Jackson delivers an outstanding performance , and the score is top notch . Definitely worth watching a few times .
 THE SKULLS -LRB- 2000 , PG-13 For Some Brief Strong Language -RRB- THE GENRE
 George W. Bush and his dad are both `` Skulls '' which is the only reason I watched the movie . I 'm not sure if I want a select group of people running my country , but then again I do n't want the arrogance and bully features Gore embodies . After watching the movie , I can only hope that Bush will do the right things if he is elected instead of trying to advance the `` Skulls '' agenda unless it 's for the good of the people . May ` someone ' help us all .
 First off , I would like to say I did enjoy this movie as entertainment but it is not truthful , as in not truthful about the real Skull and Bones society . The first problem with this movie is that there is nothing saying whom those guys were at the beginning watching Luke row in the race . I found out doing research those are actually former seniors , who as Bonesmen must look for the next Bonesmen on their senior year -LRB- year 3 -RRB- to initiate into the secret society . But as I found out right from their was a plot error , the real Bones members seniors are supposed to interview the candidate and not just pick him for no reason which would make no sense and than if you were lucky to get tapped in the beginning of April on tap night usually by strange phone calls and than once tapped is you are given a wax with a key and is given a time to meet -LRB- usually on Thursday or Sunday -RRB- and they are told to not bring any clothing or metals , as they than are supposed to take part in being naked in coffins and masturbate to be loyal to the society and if you do n't take part than you they will threaten to tell your secrets , later you are than supposed to talk about your sex history , and basically on usual nights the Bonesman would take a debate out of a human skull and discuss it.One final notice - Well , two really
 I love Joshua Jackson , and `` The Skulls '' was a good movie . I expected the ending to be a lot more than it was . I was also intrigued by the whole secret society plot . Paul Walker is a hottie .
 Most of my friends think I am crazy , but I loved this movie . Check it out ! Hey Sarah and Lindsey !
 This movie was about a a college frosh getting into this secret club thing . It was really fun to watch , not because of the actors but because I thought that it was a good movie with a good plot . All of the people I went to see it with were really cool and they too liked it .
 Ok , Let me getto the point ... just now i was reading a reallybad review one ofyou people gave this film and I do n't think it 's right ! Anything with Josh in is automatically wonderful -LRB- maybe not apt pupil however as thats wierd -RRB- and you should n't say bad things about his films . Its a very good film and hell of a lot of people agree with me on this one , so in conclusion
 Ok , ok ... this is not the kind of movie that you watch for the plot or the character development . This is the kind that you enjoy -LRB- and enjoy immensely -RRB- for the shots of gorgeous men with awesome bodies . Joshua Jackson and company are simply beautiful ! If only for that reason , this is a must-see . -LRB- Make sure your DVD player has excellet freeze-frame ! -RRB-
 The Skulls is obviously based on the society at Yale known as the Skulls and Bones Society of which the Bush 's are perhaps the most famous members . This is of course a hollywood move and not a documentary so dont take it too serious . It is however a highly entertaining movie with a fairly descent plot . The straight to video sequel is dismal at best .
 I recommend this movie to anyone considering joining a frat and/or is between the ages of 18-27 . Rob Cohen does an excellent job in attempting to portray what goes on inside the walls of the `` Skulls '' secret society . The Skulls - a highly powerful secret society - provide third year college students with expensive cars , girls , and powerful ties ... an enormous key to future political power . The lucky members chosen each year at midnight -LRB- approx . 15 ? -RRB- must go through intense hazing and rituals dating back to the early 1800 's . Each prospective member unites with another to become soul mates . Each pair of soul mates tell each other their darkest secrets to become closer and to ensure loyalty in the most defying situation.In the movie , Luke -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- demonstrates how joining the Skulls has placed tension on his friendship with Chloe -LRB- Leslie Bibb -RRB- and his roommate -LRB- Hill Harper -RRB- . Sworn to keep the happenings of the Skulls a secret , the line between friendship and loyalty to the Skulls becomes very thin . Luke son learns that the Skulls are not only watching his every move , but they monitor his close friend Chloe as well...-A must see for college students !
 The Skulls is a well-paced and well-acted thriller . Joshua Jackson is Luke McNamara . An Ivy League college student who is n't doing to well with paying his tuition . To certify his place in completing college and have a successful future , he wants in with the Skulls . An intermediate group of young men who are guaranteed anything they want in life . After getting in , Luke 's life begins to fall apart as his best friend is murdered and his girlfriend is on the run . Should Luke trust the secret society and his new friend Caleb , or try to get out of the society alive?The Skulls , for some reason , gives me an at-home feeling . I kind of relate to each character in a way , and that shows that each actor gave a pretty good performance . Joshua Jackson , Paul Walker , and Leslie Bibb shine as the leads . Craig T. Nelson also gives a nice performance . The plot and pacing of The Skulls is excellent . The scenes meant to be intense are just that , and scenes meant to be heartfelt and fun are just that too.The DVD is n't loaded , but it 's pretty note worthy to any fan of the movie . A commentary is given by director Bob Cohen . I actually found this quiet entertaining as Cohen explains concepts of the movie and other things . There are a few deleted scenes with commentary by Cohen . It is seen why these were cut . There 's also a Making Of featurette that works mostly as a promo spot . To round it up are the theatrical trailer and some very interesting production notes.For any fan of the movie or its stars , this DVD is a must have and a must keep .
 As a big fan of both Joshua Jackson and Paul Walker , The Skulls was almost too good to be true . I have seen it so many times , I kow it by heart ! Jakcsons character , Lucas MacNamera , is a lower cless student at an Ivy league School , who one day gets accepted into a Secret Society called the Skulls . Caleb Mandrake , Walker 's Character , is a rich student attending the same university who meets Luke due to fate and they become instant buds . For the first time , Luke 's life is going great , but when his best friend Will suddenly appears dead , he knows it has somethinng to do with the Skulls , and then he realizes , if they could give him that much , imagine what they could take away ! I really loved the plot , because it just kept getting thicker and thicker , and the intense subject matter was lightened once in a while by witty one-liners . I enjoyed it very much , but I would not recommend it for younger viewers .
 The primary purpose of The Skulls is to give viewers and inside look at the lives of the influential power brokers who rule the world clandestinely through politics , nepotism , college admission grandfather clauses , and most importantly secret societies . Luke McNamara -LRB- Joshua Jackson -RRB- - roommate to snoopy school reporter Will -LRB- Hill Harper -RRB- - is one of the lucky few tapped to become a member of The Skulls , a prestigious and exclusive organization at his college . Paired with Caleb Mandrake -LRB- Paul Walker -RRB- , the son of the current chairman , the two go through initiation -LRB- the cookie scene is conspicuously absent -RRB- and discover the political and power struggles within the organization , and lengths to which some might go to maintain control , are potentially life threatening.Secondary to the synopsis , however , The Skulls provides the viewer with four immutable truths.One , Joshua Jackson will never outlive his Pacey Witter role on Dawson 's Creek . It is difficult to start your career as second fiddle to James Van Der Beek and live it down . It 's reminiscent of the old farmer story , where he does wonderful things lifelong , various philanthropic endeavors , and feels he does n't deserve the nickname he 's been given when caught one fateful night in a barn with a farm animal . Some things ca n't be forgotten.Two , it provides the first meaningful and noticeable film time for the beautiful Leslie Bibb 's -LRB- Ricky Bobby 's wife on Talledega Nights -RRB- . She exudes confidence , sexiness , compassion , and timing that helps a movie that is slow moving at times move along flawlessly.Three , societies like the Skull and Bones portrayed in this movie are irritatingly secretive . Told through the lens of a Skulls ' benefits -LRB- i.e. money , women , fame , power -RRB- , the insider 's point of view only enhances the feeling many feel towards the members and the head start in life they are given . On the other hand , we also see the converse of the media , who bring with them nosiness , pushiness , and sometimes illegality . Many in the press misconstrue their rights believing how they get the story inconsequential , their scoop superseding the law.Four , the most stone cold lock of this movie is Paul Walker 's character . He is unequivocally the best privileged , silver spoon , son of a doctor/lawyer/congressman , actor there is in Hollywood . Nobody else since Keanu Reeves can pull off the slack-jawed , glassy-eyed , happy to be here , `` Aw Shucks '' of which Paul is capable . It would n't surprise me if he were an honorary member of a secret society on looks alone.Along with Craig T. Nelson and William Peterson , the cast is superb , especially considering how this movie was received . All other aspects are equally enjoyable , right down to the last confrontation and application of archaic society rules . Well thought out , clever and suspenseful at times , the production values are top notch . I actually enjoyed this movie more than most.Jason Elin
 The Skulls was a lot better than expected . More than a decent time-waster , the script is well-written , and the plot a historically plausible what-if about a secret society of the rich and powerful , who pull the strings not just in society , but on each other.The story is about a poor but streetwise kid struggling to pay his tuition at Harvard . He displays abilities that set him above the crowd , so is invited to join the Skulls , an elite group of sons of Harvard alum , all of whom are wealthy , and some of whom have risen to powerful positions , such as judge and senator . The kid 's bank account is full , and everything seems grand , until his roommate decides to write an expose on the Skulls , which ends in his gruesome death . Not wanting to be part of the coverup , the kid must use every ounce of his street smarts to end the Skull 's grip on him , and bring the truth to light.The lead actor does n't turn in a very strong performance , but the supporting actors more than pull their weight , so it balances out . The ending was surprising and the stunts , especially the driving , rock .
 The Skulls is obviously based on the society at Yale known as the Skulls and Bones Society of which the Bush 's are perhaps the most famous members . This is of course a hollywood move and not a documentary so dont take it too serious . It is however a highly entertaining movie with a fairly descent plot . The straight to video sequel is dismal at best .
 The Skulls is obviously based on the society at Yale known as the Skulls and Bones Society of which the Bush 's are perhaps the most famous members . This is of course a hollywood move and not a documentary so dont take it too serious . It is however a highly entertaining movie with a fairly descent plot . The straight to video sequel is dismal at best .
 The Skulls is obviously based on the society at Yale known as the Skulls and Bones Society of which the Bush 's are perhaps the most famous members . This is of course a hollywood move and not a documentary so dont take it too serious . It is however a highly entertaining movie with a fairly descent plot . The straight to video sequel is dismal at best .
 When I was home for Christmas break at my parents house I was bored . They have DSS and 10 movie channels.I came across The Skulls one night and was happy to watch it . I had always wanted to see it , but never bothered . Needless to say I saw that movie 5 times in those 3 days and did n't get sick of it.This is definitely a film worth watching . I thought it was an excellent performance from all of the cast .
 SKULLOVE IT ! I love this movie ! I watch this movie like every other day ! A sort of complicated story , it does very well !!
 This is one of the best movies that i have ever seen , it was not just a look at the guy movie , it was interesting and had a very entertaining plot . I know that i would have enjoyed it even if the two ulgyist guys where the stars . It was extreamly good and i recomend it for all ages .
 Received the order in a timely manner , that was good . Contents of the package some how made it . The package ends fold in and were never taped , came with one end open where contents could slide out . Other end was still closed but could have done same thing . The ends do not have or utilize any locking tab . Tape the ends guys . Other than that every things is was as sold . I would buy from this vendor again hoping this was an oversight.jerryb
 Hi , This movie has been released in Aussie , I have 2 new sealed DVDs , if you like to Buy email me at jgbrett55@hotmail.com,no more then US$ 20
 This movie has the best character actors doing the most bizarre tour-de-force performances in cinema history . Just like Boagart could only have played Rick in `` Casablanca , '' no other actor could have played the gunslinger that Marlon Brando protrays in this movie , and it is his talent to control the screen that makes this movie unforgettable.In the same context , Jack Nicholson with his wry humor and controlling demeanor on screen , is the only adversarial character strong enough to hold his own on the screen with Brando.What is the matter with the studios that they do not release this movie to DVD ... it is more than a classic , and when seen once , never forgotten and rarely compared with any other cinema celuloid done to date.I give it 6-stars , in that nothing can touch this movie in any category .
 Although definitely quirky in spots , this Western has the `` ring of truth '' as it portrays much more realistically than most Westerns life as it really was at the time and place depicted . No heroes , but real people . I like John Wayne as much as the next guy , but most of his roles were a bit cartoonish compared to the more fully realized characters in this flick . I 'll put this movie up there with `` True Grit '' -LRB- both versions/visions -RRB- , `` The Outlaw Josey Wales '' , `` All the Pretty Horses '' , `` Lonesome Dove '' and `` The Shootist '' as among the best of the best Westerns . If there were 4.5 stars , I would give it that . This movie is to Westerns what Deer Hunter is to Vietnam films .
 Marlon Brando 's often misunderstood , mostly improvised performance is a highlight of Arthur Penn 's fine western , THE MISSOURI BREAKS . His `` regulator , '' Rob ` t. E. Lee Clayton is a sociopath-for-hire , a sadistic multi-personalitied murderer who dons different disguises and uses varying accents to confound those he hunts and kills -LRB- often from afar -RRB- . Jack Nicholson is Tom Logan , leader of a gang of train robbers and horse rustlers that are targeted for death by Clayton 's employer , wealthy rancher David Braxton -LRB- John McLiam -RRB- . While Clayton has fun picking off Logan gang members one-by-one , Tom is busy romancing Braxton 's daughter Jane -LRB- Kathleen Lloyd -RRB- . Finally , it 's down to just Tom and Lee.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 6.4 -RRB- The Missouri Breaks -LRB- 1976 -RRB- - Marlon Brando/Jack Nicholson/Randy Quaid/Kathleen Lloyd/Frederic Forrest/Harry Dean Stanton/John McLiam/Luana Anders/R . L. Armstrong
 An overlooked `` western '' drama of the duel of two men , both of dubious professions portrayed by Nicholson and Brando as if they were born for the parts , is lowkey and brilliantly done . Director Arthur Penn creates a subtle drama of hunter and hunted - and finally the hunted hunter - set in a nearly-unknown part of the West , more about greed and retribution than the two-dimensional traditional gunslinger confrontations from most directors . This film is not to be missed by not only Nicholson and Brando admirers but also by anyone who loves a drama slowly , artfully and carefully tightened to a startling end .
 ` The Missouri Breaks ' caps a short list of `` anti-western '' films that marked the death of the classic western as an American Icon . Writer Thomas McGuane skillfully weaves the counter-cultural mores of his own generation into the fabric of this non-conformist screenplay in which the `` good guys '' are the cattle rustlers and the `` bad guys '' are the law -LRB- or what passes for law in the west -RRB- . Jack Nicholson -LRB- as a rustler -RRB- and a very scary Marlon Brando as a looney bounty hunter head up this cast , which reads like a rogue 's gallery of great character actors such as Frederick Forrest , Harry Dean Stanton and Warren Oates . Many mainstream American critics panned this film , largely because of its refusal to fit within well-defined story arcs , yet foreign critics praised it for its rawness and superb acting . If you 're a fan of films that stretch the limits of their genre , then ` The Missouri Breaks ' is a must-see Western .
 I do n't get tired of watching this film over and over , specially the scenes of Marlon Brando , that are unforgettable -LRB- he was so funny in most of them -RRB- . He was surely the best actor of ever . Moreover , there was Jack Nicholson too ! What else to say ? That 's why this film , here in Brazil , was properly named `` Duel Of Giants '' .
 Please totally ignore Leonard Maltin 's Movie & Video Guide negative review of this supurb movie . Great cast , high adventure , wonderful script , fine acting . Among Marlon 's best . Do n't miss this one .
 My dad and I love this movie . It was my dad who introduced me to this film . This is n't a masterpiece but a couple of underrated performances by Brando and Jack make it an enjoyable film . Brando clearly dominates the screen and is hilarious . Nicholson is still great but it 's Brando 's show . It 's an odd western but I like the humor in this film . It 's a treat to see two acting Icons in a film together . There are some other great actors in this movie too . Harry Dean Stanton who does a great job . Randy Quaid has a great scene with Brando . It was great to see Jack vs Brando . Rent the movie to see what happens !
 Westerns are my husband 's favorites . He liked it very much , but I thought it was OK . We received it quickly and it was in very good shape .
 This is a strange western - Brando and Nicholson in a western that is a little hard to believe but very interesting . Beautiful setting in northern Montana -LRB- the Breaks -RRB- but Brando plays one of the strangest roles you might ever see - unless you watch Apocalypse Now in which he plays an equally strange role . This is not a common movie but to have both actors in the same movie is simply rare . The title has some objectionable content due to the treatment of the horses in the filming of the movie - not that one can tell watching the movie but animal rights activists have it one their list .
 Excellent performances by Brando and Nicholson as well as those of the supporting cast . This movie is a superior Western tale and has a balanced amount of the violence , humor , and romance . Notable lines include those of rustler Nicholson to vicious oddball killer Brando , who was pressing him for background information , `` I was in the implement business . . '' and the hilarious pre-sentencing speech by the self-named ` Lonesome Kid '' . They need to put this great film on Blu-ray .
 Can not beat this little known weatern with Brando and Jack . What a lost treasure ! Some truely great lines in this one and perfect Brando style . I have no doubt that both of these actors were just playing themselves . 5 Stars for these guys . What a great memory movie .
 Brando is at his best in Missouri Breaks . It 's one of the roles that gave him his reputation for being an eccentric . He goes from accent to accent without any direction . He is so fun in this movie . Acting just plain `` Weird '' . He did the same thing in `` One Eyed Jacks '' which you should definetely get if you liked `` The Missouri Breaks '' . Brando had a reputation for being strange and acting on a whole different level . You can see it in this movie . The movie is so-so . The Brando performance is just something to watch and marvel at . He was on the edge , doing his own thing . Nicolson is admirable playing the straight man against the whacked out Brando character who is kind of a cowboy homosexual killer type . It 's really worth a look . Enjoy . Grandma 's tired now . Bye .
 An underated antique film - 1974 Brando & Nicholson in the last really great Western ! Oh yes . . Oh yeah , this one makes today 's Hollywood look . . should I say . . Hollow?Could be one of the most underated films in American History.Great lines , majestic scenery and 5 super actors!So Antique and good it 's not even on DVD ! A real movie . Scott
 The Missouri Breaks has all the elements for a great western - lush locations in Montana , beautiful cinematography , authentic production design , a script by Thomas McGuane , and a solid cast -LRB- for the most part -RRB- . Then Marlon Brando appears , apparently from another planet , and ruins the effect with a performance that can be charitably described as eccentric - adopting and discarding accents and funny hats at will , talking to his horse , and so on . The frustrating part is that Brando is hilarious ! I just wish he 'd wreaked havoc on a more deserving film than this one .
 Oh to be in the seventies and get to go see a movie that everyone rags on . A testament to the lost craft of film-making -LRB- Cf. letter writing -RRB- ! The star wattage alone is enough to blow you out of your seat ; just how they can photograph people riding , and make the horses look as though they 'll land in your lap ; just to think this is the third western in my trilogy after Bonnie and Clyde and Little Big Man . Oh to fail like this , Arthur Penn can hold his head up high - granted he never came up against a legend on the scale of Brando , but who does ?
 Most of the reviews of this film appear to have been written by males , so I thought I would add a female point of view to the discussion.I bought the DVD for my husband for Valentine 's Day , he being a fan of the western genre , and watched it with him . It 's not exactly romantic Valentine 's Day fare.Here are a few short observations : In my opinion , the film should be rated `` R , '' instead of `` PG , '' because of its violent scenes.There are no good guys in this film , only flawed characters . I found the Marlon Brando character , the amoral regulator , blood-chillingly evil . Compared to him , the bumbling rustlers seem almost to be sympathetic characters . I very nearly found myself rooting for the `` bad '' guys.This is not your typical , old-fashioned western . It 's a more-interesting film with more-believable characters .
 Arthur Penn 's `` The Missouri Breaks , '' starring Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson , was a flop when it was released in 1976 . Leonard Maltin rates it a `` BOMB '' in his movie guide . The question is
 The Missouri Breaks - A western unlike any you have ever seen !! Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson team up and deliver one helluva of a film . The Missouri Breaks is an intelligent , eccentric western where Arthur Penn calls the shots and has the good sense to let the 2 main leads do what they want and basically give the viewer a ride they will never forget.Brando 's first movie after the double impact of Godfather and Tango and Nicholson fresh from his triumph in Cuckoos Nest . Breaks bombed at the box office , coz it is not like any Western ever made . There are no redeemable characters in this movie , everyone of the main characters is bad / strange and eccentric.Nicholson plays a rustler , who robs ranch owners of their horses . One of the big ranchers hires a Regulator to kill the ranchers - Regulator Brando -LRB- Lee Clayton -RRB- , the most eccentric person to walk the wild west . Brando 's character is as sadistic as they come . A man who kills for pleasure and has the most strange habits , bird watching , hunting rabbits with strange weapons , singing songs on his lil guitar in the wilderness , having lilac foam baths ... Some critics lambasted Brando 's performance as his accent keeps changing , there were also some critics who thought Brando was Brilliant !!! Marlon Brando just eats up the scenery and is so amazing , that one can not look at anything when he is on screen , yes even Nicholson , cant grab your attention.The scenes featuring the 2 leads are worth the price of a ticket . Both the lead actors are taunting each other and it is amazing to watch them improvise ... It is a beautiful movie to watch as the picturesque Montana looks really inviting.A cracker of a movie , not your usual shoot em up westerns , but a movie where characters do a lot more talking and a lot less shooting . Witty dialogue throughout make it a great treat ... Nicholson says of the movie - that he was terrified of working with Brando as he knew that Brando was in a different league altogether ... Brando does steal the movie , but Nicholson has his moments ... the best scene according to me is the one where Brando and Nicholson meet up , and Brando shoots cabbages - Brilliant !! The Missouri Breaks is a must watch and it just keeps getting better with every viewing ... cant imagine why it dint do well ...
 Ca n't quite agree with the fulsome accolade accorded this strange film by your Texas correspondent , but it is a striking piece of work and it has been badly served by Maltin 's uncomprehending review . Any movie featuring Marlon Brando in a Mother Hubbard mouthing Irish gibberish and nailing Harry Dean Stanton with a throwing star ca n't be all bad . -LRB- Tom McGuane , author of the elegant script , tells a wonderful story about asking Brando , who was evidentally a bit bored with the proceedings , how he 'd have his character kill one of the rustlers . `` Well , '' Marlon reportedly responded , `` first I 'd fill his mouth with bees . ''
 saw this film the other night on cable , pan & scan sadly , and was utterly blown away . forget anything anyone has said about pacing , brando 's over the top perf. , the ending , just bask in the glow of one of the most literate and sophisticated scripts ever . the complexity and nuances of human interaction , the shifting dynamic and subtextual messages , all thoroughly explored here by thomas mcguane and robert towne . and the film is frequently hilarious . the editing is often abrupt in a way that serves the script beautifully . the portrayal of frontier life , the rutted streets , the human degradation , the brothels , and most of all the humanity , combine to make this a film that transends its shortcomings in a way that almost could n't have been planned .
 This is a beautifully filmed story set in Montana about horse rustlers and a regulator hired to essentially assasinate them . Jack Nicholson gives a very understated and solid performance as the leader of the rustlers who sets up as a farmer near the ranch of the intended victim . Marlon Brando is irresistably quirky as the Irish-accented regulator . He , in my opinion , was brilliant in this.The story can be a bit slow at times and the conclusion is less than satisfying but along the way the film is extremely entertaining and watchable .
 What makes this film brilliant , besides Jack Nicholson in a terrific role , and Marlon Brando really showing his incredible acting range , is a wonderful , funny , bizarre , and engaging script by Thomas McGuane . McGuane is arguably the best living novelist America has -LRB- The Bushwhacked Piano , Ninety-two in the Shade , Panama , Keep the Change , et al -RRB- and his ear for dialogue is sharp , satirical and in full force in the Missouri Breaks . He lives in Montana and has an incredible love for the land mixed with a disdain for those who exploit it , which is exemplified in this western to end all westerns . As far as what Leonard Maltin says ... well , let 's consider the source , shall we ?
 Blasted by critics when it first came out in 76 but still a Western I have always enjoyed watching . Three reasons
 I first saw The Missouri Breaks soon after its release in 1976 . I liked the movie so much , I went back and watched it again.Penn assembleed one of the best Western casts everThe stars , the not-so stars , the bad guys and good guys and the girl filled the screen with a natural fit that only great character actors can do.The rustlers handled guns casually and realistically.The towns looked Shane'ish -LRB- stark -- dirty -- real -RRB- -- Penn 's Montana is prairie , isolated , lawless , covered to the horizon with tall grasses and windswept flowers , almost colorless , washed out , without fragrence , more unrelenting than beautiful.Forget postcard vistas of mountains with snowcaps , this was the Montana that settlers found and came to hate then love.Jack N. is very good , calm , businesslike , playing a regular role , that paid big bucks.K . Lloyd , the girl , isgood and very forgetful.Quaid , Stanton and the rest are great as the gang.The story itself has been told and filmed many times , and , there is Brando , who steals the movie with a strange brilliant performance as a cold blooded assassin.In fact , Brando 's scenes dominate the film and preverts the plot as we see regular good-bad guys being stalked by a bad-bad guy , strangely polite , even polished , and yet as he rides off at the end of the film we know behind the good manners and eloquent mannerisms lies the beast.Marlon B. was the greatest actor ever , I know so because he takes an implausible character and makes a little western into a real western classic .
 People banned Brando in this for many reasons , he was heavier , his character does some very bizarre things , and Brando apparantly would n't -LRB- could n't ? -RRB- memorize dialogue so he either made things up or had `` cue cards '' posted out of the camera 's way . Regardless or because of ... his performance is an interesting one , and by watching it the viewer can experience a true actor `` putting on '' another persona for the role . Brando did this a lot and sometimes it is a miss , but I think this one hits the mark .
 One of the best westerns ever made ! Jack Nicholson does an amazing job in his role as a horse rustler . He belongs to a gang that considers themselves above the likes of `` the hole in the wall '' gang , calling those men `` bank robbers and murderers . '' The movie has light hearted moments until Marlon Brando 's character shows up . He plays a psychopathic killer who is hired as a `` regulator '' by a rich cattle baron.The movie opens where there seems to be a whole new method of dealing with horse thieves than before , where they once had a free-wheeling life as outlaws .
 i loved marlon brando in this . i didnt know if he could pull off COWBOY . a very pleasant surprise . Jack Nicholson was fabulous !!!! BOTH GREAT IN THIS !!!!!!!
 I first saw this film when it came out in theatres in 1976 , and it 's always been one of my favorites . It is a good story with a great cast brought together and orchestrated by a very able filmmaker . Good stuff !
 This is one of my all-time favorite westerns . The acting and directing are terrific with an unusually colorful , eloquent script . It 's just off-beat enough to make you want to watch it again . It 's a lttle like &#34; Tom Horn &#34; -LRB- starring Steve McQueen -RRB- , only more humorous in a dark sort-of-way .
 I am a huge Marlon Brando fan and this is one of my favorites . Although Brando is always interesting to watch , he goes above and beyond the call of duty in this film . Jack Nicholson is also superb , as always , and the other actors are great as well . A very entertaining film .
 `` Underrated '' is the theme of most of the reviews and boy is it ever . Nicholson is great , Brando is interesting and peculiar , and Stanton , Quaid and the rest are perfect . Not sure why I never see this on anyone 's list of favorite Westerns . Interesting characters , good actors , clever plot , and a nice scenic setting for a western.The cinematography was very well done . It takes you closer to the action somehow.This movie gets inside of you a little more than most and I do n't exactly know how it did it . Nicholson plays a great cowboy and it 's a shame he did n't make more westerns . The movie drags just a bit at times , but this is easily overcome by the steady developments throughout the movie.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for those who like a good western .
 My husband had this movie as part of his collection of favorite movies . The movie was loaned out to a friend and was lost . I searched all over town trying to locate a copy of it with no luck . I went to Amazon and found it right away . I received it in just a few days and suprised my husband . The movie is a classic if you have n't seen it you should get it . I love westerns and it is great .
 The poster makes Jack Nicholson and Marlon Brando look like partners or friends in this western , but no they are bitter enemies . Brando stars as Lee Clayton , a creepy and strange gunfighter who 's hired to kill Tom Logan -LRB- Jack Nicholson -RRB- and his gang . Tom just wants to settle down with his gang and start a farm after they robbed a train . He even has eyes for the pretty Jane Braxton -LRB- Kathleen Lloyd -RRB- , but their relationship is put the test , since her father -LRB- John McLiam -RRB- is the one that hired Lee Clayton.Nicholson makes as good of an anti-hero as he did in Goin South which of course came out two years after the Missouri Breaks . He was a bit more clumsy and even a little sleazy in that though . He plays it more straight here and it 's Brando who 's the one that has a good time hamming it up as the nutty Irish cross dressing gunfighter . I never thought anyone could steal the show from Jack until I saw Brando in this movie . I 'm not sure if Brando was nominated but he should have been .
 This movie was panned -- unfairly , I think -- when it came out . It is odd , and treats violence and killing with an almost delicious whimsy that certainly wo n't be to everyone 's taste , but this is not without purpose . Tom McGuane 's script crackles with wit and originality throughout . Tbhe bizarre humor in this movie is a lower octave of the madness you find in his fiction.Marlon Brando is his typical mannered self ; Nicholson gives restrained performance.The movie is well-plotted , and well-paced , with sound , interesting character development . Definitely worth a look .
 It 's a little draggy but I liked the actors . Good actors can make a good movie great . I liked this movie and saw it when it first came out and have always wanted to own it . Jack and his buddies are horse thieves while Marlon is the ` regulator ' hired to catch them . Marlon is an expert marksman and a little ecsentric while Jack is a down to earth horse thieving country boy . It 's not your typical shoot-um-up bar brawling western . It has a nice plot and a surprising ending ...
 Well , there really were livestock thieves back then , and they really were hanged or shot for their trouble . They really did consider rustling to be a viable career choice.I thought the mood of the enterprise that Nicholson 's character and friends carried on was about right . Brando seemed to overdo it , but `` regulators '' or hired guns were n't exactly the junior exec type either.This is not a western or cowboy movie that small kids should watch . There are hangings and public displays of corpses in it .
 This is a GREAT movie with Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson . It is a classic . Enjoy !
 This was an early Nicholson film , but you can see 5 Easy Pieces and Easy Rider in the west by watching it . Marlon Brando 's plays a crazy regulator and you 're holding your jaw that this could possibly be the same person who played the mob boss in The Godfather.Great pic .
 You 've never seen a Western quite like this one . Penn and company turn the genre on its ear with the bizarre Marlon Brando as a regulator with whom no one can sympathize , even though he 's on the `` right '' side of the law . You find yourself sympathizing much more with Nicholson , Stanton , Quaid and the other horse thieves , as well as with a rich man 's daughter , who falls in love with Nicholson , the `` bad boy . '' Great scenery that stretches all the way into Canada from the Mighty Mo River .
 Arthur Penn 's laconic , self-parodying , quirky western MISSOURI BREAKS -LRB- MGM -RRB- was widely dismissed as a bomb when it was released theatrically -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . But something happened as it aged and reappeared on DVD 30 years later
 This movie is made for cult followings . It is one of thise films where either you get it or you do n't . If you get it then you will have to watch it many times to get all of Brando 's acting nuances . Very edgey . Brando rules this wierdness called a western . With movies like Pulp Fiction garnishing awards today this movie released new would have been a top candidate for the Academy awards . I disagree with other reviews Nicholson worst performance is still above other actors best .
 Hard to say why this film has fallen out of favor . Great script by Thomas McGuane -LRB- 92 in the Shade -RRB- , star turns by Brando and Nicholson , and excellent supporting cast including Randy Quaid , Harry Dean Stanton , John Ryan , Kathleen Lloyd , R.L. Armstrong , and others.Story is of a cattle baron who 's getting ripped off by a bunch of rustlers played by Nicholson , Stanton , Quaid and one other guy . The baron hears of a regulator -LRB- a guy who cleans up messes like that -RRB- named Robert E. Lee Clayton , and here he is , Brando in a terrific performance as an extremely unusual person , to say the least . He 's basically a very nasty dandy that nobody likes . But he 's good at his job -- so good that ... well , no spoilers here.Nicholson is an appealing sort , just trying to get by and when he and Lloyd meet , it 's a good thing . He poses as a dirt farmer to win her sympathy , all the while stealing her pa 's cattle . But turns out she is n't wild about her father anyway ... yep , even in those days , there were dysfunctional families.The story is helped tremendously by the very odd quirks that Clayton exhibits , by the tension between him and the cattle baron , by the attraction of the `` dirt farmer '' and the daughter , and by the camaraderie of the gang . This is a lot of fun to watch ; recommended.Arthur Penn movies do n't get much attention these days ; basically , none of his good ones except Bonnie & Clyde are on DVD -- Little Big Man , Night Moves , and Missouri Breaks are all languishing on VHS .
 Leonard Maltin calls `` Missouri Breaks '' a BOMB . I think he 's looking in the mirror and sees everything backwards . `` Missouri Breaks '' is a studied , nuanced , greatly acted , directed , scored , designed , and photographed masterwork . It is pure genius from Penn , Brando and Nicholson in carefully shaded characters , and a marvelously talented supporting cast headed by Harry Dean Stanton and Kathleen Loyd . There are no false steps.The violence Maltin decries is sudden , graphic , and realistic . It shows the brutal nature of the frontier American experience directly , without moral or relish . If anything , it is sincere reportage , which may be what Maltin really finds objectionable ; we do like our pretty myths . Students of American western frontier history will instantly recognize the authenticity of setting , society , and events.He calls it `` plodding . '' It 's about a bunch of lazy no-count horse thieves , who are at bottom just human beings with tough beginnings trying to survive in tough conditions . It is a leisured film , but not casual . The viewer enters the world on the screen , to dwell intimately therein as a participant observer , seeing at ground level how these people deal with the events of both a mundane and peculiar life . `` Breaks '' creates a solid environment with a natural pace that enters the remorseless realm of Greek tragedy . We watch helplessly as the players march relentlessly to an avoidable , but inevitable climax . We see the survivors in the brief still aftermath fumble for new lives , and new beginnings.If as Maltin says , `` Missouri Breaks '' is a BOMB , I guess I like this BOMB VERY MUCH . It is a mature , fully realized vision , film as literature that matures like fine wine . Highly recommended for people who think . Leonard ?
 A criminally underrated film -LRB- Maltin rates it a BOMB !! -RRB- which I consider one of the best Westerns made . Essentially a story of a bunch of criminals - rustlers - being brought to heal by the law represented by a ruthless landowner . However , it is also has the elements of great storytelling with good , represented by the rustlers , fighting evil , represented by the landowner . Yes , it is a clouded even twisted morality , but rings very true with many parallels to modern society . The rustlers , Jack Nicholson and his sublimely wonderful bunch which include Harry Dean Stanton , Randy Quaid , Frederick Forrest and John P. Ryan , are trying to make their way any way they can in a hard country . The landowner , who is an educated man with a large library and has reason and business as his master , whose focus is on the percentages of profit and loss , has seen his wife run off with the first unreasonable man she could find and whose beautiful daughter offers herself to Jack Nicholson - who beds her willingly - hires a Regulator to run down rustlers . This creature of the law , a bounty hunter of sorts , a sniper , is played with eccentric and powerful relish by Marlon Brando and is truly a fearsome character.It is a great script enlivened by humour - `` why do they put Canada way up here '' laments the rustlers when they venture North to rustle from the Mounties ; wit ; and glorious photography - the stunning shot of the foal moments before rescued by Nicholson , which stumbles towards the camera resonates as an innocent in a world of man made horror yet survives through an act of compassion by a man . This intelligent film is full of such contradictions.It is one the most terrifyingly realistic portraits of life on the frontier . The symbolism of the Regulator shooting the cabbages on Nicholson 's farm says more about violence and the law and the misuse of power than many an essay . Two scenes of man crossing the Missouri River says more about the power of nature than the nightly news of hurricanes in Florida . The brothel scene is a revealing and realistic and sympathetic portrayal of women on the frontier . To view and review over time . Brilliant .
 `` The Missouri Breaks '' was about twenty years ahead of its time . I remember really liking this film when I first saw it in 1976 and the film has aged remarkably well although the conclusion does n't live up to the promise of this unconventional Arthur Penn -LRB- `` Bonnie and Clyde '' , `` Little Big Man '' , `` Night Moves '' -RRB- western . Based on the novel by Thomas Mcguane -LRB- `` Tom Horn '' -RRB- and scripted by McGuane and Robert Towne -LRB- `` Chinatown '' , `` Personal Best '' -RRB- , the literate script does indeed remind one of `` Deadwood '' -LRB- without as many obscenities -RRB- and other revisionist westerns . The pairing of Nicholson and Brando -LRB- along with strong support from Frederic Forest , Harry Dean Stanton , Randy Quaid , and the wonderful Kathleen Lloyd as the forthright love interest of Logan . For some people Marlon Brando 's colorful over-the-top performance is a distraction for others a delight . It certainly is eccentric and adds color to the film.The DVD transfer looks extremely good here with robust colors and the soundtrack sparkles even though it 's presented in its original mono format . Another reviewer remarked on the PG version vs. the R rated version of the film lamenting the loss of some of the colorful dialogue . The PG version IS the R rated version of the film . I 'm not sure if the reviewer is confused or not but this is exactly the same as the theatrical version of the film . There are n't two separate versions of the movie . Perhaps this film was re-rated and , like `` Midnight Cowboy '' standards have changed over time . This is exactly the version I saw in theaters -LRB- and on HBO when it aired -RRB- years ago . What was once an R is now a PG , etc. . Sadly there are n't any extras except for the original theatrical trailer . Since Arthur Penn is -LRB- at this writing -RRB- alive it would have been nice to have a commentary track or , at the very least , a retrospective featurette on the impact of this marvelous film . It has clearly influenced other western films and TV shows since it was first released . A cult classic , `` The Missouri Breaks '' certainly has earned its reputation as an eccentric and off-beat western.Horse thief Tom Logan -LRB- Jack Nicholson -RRB- is a marked man . Logan and his gang establish a ranch to quietly move stolen horses . When rancher David Braxton -LRB- John McLiam -RRB- learns about this he takes on the role of judge and jury he hiring Robert E. Lee Clayton -LRB- Marlon Brando -RRB- a bizarre assassin for hire to kill Logan and his band of rustlers.The pacing of the film is a bit slower than more contemporary films -LRB- remember this was made in 1976 before the rapid fire editing style of `` Star Wars '' became more common place -RRB- . The film , though , pays off in spades even if the conclusion of the movie does n't quite live up to the promise of the film .
 I wonder about the humorless , linear-thinkers who can not get past over-analyzing this gem of a movie . Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar . Sometimes life is twisted . Once in a while a movie is not made , it just evolves . Relax and enjoy the ride , peckish purists . The scene where Marlon ices his aching tooth with casket ice is hysterical - that alone keeps me watching it time and again . The director did his job when he allowed the cast to do theirs in such intuitive ways . The Missouri Breaks rocks .
 This is one of the near-great post modern Westerns IMO . -LRB- The 2 Great ones being The Wild Bunch -- altho is that really post modern ? -- or the ultimate `` classic western '' ? -- & Once Upon a Time in the West . -RRB- And we could add `` the Last Picture show '' to the mix ... but is that really a `` western '' -LRB- it takes place in the 1950 's -RRB- ? It 's got Arthur Penn as director , Brando , Nicholsen , Harry Dean , et al. . And the sexy brunette Kathleen Lloyd who blatently & with direct language seduces Nicholsen.It imposes a `` 70 's '' sensibility on the American Western . And some people may not like that . I think -- the best film to compare it to is Altman 's `` McCabe & Mrs. Miller '' . I dig it ... any fan of quirky , offbeat films should see it.Update
 This title belongs on DVD . That has to get said first . I 'm not sure that Missouri Breaks really falls into the category of anti-western ; it is n't undermining any of the accepted notions of manifest destiny or cultural superiority that make an anti-western like Little Big Man . It 's more like a great western novel adeptly turned to film . Harry Dean Stanton and Randy Quaid give rock solid supporting performances and help lend realism to the characterizations which Nicholson caps with his performance . All this solid character/period piece acting allows Marlon Brando to launch an outer space crazy minded performance that somehow really works in this flik , better than his outer space performance in Apocalypse Now . The feeling of placement into a historical time period is intense , and unlike many such fashion shows of recent western period filming , this one is dirty and true , we 're not gawking at the authenticity of the clothes folks are wearing , but at how we 've been transported to the Breaks of the late 1800 's . Amazing work all around . See this film .
 A criminally underrated film -LRB- Maltin rates it a BOMB !! -RRB- which I consider one of the best Westerns made . Essentially a story of a bunch of criminals - rustlers - being brought to heal by the law represented by a ruthless landowner . However , it is also has the elements of great storytelling with good , represented by the rustlers , fighting evil , represented by the landowner . Yes , it is a clouded even twisted morality , but rings very true with many parallels to modern society . The rustlers , Jack Nicholson and his sublimely wonderful bunch which include Harry Dean Stanton , Randy Quaid , Frederick Forrest and John P. Ryan , are trying to make their way any way they can in a hard country . The landowner , who is an educated man with a large library and has reason and business as his master , whose focus is on the percentages of profit and loss , has seen his wife run off with the first unreasonable man she could find and whose beautiful daughter offers herself to Jack Nicholson - who beds her willingly - hires a Regulator to run down rustlers . This creature of the law , a bounty hunter of sorts , a sniper , is played with eccentric and powerful relish by Marlon Brando and is truly a fearsome character.It is a great script enlivened by humour - `` why do they put Canada way up here ? '' laments the rustlers when they venture North to rustle from the Mounties ; wit ; and glorious photography - the stunning shot of the foal moments before rescued by Nicholson , which stumbles towards the camera resonates as an innocent in a world of man made horror yet survives through an act of compassion by a man . This intelligent film is full of such contradictions.It is one the most terrifyingly realistic portraits of life on the frontier . The symbolism of the Regulator shooting the cabbages on Nicholson 's farm says more about violence and the law and the misuse of power than many an essay . Two scenes of man crossing the Missouri River says more about the power of nature than the nightly news of hurricanes in Florida . The brothel scene is a revealing and realistic and sympathetic portrayal of women on the frontier . To view and review over time . Brilliant . A very worthy addition to your DVD library .
 I first saw The Missouri Breaks at the local cinema when I was a teenager . I did not fully appreciate it though until years later when it was released on home video.I would not call it a classic but it is nontheless facinating on many levels . There is not much I can add to the other reviews posted here when it comes to the story . Is is basically a clash of cultures - that of the evil land baron versus the good natured outlaw . Standing between them is the regulator - a man who is simply a killing machine that draws no distinction between good and evil.One of the key factors in this film 's appeal is that it brings together two legendary actors - Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson . Even though these men were friends and next door neighbors for many years , this would be their only screen appearance together . Both are equally good - Nicholson playing the down to earth cattle rustler while Brando is both terrifying and hilarious as the hired killer with an Irish accent!There is a very strong supporting cast and the locations & photography combine to make the film appear authentic to its subject matter . The towns and the people are just as I would imagine them to have looked during the days of the Old West.I read once that behind the camera , there was a lot of pot smoking going on and that due to weather conditions , there was a lot of downtime during the making of this film . It was during these times that Brando , and sometimes Nicholson , would relieve the boredom by pulling practical jokes on their co-stars . Hopefully , when Breaks is released on DVD , a blooper reel will be included!The Missouri Breaks is not for everybody . But for persons who want a perspective on what frontier life was probably really like as portrayed by two of the greatest actors of our age , it is well worth seeing .
 My family goes back to the 1880s in Montana , and my wife 's to 1866 . This may be rain on a few parades , but the old west was n't like a John Wayne film , was n't populated by Randolph Scott or Tom Selleck look-a-likes , and neither is this movie . People rode horses not because it was colorful , but because they had to . My grandfather grew up on a horse and had a fondness for them -LRB- as I do -RRB- , but he was perfectly happy to buy a car when they became numerous enough to be affordable . No more haying , no more shoeing , wire cuts , or colic at midnight to deal with . A gun was a tool , not a fashion statement . Most gunfights were fueled by alcohol , a thirst for revenge , or pure stupidity . Gun duels in the street were rare or non-existent . Shooting was generally from cover , and in the back if possible . This was the safest course of action . Stetsons were to keep the sun and rain off , not to look `` cool . '' `` Chaps '' was pronounced `` Shaps , '' as in chaparral -LRB- not found in Montana -RRB- , not with the `` ch '' of `` church . '' Dudes talk like that , not cowboys . Bandanas were functional - when you move livestock , a lot of dust gets kicked up , and it was n't any easier to breathe it in the old west than it is now.So The Missouri Breaks seems offbeat . A lot of people and actual events in the west were , as they are now . The heros of the old west were the men and women who lived in shacks , endured snowdrifts and sub-zero weather , stifling summer heat , drought , prairie fires , wolf depredations , and insect swarms to ranch and farm , to make better lives for us , their grandchildren and great-grandchildren -LRB- unfortunately at the expense of the native people -RRB- . The Missouri Breaks at least provides a taste of the grit Montana had back then . It was a tough life for a lot of people . Their perseverance was fueled by hope and optimism . Those who wanted to make a fast buck by rustling and robbery did n't last long . Vigilantism was an accepted practice for a short period of time.What I recall about the making of this movie that still makes me chuckle , is that when the cast and crew flew into Billings and went on location to set up , Brando was two or three days late . People were chafing at the bit - time is money . One morning a mysterious rider appeared silhouetted on the skyline above . It was Brando on his own horse , with his own Creedmore , and in his own buckskins , in character . The director held his tongue when he rode up . Some of you may recall that Brando was with Sacheen Little Feather during this period of his life , so he took more than a passing interest in the west . He was allowed to put his own stamp on his character that was n't in the script , and to me it 's all the more interesting and colorful , like some of the oddballs who occupied our part of the world back in the day . They too wrote their own scripts . Give the film a chance . I think it 's pretty good .
 I am extremely pleased with the DVD , it is like bringing Bali into my living room . It is not a travelog , there are no words . I have been to Bali twice and loved it more than anywhere on earth , and I was not disappointed in the dvd . It is very slow and gentle , and shows the many sides of Bali with Balinese music as the soundtrack . I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to escape the regular world and take a mini vacation . I love it .
 This is an absolutely fantastic program ! I saw the HD version of this and seriously felt like I was back in Bali . The colors , the detail , and the surround sound of the soundes of Bali made it an absolutely immersive experience . highly recommended !
 This is a 2-disk set , covering 8 different people from various walks of life as they come out to friends and relatives who mean a lot to them . The stories are told honestly and thoroughly . Very moving -- you can feel the anxieties of each person as they approach the coming out moment . I like the way the videos periodically display a quote that is about to be said by someone in the video . Very effective . Each `` story '' runs about 25 minutes . The picture and sound are high quality . We 've shown several episodes at our high school 's Gay Straight Alliance meetings and they sparked much discussion . I highly recommend this video .
 I am extremely pleased with the DVD , it is like bringing Bali into my living room . It is not a travelog , there are no words . I have been to Bali twice and loved it more than anywhere on earth , and I was not disappointed in the dvd . It is very slow and gentle , and shows the many sides of Bali with Balinese music as the soundtrack . I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to escape the regular world and take a mini vacation . I love it .
 This is an absolutely fantastic program ! I saw the HD version of this and seriously felt like I was back in Bali . The colors , the detail , and the surround sound of the soundes of Bali made it an absolutely immersive experience . highly recommended !
 By the seller 's own admission ... '' This product is manufactured on demand using DVD-R recordable media . Amazon.com 's standard return policy will apply . `` this is a pirate DVD so whatever you do do n't purchase this . The only legitimate version of this DVD currently available as of this date is the South African region 2 , which you can import from various South African traders . Alternatively look on the Amazon UK website somebody there has imported copies.Now to the film ... What can I say except this martial-arts movie is bloody brilliant . Okay the casual action fan might not appreciate this but any true hardcore action fans particularly martial-arts fans will love this movie.The film starts very slowly as we follow a young family at a rural community barbecue . All seems so innocent and you would n't tell what was coming up from the first quarter of an hour - 20 minutes or so . Then suddenly like being at the top of a roller coaster the action commences and you drop down . The next hour and however long you 're on probably the finest thrill ride of an action film you 'll ever see with virtually non-stop , brutal martial-arts action . The fights are grounded and bloody , bones are breaking , fights are relentless , one-on-one , 2 on 1 , 3 on 1 , 4 on 1 ... some inventive death scenes and rarely a chance to catch your breath.This is right up there with the best , Ong Bak , Fist Of Legend , Dragon 's Forever , Police Story trilogy , Kiss of The Dragon , Born To Fight , Meranteu Warrior or any thing Tony Jaa , Jackie Chan , Jet Li , Donnie Yen , Sammo Hung , Yuen Biao has ever done!Simply put this film is superb and as soon as an official DVD is released you should make this your next Amazon purchase .
 It was with reasonably high expectations that I sat down to watch this movie , and it 's with a still-open mouth that I begin to write this review . Wow , I say , wow . It is beyond me why an action film of this caliber is languishing with the kind of sub-par release shown here . `` Broken Path '' is , without a doubt , one of the most violent , well-shot , and consistent martial arts movies I 've ever seen . A landmark production for the Alpha Stunts organization , leading man Johnny Yong Bosch , and director Koichi Sakamoto , this absolutely kick-butt movie need only be presented with a worthy Region 1 release to effortlessly become a cult classic of blood & guts karate fare . It 's not perfect and it 's definitely not for the squeamish , but anybody who considers him/herself a martial arts fan needs to immediately start making efforts to acquire this gem . Trust me , the price will be worth it.The story
 THE FIGHT SCEENS WERE AWESOME , I LOVE `` THE ART OF WAR '' AND MARITAL ARTS.I LEARNED SOMETHNGS FROM THIS MOVIE -- THAT 'S WHAT 'S UP .
 This is a non stop 90 min action scene.If you love martial arts , you HAVE to see this movie !!! Kung Fu , Karate fights.WOW.you 're going to recommend this to all your friends!Not recommended to the weak , frightened , sissy or for a romantic date with your girlfriend.VERY Recommended for good , action film lovers.ENJOY !
 In a scene from this film , a policeman confesses to Sabrina Lall , played by Vidya Balan that he accepted a bribe for not beating up a suspect . As the camera pans , her face registers shock . The astounded policeman asks her ` ' Just what kind of world do you live in , everyone takes bribes '' This is one of the many remarkable scenes in ` No one Killed Jessica ' about a sensational murder but also about an ordinary family seeking justice while being run over by the entire law machinery and bureaucrats . No one Killed Jessica is about a real life incident that happened in India in 1999 when a aspiring model Jessica -LRB- Myra -RRB- was shot in the head for refusing to serve drinks to an inebriated son of a cabinet minister . Politicians and their kin routinely get away with such transgressions in India , however this was supposed to be an open and shut case as the execution took place a crowded party attended by hundreds of people . The court tried the case but as each of these witnesses turned hostile , the killers got away and a nation was shocked . A sting operation which revealed confessions finally nailed the killers after many years . Raj Kumar Gupta the director takes this familiar story and the adds the whodunit element to it . Under his skillful direction , the events remain fresh and he continues to show the promise that he displayed with Aamir . The script could have been a wee bit tighter but still a great film . Almost all the cast is comprised of fresh faces except the two main leads , Rani and Vidya , and they act well . Rani plays her most outrageous role in her career , she gets to swear , smoke and have sex but I thought this over the top act was at best okay . I thought Vidya Balan , turned in a great performance and deserves all the applause . Her role is understated and dignified , and full of incredible range . I loved the scene when she starts laughing uncontrollably in a court room scene . Four stars for this one . 2/14/11
 In 1999 , model Jessica Lall was shot in the head and killed at a party in New Delhi for refusing to serve a drink to Manu Sharma , a spoiled playboy and son of a powerful politician . Despite numerous eye-witnesses , Manu eventually was found not guilty . The reason ? The politician father and his cronies conspired to manipulate evidence and witnesses . The verdict resulted in massive demonstrations -LRB- `` Justice for Jessica ! '' -RRB- and an eventual reconsideration of the case . Manu finally was sentenced to life imprisonment for this crime.In No One Killed Jessica , this story is embellished and fleshed out . Some parts are certainly fictionalized . It 's a 2 hour event , with Bollywood melodrama , extended background songs , and final victory . However , it is also a film with exceptional acting -LRB- particularly Vidya Balan andRani Mukerji -RRB- , a real edge-of-the-seat plot , and true drama . Even though the story is incredibly sad , this was a very enjoyable film to watch.Victory to the people ! Justice for Jessica!In Hindi and English , with subtitles as necessary . On the downside , I found the subtitles hard to read -LRB- size and contrast -RRB- .
 A powerful politician 's son literally gets away with murder until a determined reporter gets involved . No Bollywood song-and-dance here -- this is a gripping tale of outlandish corruption and determined human spirit , made even more compelling because it really happened . NOTE
 Based on the real life incident of Jessica Lall 's murder , NOKJ had already generated enough buzz and curiosity . The remaining kasar was completed by the OTT promotions , which also saw Rani Mukherjee and Vidya Balan kiss -LRB- literally -RRB- and make up ! This is also Rani 's comeback movie of sorts.It 's not an easy task making a film on a story that has been extensively covered and followed by the media ; but director Rajkumar Gupta -LRB- of AAMIR fame -RRB- does that immaculately . He blends fact and fiction with precision , which results in an entertaining outcome.The innovative title sequence involving newspaper headlines , along with Delhi 's introduction sets the tempo right . Jessica 's murder , deftly portrayed by Rajkumar Gupta , is disturbing . At the same time , it evokes fury for Manish . The film shows how people , when united and unwavering , can bring about change . The use of brazen language shown in the film is palpable and never gets offensive .
 `` Christmas
 What can I say ? It 's very difficult to find the right words to describe this mesmerising film . Firstly the disc itself - superb extra 's and the print is remarkably clean for it 's age ; another top job by Criterion . As for the film ... It is a true work of art , one of those films that are fantastic in every area in such a way that raises it above the standard of general excellence and makes it truly memorable . But it is the sheer sense of wonder that deserves the most praise , the magic that surrounds the Beast 's castle will make your jaw drop to the floor with a near continuous myriad of sumptuous special effects and brilliant inventiveness . The performances are also wonderful and it is extremely moving as well as entertaining , with so many memorable moments ... I really can not fully express the delight this movie creates , you really have to see it . They well and truly do not make them like this anymore .
 THIS IS A GREAT DVD AND YOU CAN GET IT BRAND NEW CRITERION ON OTHER WEBSITES FOR LIKE $ 30.00 , SHOP AROUND !!!! I LOVE MY COPY .
 A wonderful film full of magic and mystery . The production thanks to Criterion Films , is excellent and the film is so engrossing you forget that you are reading sub-titles . I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys something a little different and more Imaginative than most . Not for young children and unless they understand French not for older kids either .
 As the director Jean Cocteau states at the begining of the film , you have to watch this with the mindset of a child . It started off a bit strange , but as the story progressed , I was totally captivated by this dreamy world . It is black and white , but the cinematography is so beautiful and rich , you forget about the colorlessness . I gave 4 stars , just because this film is not for everyone . If you like surrealism , and you have seen Jean Cocteau 's `` Orpheus '' and liked it , this film is for you . I like this film much better than `` Orpheus '' .
 Wow . Effing Wow . The animated version of Beauty and the Beast is without a doubt my favorite animated film of all time , so when I learned criterion had released the original live action version , I had to have it . and I was n't disappointed at all . despite the fact that Cocteau 's Ending does n't quite have the epic feeling Disney 's does , the overall content is fantastic , and it 's beautifully restored by criterion . Anyone with an interest in film and fantasy should most definitely check it out.PS . The dvd has some AMAZING special features , such as the cinematographer visiting the ACTUAL beauty and the beast set , over 50 years after shooting the film there . He walks through the house and the yards , reminiscing , and it 's so so good .
 I bought this as a gift for my Sister in Law , she loves it ! Once again Criterion hits the mark with its quality product enhancement .
 Belle 's father -LRB- Marcel Andr&eacute; -RRB- has to go to town for business . He asks Belle -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- what she would like him to bring her . A Rose as there are no roses at home . On his way back from the city he must go through a mysterious forest in the evening . He stumbles upon an enchanted abode . There he is offered food and drink . On his exit the next morning he pilfers a prize rose to fulfill his daughters wish . Now he is confronted by the home owner La Bte -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- . For his indiscretion he is given the choice of giving up his life or that of his daughter . He returns home to tell the tale.The story first written by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont is adapted by Jean Cocteau to film , also directed by Jean Cocteau.I could expound on the great visual effects and dialog choices . But it is much better described by the voice over track on the Criterion version . You will be enchanted by this version and will come to make this your favorite.Beauty and the Beast
 Everything arrived fine and packaged . It was a gift for my girlfriend since she was unable to find it up here so she really loved it . The price was a little heavy but twas the season .
 This movie is about a love so deep that it goes beyond the normal . Truly nothing was spared in making this movie one of the most intriguing movies of all time.This is not a movie for children but for those who are old enough in years and yet young enough at heart to enjoy the mystery , suspense and thrill of it all.The movie is done in French with English subtitles , but you will get so caught up in the movie that you wo n't even know your reading .
 producer jean cocteau was really arty . . although less so then in his earlier film `` Blood of a Poet '' . . He cast his partner jean marais as the star . . and put stuff like long halls with billowy white curtains in them ... and a fire place with human hand sconces over the hearth ... nice job using dream imagery in a flick
 I saw this when I was a young woman in college and loved the magic and the depth of the characters -- more than just card board fairly tale characters . I watched it with my 8 year old daughter recently -LRB- I wanted to wait until she could read the subtitles , so I would n't have to speak over the actors ' beautiful voices -RRB- and she also adored it . It 's now part of our collection .
 This surreal 1946 classic is still dazzling , even in today 's world of high-tech special effects . The story line is well known , thanks to Disney , but this black and white rendition is visually spectacular . Contemporary versions do not hold a candle -LRB- be sure to check out the candle holders -RRB- to this movie .
 the most visually stunning movie i 've ever seen . i do n't know anyone who dislikes this movie . i ca n't say enough good things about it . it 's a masterpiece .
 There has n't been a better filmed version of `` Beauty & the Beast '' either before or since this film . -LRB- -LRB- I know Disney dida film with the same title , but it was n't the real story . -RRB- -RRB- Most people ought to know the story -- the well-to-do merchant who loses everything , his one last chance to recoup that falls through , the journey through the spooky forest that leads to the magic castle , the rose the merchant picks for his daughter , the angry Beast who demands the merchant 's life , Beauty 's return to the Beast 's castle in her father 's place , -LRB- ... -RRB- and so on.But you really do n't KNOW the story till you see this film and let Cocteau make it clear for you.Done on an obviously shoe-string budget , brilliantly applied , with camera-work and incredibly simple but effective `` special effects '' that truly enhance the story without calling undo attention to their own cleverness , with beautiful costume and makeup designs adding even more , this film is simply a visual treat . -LRB- An example of the simple-but-effective effects is Beauty 's return to her father 's home -- the actress stepped backward through a paper `` wall '' ... and they ran the film backward . -RRB- -LSB- This film is/was good enough that when the cable `` Faerie Tale Theatre '' series did `` B&B '' , they basically did a 60-minute remake in color of this film , including most of the visual touches , especially the Beast 's makeup . -RSB- Beautiful , dreamlike and entrancing .
 this is surely the most beautiful movie ever made -- the director jean cocteau tells the story of beauty and the beast -- the film is sheer magic and impossibly beautiful with images of hands holding torches to light hallways -- mystical mirrors with images -- the beast with his smoking hands and beauty gliding down the hallways of the castle -- josette day portrays beauty and gives the character an etherial otherworldly quality -- john marius gives an equally strong performance as the beast who falls in love -- the first time i saw this movie i missed a lot of the english subtitles because the movie itself was so beautiful to watch i kept forgetting to read the subtitles -- my children were equally fascinated by this film but it is very realistic and i don/t recommend it for very small children -- watch it yourself first -- a visual treat from start to finish
 `` La Belle et la Bte '' is unquestionably one of the finest films ever made . I have owned the Criterion DVD since it came out in 1998 and was a little weary about getting the second Criterion DVD of the same movie in just five years . I was wrong
 Concocting elaborate fairy tales is something the French do exceedingly well , and in La Belle et La Bete Jean Cocteau adapts Madame Leprince de Beaumont 's classic tale into a film masterpiece.Cocteau opens the film with a short prologue in which he asks the audience to recall the time when we were children - and were able to believe in things we could n't see.Belle is the older sister in a family that has enjoyed prosperous times - in the past . The widowed father has now fallen on hard times . Many of his ships have been lost and when the last one finally comes to port , it wo n't even pay the debts he already has . Belle has a younger brother and two wicked and greedy sisters who are determined to live as richly as possible - and they 'll lie and deceive to accomplish this.Father gets lost on his return from the bank where he discovers they 're bankrupt , and in a storm he takes refuge in the mysterious castle he finds . Inside the door , candlelabras light themselves and , even stranger , they 're held by human arms protruding from the wall . The arms hold the lighted candles and helpfully point the way . A mysterious dining room waits , heated by a large fireplace with sculpted faces with eyes that follow your movements.The story will be familiar enough to those who only know the cartoon version . Jean Marais takes on the role of both the Beast -LRB- with its 5 hour make-up job -RRB- and the Suitor Avenant , who wants to marry Belle , but would like the Beast 's treasure even more . He is good as Avenant , but he 's even better as the Beast , bringing an incredible vitality to the role under a hairy , fanged facade.Belle is not the singing bookworm of the Disney version , but rather the beautiful , virtuous woman who would sacrifice her own life for her father . Back at home Belle acts as a servant to her family , including the vain and bickering sisters - not because she 's an orphaned step-child as in Cinderella , but out of the goodness of her heart.Henri Alekan photographed the film in a scintillating black and white . About half the film was shot in beautiful locations in France and the rest on elaborate sets by Christian Berard . The spectacular costumes were designed at the house of Jeanne Lanvin , with Pierre Cardin supervising the men 's costumes.I have long held a special place for the tale , because in addition to it 's fantastical elements and wonderful story , the `` moral of the story '' is very moral indeed . Not just `` do n't be greedy or bad '' as in most other fairy tales , but emphatically `` be good , and virtuous '' . Without at least some of societies members willingness to be virtuous , society will crumble . `` La Belle et La Bete '' teaches that virtue has rewards in a most enchanting manner.Not recommended for little children - but if your child is old enough to be curious about matters of substance , they 're old enough for this film .
 This magnificent DVD is crowned with legendary composer Philip Glass 's `` opera '' on a separate soundtrack . As you can see from the other reviews , the movie needs no further explanation from me - it 's simply magical . Philip Glass 's score makes it even more so - full of energy , passion , and beautiful melodies that blow the original score by Georges Auric away . The live production of Philip Glass 's opera has toured all over the world to standing ovations and critical acclaim . A big thank you to Criterion for this wonderful DVD . The Glass soundtrack is simply one of the options on this DVD - if you want to listen to a far inferior and boring soundtrack , simply select the original soundtrack in the menu . Glass rules !
 Goodness , to think it took me so long to discover this movie . Something so weird , yet so beautiful is right up my alley . The film is a classic fairy tale carried by the sheer force of the director 's imagination.The story is a familiar one , a lesson about inner beauty , yet we never once feel that we are being preached to . -LRB- Unlike a certain OTHER famous version that , while admirable in many ways , has n't a serious thought in its pretty little head . I did n't mean to compare but the subject has already been brought up -RRB- From beginning to end , this is a cornicopia of visual delights.Who could forget the scene of Beauty floating through a room with billowing curtains ? Or when Beats drinks from her hands ? Or the living fireplace that blows smoke from its ' nose ? Or the living statue of Diana ? Or Beauty seeming to grow from the wall ? Or Beast on his stomach drinking from a lake ? Or ... . Well , enough of that , see it all for yourself.The only issue I can find fault with is the ending . For what its worth , this paragraph contains a spoiler though everyone knows the end of this fairy tale.SPOILERI was a little disappointed in the prince . After a character as wild and appealing as the Beast , you expect a little more from his human form . Every B&B movie has this problem , Prince Charming simply can not compete . Making the Beast look like Avenant was a master stroke , though . It meant that in the end , everyone 's outer form matches their inner self.END SPOILEREven if you are a fan of the Disney version , this movie has many delights and will even show how the Disney version got most of its idea . The only requirements to enjoy this film are the ability to read -LRB- it is all in French , the romance language suits the story very very well -RRB- and the ability to follow the instructions at the beginning
 One of the most beautiful movies ever made . If you are thinking of buying this movie and detered by the thought that it 's old , subtitled , and in black and white , please , I beg you , do n't be put off . This movie has been in film critics ' top tens for decades , and for very good reasons . After five minutes you will forget any supposed ` limitations ' . The black and white cinematography is utterly perfect . The plot is one which everyone * thinks * they know , but contains surprising depths , especially the ending -LRB- which remains contentious -RRB- . The acting -LRB- especially Jean Morais playing several roles -RRB- is just right . The Criterion Edition remastering has done marvels - having seen art house cinema prints of this and broadcasts on the dear old BBC of this movie , I was astonished at the improvement in picture and sound .
 This is the actual movie she wanted for Christmas . She has watched it numerous times although it is in French . She loves period films , b/w films and wanted this in French . SHe is very happy with this movie .
 There 's not much to complain of in this Criterion issue . You can watch the movie in French , with various subtitles , with commentary , with documentary backup . Either way , it is one of the great films of the world by a true visual artist.Like everyone , I prefer Marais as the Beast to when he becomes the prince version . So might you .
 This item arrived quickly and in good condition . I saw a few minutes of this movie on television and I had to order a copy . I usually do n't like sub titles , but this movie is almost magical . I do n't know why I have n't heard more about this movie .
 Jean Cocteau 's LA BELLE ET LA BETE remains one of the benchmark masterpieces in cinema history . Filled with fascinating camera tricks and exquisite performances , it 's a magical movie for all ages.Based on the immortal fairytale by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont , the story plays out more or less in the way most people are familiar with . The selfless Belle -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- agrees to live in the castle of a hideous Beast -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- after her father steals a white rose from his enchanted garden . The Beast 's only request is to watch her nightly during dinner ; Belle is given all the freedom she wishes , yet she may never step beyond the palace borders . When Belle is granted the chance to visit her sick father , the Beast gives her the key to his vault of riches as a token of his trust that she 'll return . When her siblings discover the key , they steal it away for their own selfish ends . Belle returns just as the Beast is in his death throes , finally realising how much she loves him.LA BELLE ET LA BETE should be compulsive viewing for any serious movie fan ; lovers of fairytale cinema will adore it too . Josette Day is just like a porcelain doll come to life , impossibly beautiful with a mane of long blonde hair and costumed in some of the most ornate and beautiful gowns . Jean Marais handles the role of the Beast well -LRB- and also gets to play Belle 's unwanted admirer Avenant -RRB- . The film also features well-judged performances from Mila Parely , Nane Germon , Michel Auclair , and Marcel Andre.Jean Cocteau 's inspired vision was later the basis for the `` Faerie Tale Theatre '' version starring Susan Sarandon and Klaus Kinski ; the 1990 animated Disney musical also adopted some of the thematic elements -LRB- particularly the ` Enchanted Objects ' -RRB- . They all pale beside the true classic ... LA BELLE ET LA BETE .
 The premise of this French fairy tale will be familiar to anyone who 's seen the wildly successful and -LRB- on its own terms -RRB- worthy Disney feature , but this original version by director Jean Cocteau is a more subtle , bewitching and artful rendering of the story . Magic , menace , fantasy and wonder are created through make-up , lighting , and sheer ingenuity of conception . The result is a work of genius , a stunning and surreal masterpiece sure to captivate the child in us all .
 In this , his first feature film , director Jean Cocteau set a standard for filmmaking that not even he could surpass . A masterpiece of inventive , surreal imagery , this film captivates the viewer as few other films have . Haunting , lyrical , and enchanting , this film retells the story of an age old fairy tale classic , `` Beauty and the Beast '' by Jeanne Marie LePrince De Beaumont . The film is sheer poetry in motion.This marvelous , exquisitely rendered adaptation centers around the core of the fairy tale . An impoverished merchant -LRB- Marcel Andre -RRB- comes across a most unusual chateau , deeply hidden in the forest , where he is provided with hospitality by an unseen host . Upon leaving , he happens to break off a rose from a rosebush in the garden of his reclusive host , in order to take it back to Beauty -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- , the most beloved of his three daughters . This simple act calls forth his previously unseen host , The Beast -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- , who tells him that the theft of that which The Beast loves most will cost the merchant his life or the company of the one whom the merchant loves most , one of his daughters . Allowed to return home temporarily , the merchant tearfully recounts what happened to him , and Beauty surreptitiously goes in his place to the enchanted chateau upon a magical horse that seems to sparkle with fairy dust . It is there that she , too , meets The Beast . Alas , the path of true love does not run smoothly , and Beauty and The Beast , together , make that discovery.Be prepared for a visual feast of dreamy black and white cinematography , as well as one of the most unusual sets ever to grace the silver screen . Living statuary , human candelabras , and tears that turn to diamonds are just some of the exquisite , surreal immagery that take the viewer 's breath away . Superlative performances by Josette Day and Jean Marais , as well as an excellent supporting cast , make this , indeed , a film to remember ! Filmed in 1946 , time has not dimished the ability of this masterpiece to enchant and captivate the viewer . Bravo !
 One of the great masterpieces of cinema and one of my all time favorite films . Jean Cocteau 's version of Beauty and the Beast is by far the ultimate version of this classic fairy tale fable , bar none . Rarely is pure enchantment captured on celluloid magnificently ; Wizard of Oz , The Red Shoes , Snow White and Babe are among enduring examples of great cinematic enchantment , but Cocteau 's version rules supreme above all others.Where to start ? The magical castle filled with living statues , object d'art and magic mirrors that watch over Beauty ? -LRB- The famous arms as candlabra protruding from the entrance hall walls is a famous image repeated as recently as in the musical version of Phantom of the Opera , itself of course another version of Beauty and the Beast . -RRB- Or the impossibly handsome and charming Jean Marais in triplet as Beauty 's suitor , the Prince , and the Beast ? Perhaps the shimmering , gorgeous black and white photography , blessedly rescued , finally , in this restored DVD version ? -LRB- For years Cocteau 's film was only available via videos and rare televison viewings with wretched prints . -RRB- Or the addition of Philip Glass ' new score ? All of these things add up to make Beauty and the Beast one of the best films ever , but at the center of course is the master of the enchanted castle , the Beast himself . Looking like a cross between a bear and a cat , draped in elaborate costuming over the Beast outfit , still Marais manages to move with grace and lithe movements , balletic even , and is able to convey the Beast 's tortured emotions and inner conflicts with his eyes , voice and gestures . Brilliantly conceived by Cocteau , modeled -LRB- as was the look of the entire film -RRB- after the great 19th century French illustrator Gustave Dore 's rendering of the fable , Jean Marais is pure poetry as the Beast , who is one of the great romantic , tragic figures in art , a rose bearing , tortured , Byronesque being , conflicted between his impossible love for Beauty and his own innate savagery -LRB- `` I am a monster -- yet my heart is good , '' he laments to Beauty , a heartbreaking line delivered in a way that stops you in your tracks -RRB- . With this DVD restored version , one of the miracles among movies has been brought back to gorgeous life for new generations to treasure . Beauty and the Beast finally are united when the dying Beast turns into the handsome Prince . Upon seeing the film Greta Garbo is supposedly said to have cried `` I want my Beast back ! `` Indeed -- as would we all .
 This is a beautiful version of the `` Beauty and the Beast '' fairy tale . Cocteau creates a dreamlike world of fantasy and illusion . There are two versions of the film available on this disk - one with spoken words and one with opera singing . Both are French , subtitled in English . I watched this movie twice in one evening - once with the spoken dialogue , once with the opera track . I was enchanted by the beauty of the story , and the black and white picture adds to the mystery . This is a film that I would watch again and again .
 Beauty and the Beast is based on Madame de Beaumont 's fairy tale with the same name , and Cocteau 's adaptation is strikingly alike the original with a few exceptions . The story begins with Cocteau explaining himself in the beginning of the film with a small statement in regards to children and their naivet&eacute; and then the film opens as most fairy tales do with , `` Once upon a time ... '' The father is raising one son , Ludovic , and three daughters , Felicie , Adelaide , and Belle -LRB- translated to Beauty -RRB- by himself . Felicie and Adelaide are the malicious daughters that openly expresses their greed , sloth , and envy as they hurt Belle . The son brings the family to the brink of poverty as he loses the family 's furniture and valuables in a gambling debt . On the way home from attempting to settle the debt , the father gets lost in a storm and he finds what seems to be a deserted magical castle . In the morning when the father gets ready to leave the castle he finds a rose and remembers that Belle 's wish was to receive a rose , however , the Beast appears and expresses his dislike for theft of the rose and tells him that he must pay with his life or the life of a daughter . When Belle finds out she caused her father this anguish she voluntarily gives herself to the Beast . Beauty and the Beast is a fairy tale that teaches lessons as stories should , and there are several lessons worth learning in this magnificent adaptation by Cocteau . The special effects in the film enhance the magic as Cocteau presents his vision of Madame de Beaumont 's fairy tale . Overall , the supreme realism which is observed in the Beast 's humanity is a major factor in the films influence of a brilliant cinematic experience.As Jean Cocteau stated in his essay of his own film , Beauty and the Beast , `` I have tried to give you something of what led me into an experience that I shall not repeat , because true experience must be unique . I can only compare it once again to the casting forth of a seed , which falls on favorable or unfavorable ground , blowing where it will . '' Hence , Beauty and the Beast is truly a unique cinematic experience .
 The print is outstanding , the restoration they did on this is nothing short of magnificent . Watch it with music and subtitles -LRB- my favorite -RRB- or listen to it sung in opera . Either way , no one can ever out do this the way it was filmed years ago . Ca n't believe the special effects they had then . Costuming is also first rate . Ca n't say enough about this movie and the dvd edition . I saw the earlier version criterion had and this one jumps all over it . You would think it was filmed today the way it is cleaned up .
 This restored version is magnificent . I wasamazed at the difference between this and myold vhs unrestored version . Cocteau 's filmremains one of the most visually mesmerizing ever made.I do however agree with Greta Garbo 's commentregarding the true to the original story ending , `` Give me back my Beast . ''
 I first saw this film 20 years ago and am still enchanted by the creativity that inspired it and which it in turn inspires.The latest ` borrowed ' effect , in the recent release of `` Phantom of the Opera '' is a testament to it 's timeless magic . The vision that created these ` special effects ' in a time when special effects relied on the innocence of the audience are still powerfully intact.A must see for film buffs , fairy tale lovers , Disney fans ; Jean Cocteau 's film is potent stuff and a film for the ages .
 Those involved in the restoration of this film deserve a well deserved thank you . This was surely painstaking work . I saw this film many years ago and it was riddled with visual lines and spots , as well as audio pops and crackling . I noticed things in this cleaned up version that were impossible to see before . Do n't be turned off that it has subtitles , the dialogue is n't lengthy and it 's easy to read . Jean Cocteau should have won an oscar for Best Foreign Film . The extras on this dvd are fascinating . Overall , top notch .
 If you 're considering buying any one item here , you have just found it . This is quite simply one of the top five films ever made , combining such a lyrical reading of the story , memorable acting and special effects that could n't be better illustrated in any other context . It is as if Cocteau is holding a wand .
 Indeed ! This is the ` ultimate ' version of the fable created by the legendary Jean Cocteau and starring Jean Marais as you know who ... . The restoration is magnificent , crisp , pristine images and lots of required extras on this version including the Philip Glass score -LSB- absolutely a double-plus -RSB- . It 's a dreamy , semi-nightmarish vision - never quite duplicated -LSB- copied ? -RSB- by Hollywood ~ and light-years ahead of its time . Superior and expertly detailed costume and set design.Forget the cartoon version - silly bland fare by comparison .
 Visually stunning , baroque , surrealistic fantasy/fairy tale , directed by masterful french artist , poet , Jean Cocteau , starring his longtime lover and proteg&eacute; , legendary film actor Jean Marais , and Josette Day as `` Belle '' , both perfect in their roles.This is a sumptuous and very lyric film , a real one-of-a-kind experience , a masterpiece , and for sure , the very best version of the story . The Art Direction , the sets , the costumes , are all p-e-r-f-e-c-t ... and the beast 's make-up -LRB- mask -RRB- is great !! This is one of the top examples of classic french film . Not to be missed .
 Before I have known Cocteau like a very interesting poet and stage writer and La Belle et La Bete is the first -LRB- but sure not the last -RRB- of his films for me . I was stunned by the visual beauty and surreal mood of the movie . It 's amazing how a fairy tale , which is nowadays considered being a child 's thing can be turned to a such at the same time macabre and beautiful piece of art by a great artist . Or maybe just returned to the roots ? Take your kid 's book , forget the Walt Disney images and try to think of what the fairy tales really mean . You will be scared to go to bed -LRB- there 's something under it -RRB- . To return to the film - the end left me totally perplexed
 The folks at Criterion never fail to amaze me , I for one am exceedingly grateful for this high quality re-release of a much loved masterpiece . Jean Cocteau 's La Belle et La Bette is a virtually perfect movie , visually spellbinding and deeply satisfying from both an emotional and psychological perspective . While Cocteau 's special effects may seem familiar to us now , bear in mind that they were stunningly original when he created this film . Which brings me to my thought , however modest.Sometimes stories do not improve in the retelling . To see what I mean , track down Disney 's handling of the classic fable , and see how his mouse-eared crew of sanitation engineers removed the dread , sex , and drama from it . Then track down the Shelley Duvall Faerie Tale Theatre version starring Susan Sarandon and Klaus Kinski , and see how - even with a tiny budget - superb acting and art direction give the story its dark passion and truth . Then watch Cocteau 's film , the original , the version that has never been equaled , much less surpassed . The difference is astounding.Despite the primitive filmmaking techniques , this movie draws you into its ominous world where the stakes are life or death and self-sacrifice has a very special meaning . I question the addition of a score by Phillip Glass , I love his work elsewhere but do n't believe it belongs here . But this is a minor quibble . How lucky we are to live in an age where obscure gems like this are so readily accessible . Cocteau was quite a guy , writer , poet , painter , filmmaker - a complete artist . The complexity and depth of his daring vision are visible in every frame .
 Jean Cocteau 's La Belle et La Bete is on a lot of Best Movie lists , sometimes for snooty reasons . After all , it 's foreign -LRB- that 'll get you 4 stars right there -RRB- , it 's French -LRB- there are a whole class of movie critics who like nothing but -RRB- - and it 's relatively old -LRB- made after WWII -RRB- , so it qualifies as a `` classic . '' But sweep aside all that pseudo-intellectual noise , and you 're still left with a magnificent movie.I discovered it accidentally . Most of the people I grew up with , went to school with , worked with , never knew it existed - and if they had known , they might have thought it was dumb and boring because there were n't any car chases or explosions . Plus you have to read subtitles - what a bummer!But there are times in your life when you 're ripe for magic . I was fourteen , and I had my own -LRB- black & white -RRB- TV in my bedroom . I loved that thing , because it showed me worlds far outside my little Phoenix suburb . One night I was surfing -LRB- in this case , actually turning a dial -RRB- , and I landed on our local PBS station . I saw a beautiful woman entering what looked like a haunted castle . Disembodied arms held candelabra in the entryway , and she glided along the hallway outside her bed chamber as if the floor were moving . There was no sound , and when she turned to run from the castle , she moved in slow motion . When she got to the courtyard , she was confronted by a magnificently dressed man with the head of a lion . She fainted . He picked her up and carried her back into the castle.That was IT , my friends . That scene was like an arrow to my heart . No way was I going to touch that dial until the movie was over . It replayed the next night , so I watched it from beginning to end . No other attempt to film the story of Beauty And The Beast has even come close to it . No other attempt ever will . There are several reasons why.Maybe the essential reason is Jean Cocteau . He was like an author writing a book . This makes sense when you consider that he was a novelist , painter , playwright , and poet , besides being a filmmaker . Though he was a poet , he knew that pursuing poetry too enthusiastically can cause it to elude you completely . And I suspect that the romance in La Belle et La Bete was more personal for Cocteau than it ever was for other directors who filmed the story of Beauty And The Beast . Of all the characters in his film , the one he seemed to relate to the most was Belle , played by Josette Day . In his book about making the movie , Diary Of A Film , Cocteau wrote a little note about Josette . He said she looked like he had when he was younger . When you consider that his lover and lifelong friend Jean Marais played both the Beast and the other man who loved Belle -LRB- Avenant -RRB- , this little note takes on extra significance.Considerable credit for the look of La Belle et La Bete belongs to Christian Berard , the art director , and Henri Alekan , the cinematographer -LRB- just two of the artists/technicians who deserve credit -RRB- . According to Cocteau 's own diary , he did not always agree with his team , and often felt frustrated with them . Yet he persevered in his collaboration with them . The production was an expensive challenge , he really had to improvise to get supplies , line up shooting locations , design special effects . And , though it may seem like filming the production in black & white was an artistic choice , he indicates in Diary of a Film that he would have preferred color - it just was n't an option in postwar France . It 's hard to say what that color production would have looked like - the black & white turned out gorgeous.The acting is superb . And the folktale was originally adapted for print by two Frenchwomen , so perhaps Cocteau was sensitive to what was between the lines . But two things that really make the movie stand head and shoulders -LRB- and mane ? -RRB- above other versions are the `` creature '' design for the Beast and the beautiful score by Georges Auric . The Beast was so splendid in his velvet outfit and starched collar , so perfect as a lion , it makes you sad when he eventually metamorphoses into a man at the end . This outcome is not helped by the fact that Jean Marais is wearing those silly pantaloons that look like the little tents that go on the end of Thanksgiving drumsticks . Legend has it that Marlene Dietrich , after witnessing this transformation during a screening of the film in Paris , asked , `` Where is my beautiful Beast ? '' I 'm inclined to agree.Georges Auric 's score is also on my list of top ten scores . I love it from beginning to end , but one segment haunts me - the scene where Belle and the Beast walk together in the garden for the first time . There 's something timeless and magnificent about that scene - I think it 's the heart of the movie.Great books , music , and movies are made by brilliant people who are unique because they are a product of their particular place and time . That 's why other attempts to reproduce what they 've done are unsuccessful . No one will ever write a fantasy like The Lord Of The Rings , because Tolkien was a British man who was born in South Africa near the end of the 19th century , emigrated to England , and eventually served in the trenches of World War I. Likewise , Cocteau and his team of filmmakers had their unique experiences and vision -LRB- not to mention their own Great War -RRB- . The result of their collaboration is a movie that will be loved as long as people are still watching movies . It 's magic truly is timeless .
 cocteau pulls it off again with `` beauty and the beast '' . even though i like his works of ` pure surrealism ' better , this movie is a must buy if you 're even slightly interested in the visuals of the surrealist movement . the part where beauty 's father first goes into the beast 's castle is absolutely incredible -- watch for the clock with moving eyes and a somewhat sour facial expressions . -LRB- i 'd be pissed too if i was a clock . -RRB- the ending is a bit puzzling and i 'm not sure if iunderstood it properly , but i did n't really watch it for the story which is pretty trite and all too oft ' told , but it does n't really master since the rest of the film is so perfect and utterly captivating . whoever played the beast did a tremendous job and really became the character . a necessity !
 when my dvd arrived and I discovered it was in french I almost sent it back.I am so glad I watched instead.The costumes were elaborate and the movie being french did not matter.I feel I 've been enlightened to a foreign culture .
 I must admit I had not had heard of this movie until November 2012 until I came across it on Amazon . This movie was made in 1946 ; the year both my parents were born . I picked up the Criterion Blu-ray on sale and I immediately fell in love with the movie . This movie is beautiful as the fairy tale itself . Art direction is amazing . The visual effects are equally amazing . If you think about the filming techniques back in 1946 , your amazement will grow . The set decoration for the Beast 's castle and the visual effects are simply magnificent . Beast 's makeup is superb . And acting is just immaculate . I had never thought that I could be so much impressed by such an old movie -LRB- although I do have favorite movies as old as 1930s -RRB- . The movie works at every level . I loved the beginning title credits sequence where the credits are handwritten on a blackboard and erased and it repeats until all the credits are revealed - just type of creativity I expect to see while watching a film but rarely witness nowadays . I strongly recommend this movie to all fans of cinema .
 The first word that comes to my mind when I think of Jean Cocteau 's `` Beauty and the Beast '' is mysterious . There are elements of the film that we are never told but somehow are insignificant , like the exterior design of the Beast 's castle and the invisible servants . When the Beast tells Beauty that his parents disapproved of the idea of magic , it leads me to wonder what his parents were like , and how they influenced his transition from a prince into a monster.When most people think of the original tale of Beauty and the Beast , the immediate reaction is usually the 1991 Disney animated film . I 'm not sure of the number of people that loved both Cocteau 's version as well as Disney 's . The vast majority of people who enjoyed Cocteau 's film usually detest the animated film , and those who adore the animated film have probably never heard of Jean Cocteau . Seeing Cocteau 's `` Beauty and the Beast '' for the very first time over the past two days , I come to concede that it is indeed a great film , one of the most imaginative films ever made . Is it better than the Disney version though?One thing is for sure , and that is that Cocteau 's film keeps more elements of the original tale in play than Disney . Does it make the latter bad ? Of course not . But they are two completely different films with different target audiences . I 'm not going to use this review to compare these two films . That is for another time and another place.Though being a fantasy , `` Beauty and the Beast '' is one of the most mysterious films I 've ever seen . Like the tale it is derived from , the film concerns a young girl named Beauty , the daughter of a merchant who loses everything . In his quest to bring his family fortune , the merchant happens upon a castle , which gives him food and shelter . On his way out , he happens upon a rose bush , and takes a rose for Beauty since she asked for one . At that moment , the Beast appears and tells the merchant that since he took a rose , he must either give up one of his daughters to live with the Beast or die . Beauty offers to live with him , and though she finds him hideous , she grows to be his friend , and he grows to love her.I could go on and recite the story , but anyone who has continued to read this review I will assume has read the original tale with the ugly sisters and the Beast 's constant proposals to Beauty . What Cocteau does brilliantly is that he gives us the great interior designs of the castle , which recall Xanadu -LRB- strangely , the exterior design of the castle in Disney 's animated film does so as well -RRB- . It 's one of the creepiest and eeriest castles I 've seen in a film . The candelabras do n't sing -LRB- or even speak , nor do they have faces -RRB- , but they do extend their services creepily to whoever is being served.The one problem I had with this film is the design of the Beast . I know that the makeup took five hours to get on and five hours to get off , but frankly , the Beast in this movie just did n't seem scary . By contrast , the Beast designed by Glen Keane in Disney 's film seemed more animalistic . And although the Beast in this film claims to be an animal , neither his costume nor his makeup supports his claim.The relationship between Beauty and her Beast is as perfect as the characters in the animated film . They talk and grow like real people , they fall in love like real people , and they can open up to each other . It 's clearly one of the most fascinating relationships ever captured on film.So is either film better than the other ? Unless you 're in complete denial or hatred of either animated or black and white films , both Cocteau 's and Disney 's versions are masterpieces of the tale and of cinema . Although I hold Disney 's film dearer to my heart , Cocteau 's film either equals or surpasses the former . I would honestly put them on the same level of brilliance .
 I first saw this Beauty and the Beast decades ago on PBS television and had notseen it since . Then Amazon recently sent me an email about certain films it thoughtmight interest me . Beauty was one of them . I noticed it was now a Criterionrestoration in Blu-ray , and I had just received the Criterion Blu-ray restorationof Days of Heaven , Terence Malick 's visually sumptuous masterpiece . Beauty didnot disappoint . It 's hauntingly beautiful and so much of it is so unexpected.By the way , I 've been buying DVDs from Amazon for years since they have the bestprices and are totally reliable . Now if only Criterion would come out with aBlu-ray of the greatest film ever made - David Lean 's incredible epic , Lawrenceof Arabia - I 'd be a happy guy . The Japanese -LRB- SONY -RRB- own the rights to Lawrence afterthey bought Columbia Pictures and I believe they do n't want any competition totheir Japanese directors .
 Well since I do n't have a Blue Ray player it will be a while before I can watch this ! But it is a movie I 've wanted to see for a long time and figured if I 'm going to buy it Get The Best Version ~ ! Now for the Question ... Ratio Aspect is listed as 1:77:1 And the Blue Ray that I got in is listed as 1:33:1 Did I get an incorrect disc ... Considering that there is only ONE Blue Ray disc type listed ... or does Amazon have up ERRONEOUS Disc Information ??? Just wonderingHopefully I 'll get an answerGypsy
 Classic movie and classic movie-making . The picture/restoration is typical Criterion fair -LRB- i.e superb -RRB- and the Philip Glass `` musical opera '' sound track -LRB- in 5.1 mind you -RRB- is as magical as I remember it when I saw it during my grad school days . For those who care about classic cinema getting this bluray is a no brainer .
 I 've always enjoyed BB , even in its previous film or video incarnations . Now we have the most complete and digitally restored version -- what a pleasure to relive this classic.However , it 's viewing BB as a Philip Glass opera that really ups the ante . Glass music can seem to be repetitious , although this was never a problem for me . Rather , it 's always a worthwhile challenge to dissect the variations and development within his music . For BB , Glass has created a much less repetitious score that plays with , supports and expands the visual and narrative drama . The result is , I believe , an unusually beautiful work of art.The extras help to appreciate the work that was involved in the restoration and the creation of the opera . Of great interest are the interviews of the actors/producers of the original film . This is a really special DVD .
 If there was ever a list of the 100 Greatest Fantasy Films of All Time , `` Beauty and the Beast '' -LRB- `` La Belle et la Bette '' -RRB- should unarguably be number one . This film , written and directed by French filmmaker Jean Cocteau , is the very definition of the word `` fairy tale '' . It 's haunting , breathtaking , beautiful , dreamlike , enchanting , even psychological . And the special effects ! I introduced this film to some friends one movie night and they were mesmerized by the Beast 's castle . In this age of CGI special effects , one ca n't help but ask out loud
 funny . i 've always kind of liked Disney 's animated spectacular ` beauty and the Beast ' , but every time i see Cocteau 's film version of ` La Belle et la Bete ' , i can hardly stomach the nauseating cuteness of the Disney film.after having seen the Cocteau film after some twenty years , i could n't believe how beautiful it was in comparison . it makes the Disney version seem shallow and trite . as a matter of fact , after seeing this Cocteau 's version i do n't think i could ever go back to the Disney version and be satisfied with it . in comparison , Disney 's version seems like such commercial junk.critics always play up the sophistication and artistic side of Cocteau 's film . it is high art no doubt . it is also a very enchanting and charming children 's film with the same inoccent child like fantasy of the original ` Wizard of Oz ' film or Walter Lang 's ` The Bluebird ' . even though it is in old time black & white , the film is far better and more intelligent than the Disney film . children brought up on Cocteau 's film will probably turn out a little bit more thoughtful and smarter than with the Disney tripe . at least they wo n't have a bunch of cutesy , Disney songs droning through their heads afterwards.james -LRB- the ` Alice ' fan -RRB-
 There is a saying about some of the greatest filmmakers of all time ... The have childlike tendencies ... This movie may prove this saying correct . Jean Cocteau has made a movie more thrilling , and as much as fantastical as those of the great German silent era . He pulls from the depths of his soul , all that we are taught as children and hold so dear to the day we die , having passed it on to our children and theirs ... that there is beauty , there are beasts , there is darkness but in that darkness lies a light that can never be lost . The light of beautiful days , we remember in our darkests.La Belle at a Bete blows open the imagination of everyone who watches it . After first viewing this with my brother , we were so amazed . It opened those locked doors of my imagination and drove me wild with the passion to write beautiful pieces of works . It showed how painting with light is really done , producing some of the most visually succulent images ... It also showed me how to be funny , as the two sisters , brother and Belles admirer provide a type of comic relief to this very heavy , emotionally charged film . It balances wonderfully ... One of the greatest French films ever made . Every child and adult should share this experience toghether . Enjoy !
 It was a little tiring to read the subtitles throughout the movie , but it is worth every bit of it ! Not a movie for kids , but definitely entertaining for teens and adults of all ages . For being an earlier movie , the beast was kind of creepy in the beginning . Just his mannerisms alone caused the beast to be a little sad and haunting . To fully understand just what I mean you have to see the movie for yourself . The restored version is oh so fun to watch . I 'm probably going to enjoy viewing it at least a hundred more times !
 Jean Cocteau 's Beauty and the Beast -LRB- 1946 -RRB- is not only one of the greatest films I have seen - a perfect blend of poetic fantasy and psychological depth - it 's also one of my all-time favorites . The restored version from the Criterion Collection is among the best DVDs I have seen , both for the breathtaking clarity of the image and sound , and for a wealth of supplemental materials , including several fascinating documentaries , essays in a lavish printed booklet , and Philip Glass 's complete opera synched to the film on a separate audio track.With each re-viewing of Beauty and the Beast , I see new layers of Cocteau 's vision . As a child , I was enthralled by how real , and actually lived in , this fairy tale world seemed . And I was spellbound by the Beast , brought fully , both horribly and tenderly , to life by Jean Marais ' riveting performance . I will never forget the Beast 's death scene , when Marais expresses worlds of pain , love , and self-understanding solely through the eyes peering out of a feral , hair-covered face.The film does not need today 's digital special effects ; it still works perfectly with its own low-tech but deeply resonant wonders . And it is a triumph of design . Cocteau worked closely with production `` illustrator '' Christian B&eacute;rard and cinematographer Henri Alekan to give the picture what he called `` the soft gleam of hand-polished old silver . '' It is filled with simple but gorgeous - and unforgettable - tableaux , from a corridor of disembodied human arms grasping candelabra that burst into flame as you pass by , to Beauty gliding in slow motion through the enchanted castle . Then there is the indefinable magic of the scene at the manor with huge white sheets drying in the sun , creating silhouettes of striking power . -LRB- Cocteau 's crew spent weeks searching everywhere for sheets without patches , an almost unheard of luxury in postwar France . -RRB- Technically , and aesthetically , it is astonishing how Cocteau wrested so much visual interest from a film comprised almost entirely of medium shots . A close look reveals how dynamically , yet subtly , unbalanced most of the compositions are . We rarely see a subject head on , but rather from a slightly skewed angle . And during some of the most important moments , Cocteau foregrounds an unimportant object -LRB- a candlestick , a tree branch -RRB- to block our view , to make our imaginations fill in the obscured main details . Throughout he also makes evocative use of shadows , both where you would expect them , in the Beast 's mysterious realm , and where you might not , in the merchant 's strangely foreboding manor house . This tense visual quality meshes perfectly with the film 's complex emotional nature.On one level , Beauty and the Beast is a perfect , and largely faithful , realization of a great fairy tale , originally written in 1756 by French author Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont while she served as a governess in Scotland . But Cocteau 's film exists on many other levels as well , which is why it continues to appeal as much to adults as children . There have been many interpretations , including symbolist , Jungian , Freudian , deconstructionist , and even gay readings -LRB- Cocteau is not only a preeminent author , poet , artist , playwright , and filmmaker of the 20th century , he is also a central gay icon -RRB- . All of these views help reveal the many , and sometimes contradictory , layers of Cocteau 's vision.At its simplest and most direct , the film paints a moral lesson as easily understood by a child as by most adults
 In this , his first feature film , director Jean Cocteau set a standard for filmmaking that not even he could surpass . A masterpiece of inventive , surreal imagery , this film captivates the viewer as few other films have . Haunting , lyrical , and enchanting , this film retells the story of an age old fairy tale classic , `` Beauty and the Beast '' by Jeanne Marie LePrince De Beaumont . The film is sheer poetry in motion.This marvelous , exquisitely rendered adaptation centers around the core of the fairy tale . An impoverished merchant -LRB- Marcel Andre -RRB- comes across a most unusual chateau , deeply hidden in the forest , where he is provided with hospitality by an unseen host . Upon leaving , he happens to break off a rose from a rosebush in the garden of his reclusive host , in order to take it back to Beauty -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- , the most beloved of his three daughters . This simple act calls forth his previously unseen host , The Beast -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- , who tells him that the theft of that which The Beast loves most will cost the merchant his life or the company of the one whom the merchant loves most , one of his daughters . Allowed to return home temporarily , the merchant tearfully recounts what happened to him , and Beauty surreptitiously goes in his place to the enchanted chateau upon a magical horse that seems to sparkle with fairy dust . It is there that she , too , meets The Beast . Alas , the path of true love does not run smoothly , and Beauty and The Beast , together , make that discovery.Be prepared for a visual feast of dreamy black and white cinematography , as well as one of the most unusual sets ever to grace the silver screen . Living statuary , human candelabras , and tears that turn to diamonds are just some of the exquisite , surreal immagery that take the viewer 's breath away . Superlative performances by Josette Day and Jean Marais , as well as an excellent supporting cast , make this , indeed , a film to remember ! Filmed in 1946 , time has not dimished the ability of this masterpiece to enchant and captivate the viewer . Bravo !
 I vascillated for a long time on picking up this disc . Its pricey and I asked myself , how often I would want to revisit this film , practically memorized by now , having viewed it countless times over the years.Yet something drew me to this edition , and the verdict is definitely a positive one . The restored version is lovely-all the incredible contrasts of soft greys , silver and stark blacks have been gloriously brought back to life . This what they mean by `` in glorious black and white ! '' There is a clarity and richness here that gives the viewer an opportunity to notice subtlties that were obscured by the scratchy old print that was used on the VHS version . Gone are the distracting audio pops and clicks and most of the visual scratches , allowing the viewer to more readily fall into the dreamy trance of this timeless film.Cocteau was a poet and a visionary , and despite the technical limitations of film in the 1940 's , he brought real magic to the screen , something that today 's digital wizardry does n't always deliver . This is a richly textured retelling of this famous fable , full of detail and nuance . It is decidely more Grimms than Disney , so I do n't recommend showing it to small children . Charged with an undercurrent of eroticism and psychological symbols , it is really a fairy tale for adults.The disc is packed with extras . I have n't yet checked them all out , but the `` Screening at the Majestic ' is a nice documentary . I particularly enjoyed seeing Jean Marais , still very much alive and kicking , reminiscing at the very house that was used as the set for Beauty 's family home . I started watching the film with the alternative Phillip Glass opera soundtrack and was amazed to find that the opera vocals are the exact original dialogue , and even more astounding , somehow he was able to sync the vocals precisely with the actors performance . Quite a feat for any composer . It 's a bit eerie at first , but a great bonus that I will sit through and absorb someday . I 'm looking forward to seeing the Alekan interview as well.Criterion generously fills the accompanying booklet with more gems ; a translation of the original fable by Mme.le Prince de Beaumont is in there as well as a couple of fascinating essays , including Cocteau 's own thoughts as to the meaning of his film.While all the extras are a great addition , this version is worth the price of admission just by virtue of the film itself . This is a complex allegorical fairytale , filled with symbols and dream imagery . And like all great fairy tales -LRB- and dreams -RRB- it is filled with ambiguities and contradictions . Perhaps this is why we can come back to it again and again over the years , finding something new in it each time . Every time the ending comes I am confused and beguiled . It always leaves me with a sense of wonder , curiosity and unanswered questions.What more could you want from a movie ?
 `` Criterion has ceased manufacturing our original edition of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST -LRB- spine # 6 -RRB- to make room for a new edition , scheduled for release later this year . The new BEAUTY AND THE BEAST will feature a new transfer , a new spine number , and additional new supplemental features . It will be preceded by a theatrical release of newly restored prints in the spring . It 's not technically going out of print , but the original edition will be replaced . '' - Jon Mulvaney / Criterion Co. .
 Although I have owned the Cocteau `` Beauty and the Beast '' on tape for a number of years , I was hesitant to buy the Criterion Collection restored version on DVD because I had read that there was a new sound track
 Cocteau 's BEAUTY AND THE BEAST will leave an impression on those who are about to see it for the first time . Anyone who has seen it already will be able to recount multiple favorite images and delight in expounding upon them . Film in the hands of some people seems to become more malleable . Cocteau is one such weaver of images whose fantasy world is at the same time childlike and foreboding - innocent as a puppet theatre , then dark as sin.The film mixes fantasy and reality by presenting time spent in the ordinary world in straightforward , unambiguous scenes and juxtaposing these with theatre-like sequences that represent the parallel world of enchantment . Surreal set pieces , mists and blackness define the borders of the Beasts domain.From the Beasts smoking hands after the kill to the living arm sconces and the couples flight in the end , simple effects seem to gain impact from the bare uncomplicated nature of them thrust out into view like magic tricks.Composed like paintings the rich imagery conspires with stellar black and white photographyto produce a seeming mid range of silver smoke and shimmering highlights.Anyone into or discovering film should acquaint themselves with this highly original sence of cinema that has lured admierers for almost six decades.This adaptation of a fairytale will be best understood by adults but should be shared with children as well.Small children will be uneasy in the presence of the Beast who looks a far cry from a cartoon character . Also , someone older will have to read the subtitles to them but in a darkened room that might make it even more effective as a fairy tale experience .
 I 've been enchanted with `` La Belle et La Bete '' for as long as I can remember , seeing it at repertory movie houses more times than I can remember , even buying an original poster from its French release.I thought I knew `` Beauty and the Beast , '' but seeing this DVD version , published by the reliably meticulous crew of the Criterion Collection , was a revelation and a delight.Through long and painful processes -LRB- documented on the DVD -RRB- , the scratchy , jumpy , fluttery-sounding film I loved has been transformed . The producers modestly say `` restored ; '' I say nothing short of REBORN . No more scratches , hairy-looking objects , missing frames ... . finally this masterpiece has , as Cocteau intended , the `` soft gleam of hand-polished old silver . `` The superb restoration alone would distinguish this release , but we 're also treated to two fascinating and informative commentary tracks , numerous short segments including a `` making of '' the original film , recollections of various people involved in its production , the art of makeup , a whole alternate operatic soundtrack , and more.When I could look away from the screen , I discovered a lavish booklet containing an excerpt from Cocteau 's press book for the U.S. release of the film , a passage from a biography of Cocteau , and the entire original fairy tale -LRB- it was surprisingly short -RRB- , handsomely laid out amidst a selection of still photos from the film , all suffused with that patina of old silver.Criterion rather immodestly calls the result `` breathtaking , '' and proclaims it is '' ... proud to present the definitive edition '' of a `` masterpiece . '' They deserve to be proud ; I can not imagine a better treatment of this classic and beloved film .
 Jean Cocteau 's elegant vision in `` La Belle et la Bete '' is an absolute treat . Marie Leprince de Beaumont 's dark fairy tale is turned into a film of erotic obsession . With its inventive and stylized images , this sensual film is not really for the kids . But some day they will come to appreciate Cocteau 's film as much as they love the Disney version . Josette Day is Beauty , while Jean Marais plays not only the Beast , but Avenant and the Prince as well . However , the costumes , make-up and sets are what you will remember long after you have seen this 1946 film for the first time . One of the most beautiful black and white films ever made , with lush cimenatography by Henri Alekan . Do not wait until your kids are old enough to watch this one before you see it for yourself .
 I have owned several video and DVD versions of `` Beauty and The Beast '' and this restored version took my breath away the first time I watched it . It 's almost like an entirely new movie , remade shot for shot , it 's that much better than any other version I 've seen . If you had never seen it before , you would never think it was over 50 years old ; it 's that clear and unblemished . It 's the perfect movie to watch when one needs reminding that falling in love with a perfect physically beautiful person is quite wonderful , but true beauty has nothing to do with the exterior of a person . The movie was made under difficult circumstances and the end result is a true work of art , created at a time when movies were made out of love , not a love for profit . When one watches the movie , your eyes should never miss a second of it . Some scenes in particular are works of art all on their own
 Glass 's opera , La Belle et la Bte , was composed to be listened to while watching the 1946 movie by Jean Cocteau , and everyone who likes the music of Phillip Glass should listen to it at least once that way . I bought the CD when it came out and have listened to it many times . It is a good sounding CD , but it is a CD , with the deficiencies that implies . The Criterion DVD has a 5.1 surround mix of the recording but it also has DVD quality sound which is basically 5.1 channel mp3 . But now there is a Blu-ray version from Criterion with a DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 surround version and that soundtrack has much warmth , richness , and fullness that is lacking in other versions . It is now the best way to listen to this music . You do n't have to watch the movie every time . But you can turn on the picture long enough to select the Glass soundtrack and press start and then turn off the picture if you do n't want it.I highly recommend the Blu-ray version . The sound is good enough that I am sure that the original master tapes must be recorded at something a bit higher in resolution than the 44.1 / 16 CD standard even if it was n't recorded at 96/24 . Was it 96/24 originally ? I do n't know , probably not ; but many recordings were recorded at higher bit and sampling rates by 1994 when this music was originally recorded.You can also watch the movie with the original soundtrack music by Georges Auric , in a high resolution uncompressed transfer of the original mono soundtrack , if you wish to see it as originally presented . And the picture quality is excellent , probably the best it has been seen in 50 or 60 years . If you like either the original movie or Phillip Glass , you ca n't go wrong with the Blu-ray , unless you do n't have a Blu-ray player , yet .
 If you want to know what these `` Fairy Tales '' were originally meant to impart , then this is the movie for you . Beyond that is the level of acting and directing that you would n't expect in a `` dress-up '' production . Everything is superb and that includes the emotions that you catch yourself reliving days later.Words do not do this movie justice . Cocteau 's `` Beauty and the Beast '' needs to be experienced for the event and adventure that it is , but for the beauty and tenderness , as well . It envelopes you like a cloud and long after it is over you are still feeling it . There are scenes betweenBeauty and the Beast that are so tender that you ache . There are other scenes that are so ripe with sexual tension that you expect the Beast to come roaring out . There is blood , anger bordering on violence and fear on both sides . This is not your kiddie matinee . It is a well acted story that is wonderfully directed and shot and should be on everyone 's list of `` must-have '' movies .
 The tale of Beauty and The Beast has been told in various forms for thousands of years . In cinema we have adaptations in King Kong -LRB- 1933 -RRB- ; Frankenstein -LRB- 1931 -RRB- ; Jekyl And Hyde -LRB- 1932 -RRB- ; The Phantom of the Opera -LRB- 1925 -RRB- ; The Hunchback of Notre Dame -LRB- 1939 -RRB- ; Creature From The Black Lagoon -LRB- 1954 -RRB- and more recently Edward Scissorhands -LRB- 1990 -RRB- and Shrek -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . The tale will continue to spawn new adaptations but for me there is only one version , Jean Cocteau 's ` La Belle et La Bete ' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- . La Belle et La Bete is adapted from the abridged version of the fairy tale by Madame Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont . The story is interpreted as a young woman 's coming of age tale with sexual desire being regarded as beastly . Therefore any man feeling this desire would be beastly and only when she learns to regard sexual desire as natural does she find happiness and the beast is transformed into prince charming . The film has a stronger masculine quality with emphasis shifting away from Belle towards the beast 's character . The film has also been interpreted in terms of the creative process of artist and muse , suffering for your art . Cocteau also includes many references to mythology -LRB- ex
 A masterpiece . Jean Cocteau has created one of the most arresting films in recent history , in the form of La Belle et La Bette . The story is familiar but the way it was executed is not . The hand-held candalabras , the magical horse , the moving faces in the Beast 's house , the white curtains are all proof to Cocteau 's genius as a film maker.A film for all to behold and for student film-makers to emulate . In this day and age of loud special effects , turn off the light and ignite just one candle whilst watching this DVD.Timeless and mesmerizing ...
 This review is about this DVD release only !!! Once upon a time - This is the true classic fairy tale . Disney 's updated animated feature copied many ideas from this Black & White Jean Cocteau French Clasic.The original Criterion DVD `` Beauty & the Beast '' went out of print and now has been digitally remastered and re-released for us to enjoy.The movie is an outstanding cinematographic marvel . This was made during World War II and film , cameras , money and occupied France contributed to the problems & the genius of this classic.This Criterion Classic DVD provides us with new high defintion digital transfer made from restored film elements , the Orignal Full Screen -LRB- before WideScreen -RRB- , Black/White picturesque sub-titled film , a second original operatic version by renowned composer Philip Glass - outstanding & very romantic , 5.1 Dolby Digital - crystal clear flawless sound , Documentary
 The problem with old -LRB- esp . foreign -RRB- film is that it can be hard to find good editions . Classics like this , which have already survived the test of time , tend to get picked up by two-bit distributors and released in the most disgraceful of manners . Thank god for the Criterion Collection ; This lavish transfer will not disappoint those with a healthy aesthetic . Reading a lot of the other reviews , I 've noticed that they 've mentioned something about the sound quality
 This is a great way to own a classic piece of film making . The video has been greatly cleaned up and is very watcheable considering it 's now several decades old , the sound is clear , and the extras provide real insight into the background .
 This was a great move for the Criterion Collection to rerelease a film and classic story that was ruined by the Disney version.This film is much more true to the original story . Disney even stole ideas from this release to put in their version and never credited Cocteau for what they took from him.The special makeup effects for the beast are nothing short of incredible considering when this film was made . This film is also credited with reviving French cinema which had been ravaged by the German occupation.It was an early attempt to present a child 's fairy tale for an adult audience . The Criterion edition also has the excellent Phillip Glass opera available for the secondary audio track .
 That Criterion would lavish two separate editions on Cocteau 's masterpiece says a great deal about this company and their love for this film . And this restored edition of Beauty and the Beast has many joys -- not the least of which is the up-until-now rarely seen `` chalkboard '' opening sequence -LRB- which was substituted for a different title sequence in American prints -RRB- . So it is disappointing , if not a little mystifying , that Criterion would include an `` alternate '' score by Phillip Glass . Mr. Glass ' opera , composed 30 years after Cocteau 's passing , has nothing to do with the restoration and preservation of Jean Cocteau 's great film ; it simply has no place here . Given the otherwise beautiful presentation from Criterion , it is too depressing to speculate on the reasons for this unfortunate inclusion.It might be said that the greatness of this film comes not simply from Cocteau 's isolated genius , but rather from the unprecedented degree to which Cocteau truly collaborated with other great artists . GEORGE AURIC 'S SCORE is not only one of the finest film scores ever composed -LRB- in terms of how it perfectly complements and counterpoints every other aspect of the film -RRB- , but it also , in and of itself , is a thing of rare and sustaining beauty . Of GEORGE AURIC 'S SCORE Cocteau said , `` The music is wedded to the film ; it impregnates it ; exalts it ; consummates it . The Beast 's spell puts us to sleep and the spectacle of this penumbra of sound is the dream within our sleep '' . ... The restoration of the original film , technically , is apparently about as good as it can get ; the over-all DVD presentation is handsome ; and the `` extras '' all out-shine the ones included in the earlier edition . It is worth purchasing if only to see recent color footage of many of the original exteriors , many of which feature the elderly Jean Marais -LRB- the Beast -RRB- and the extraordinarily beautiful Mila Par&eacute;ly -LRB- Ad&eacute;lade -RRB- .
 I do n't know where to begin this review . I saw the movie a couple years ago based on some kind reviews I read and I had to buy it and rewatch it immediately . This the sort of movie I feel everyone should see , no matter what their age . It has all the details of a children 's story , but it has a depth that any adult should recognize . Plus , the skill that goes into every scene and small special effect is amazing .
 I 'm not going to go into the story about Beauty and the Beast , as everyone already knows it . My only comment is for this edition of Beauty and the Beast . Some of the reviews criticize the first Criterion release of the timely classic , noting all of the movies pops , tics , and overall poor quality of picture and sound . My advice to you would be to not hesitate in purchasing this edition ! Picture is absolutely luminous . Sound is excellent . And of course the extras ! Criterion always makes it well worth the money with all of the extras they provide . What are you waiting for ? ORDER IT ALREADY !!
 This classic 1946 adaptation of the classic fairy tale is a real find for anyone who happens to be browsing through the library , or who is interested in French cinema . Famed French filmmaker Jean Cocteau directs this story about a beautiful young peasant girl who goes to live in an enchanted castle in the woods with a hideous looking beast . Gradually , she overcomes her fear of the beast and comes to pity , and eventually love him.The sets showing the inside of the castle are quite remarkable . This has got to be one of the eeriest looking castles I 've ever seen on film . I especially liked our first view of the inside of the castle with all those candles being held by what looks like human arms coming out of the walls -LRB- they are in fact robotic -RRB- . The black and white cinematography is beautiful and luminous.This film begs comparison with Disney 's animated version of the same story . Ultimately , both films are terrific , though this film is much darker and scarier . Use discretion with showing this to young children , the beast could turn up in some child 's nightmare .
 This is a visually stunning work of art . It 's like looking at the illustrations of a beautiful old Fairy Tale book . I dared not miss a single scene . I would truthfully consider this one of the best made movies of all time . Even with today 's technology no one has captured this dreamlike aura so stunningly photographed . This is definetly the best version of this classic fairy tale . Yes , it is in french with English subtitles , but it will not stop you from enjoying it . Buy it . You 'll want to see it over and over . Your kids will be enchanted !!!
 I must start off by quibbling with the reviewer who said that the longest he had seen a child sit through this film was six minutes . I quibble on two grounds
 My brother and I were TV addicts as children . We watched everything that was on and especially liked movies on WNET , WPIX and WPBS . Living near New York City gave us the opportunity to view many different types of films . We LOVED this movie as children and I have been searching for it for 35 years . What a treat to stumble upon it on your web site.The most vivid memory I have is definitely of the hands holding the candle sticks that move as the Beast walks down the hallway . I ca n't wait to buy this and watch it again . I 'll buy a second to give to my brother ! Thanks .
 FROM THE VERY FIRST TIME I SAW THIS FILM IT TOOK ALL MY ENERGY TO DIVIDE MY EYES BETWEEN THE BEAUTY OF THE FILM , AND THE BEAUTIFUL WRITTEN WORD . IT CONTINUES TO BE ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITES . I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN ATTRACTED TO FANTASY . EVERY GIRL WANTS TO BE BELLE TO HER BEAST .
 After seeing this film for the first time , almost 40 years ago ... I would look behind me everywhere I went and wait before mirrors to see what might appear within them . The beauty of this film is without equal ; it is seamless and alive with light and shadow ... like a perfect pearl . Filmed on a low budget , it is a miracle to behold . The statuary , the terraces , the carpetted hallways and the gardens are opulent and lush . There is one scene where Beauty literally floats along the hallway and another where smoke emanates from the claws of the Beast as he tragically ponders his animal nature . The raspy voice of the Beast adds to the dramatic impact ... many felt that he was more beautiful in his cursed state . I agree ... see the movie and decide for yourself .
 I saw this the first time in 1978 on PBS . At ten years old it stuck with me till now . Disney 's version was good for children , but if you really want traditional Gothic Romance , this is the one . The special effects for the time were extremely good and I ca n't wait to see the subtitles cleaned up on the DVD . I would also love to see Tim Burton do a version just like it , B/W in French if possible just to see someone else use humans as coat racks , candelabras and statues .
 I was fortunate to grow up in a house that came with a projection room , which enabled me to see many wonderful movies on a regular basis . When I saw Beauty and the Beast I was mesmerized . I was about six years old when I walked through the castle of the Beast and saw the wonderful human arms projecting out of the wall holding lighted candleabra aloft ... and the fireplace decorated with real human figures that turned their heads and blew smoke out of their mouths ! It was a waking dream , seen through gauze , and every detail of that land was fascinating . I hoped for years this would become available on video , and I strongly recommend this version .
 I was astounded at how captivated I was watching this movie . Every one knows the story - put Cocteau 's rendition is pure art .
 Sometimes artists ca n't improve on what 's already been done . Cocteau 's `` Beauty and The Beast '' is such a masterpiece . That it is shot in black and white only adds to its allure because it enhances the dream-like , fairy tale quality throughout . This version is faithful to the beloved tale and Marais is so wonderful as the beast that you are almost disappointed at the end when he returns to being a handsome prince . The film 's artistry also makes it gender-blind , that is , your husband will love it as much as you do without feeling like a wimp . Mine does at any rate !
 This film -- lyrical , hauntingly beautiful -- is even more amazing when considered in its historical context -- it was made in France in 1946 . From the post-war wreakage comes this flower -- I see this film as a tribute to hope and the human spirit !
 I saw this first as a tiny child . The film carries with it still all of the belief that the world can be magical and beautiful that it instilled in me previously . It is ageless .
 A must see ! What I liked best about this movie are the props & settings ... watch carefully to see all the wonderful ` human ' fixtures in the beasts castle ... this movie is from the 1940 's but still very much enjoyable ... it is by far my most favorite version of `` BEAUTY & THE BEAST ''
 Born and raised in France , I saw this movie for the first time when I was in my teens and it still haunts me today as it did then . Jean Marais was an accomplished actor and his sensibility and unsurpassed acting made this masterpiece absolutely surreal . It 's a must movie for those who want to escape from the ordinary ...
 One of the most popular of all fairy tales , `` Beauty and the Beast '' has been produced any number of times with varying degrees of success . Some are simple and not particularly interesting , some bizarre , some austere and philosophical , exploring our complex attitudes towards physical beauty and the notions of good and evil . But none of the others succeeds on so many levels as Cocteau 's version.Certainly there are purely cinematic reasons why this film seems touched by real magic , but the story Cocteau tells is so true to the tradition of the fairy tale , and the manner in which it 's told so childlike -LRB- not childish ; there is nothing simple-minded or small about this film -RRB- that the entire effect is one of suspension of all grown-up disbelief.There is no bar here to accepting `` Once upon a time '' as a kind of spell , an enchantment that will allow us to re-enter the world of our childhood . Cocteau 's BatB is truly one of the great fantasies . Highly recommended .
 I spent an entire winter watching this film over and over again . If you wondered where Disney got their ideas -- just see this film ! Made in the aftermath of World War II in France , everything was in short supply including film . Cocteau wanted make the film in color , and the laundry scene had light blue sheets that created a stunning picture , but color film was unavailable . Even so , you wo n't miss it . The performances and fantasy are so magnificent . Josette Day was a ballerina and it is easy to tell watching her graceful movements . Even so , her character is not all sweetness and light , she has a stubborn side too that reminds one of Scarlett O'Hara . Jean Marais plays a double role - her brother 's overly amorous friend and the Beast - get your psychology books out ! And the climax is breath-taking !!
 From the opening scenes to the last , this film is what Beaumont 's story would appear to be if one could do a direct to film translation . Though in this version Beauty only has one brother and there has been added a suitor -LRB- Who IMHO looks almost like Gaston of Disney 's . -RRB- these two characters make up for the lost of Beauty 's three . There has been some minor story changes , most noticbly a less moralistic ending , but over all kept true to the original work . It is a very captivating film , and the extras on the disc help enhance the experience of an already great film .
 Belle 's father -LRB- Marcel Andr&eacute; -RRB- has to go to town for business . He asks Belle -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- what she would like him to bring her . A Rose as there are no roses at home . On his way back from the city he must go through a mysterious forest in the evening . He stumbles upon an enchanted abode . There he is offered food and drink . On his exit the next morning he pilfers a prize rose to fulfill his daughters wish . Now he is confronted by the home owner La Bte -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- . For his indiscretion he is given the choice of giving up his life or that of his daughter . He returns home to tell the tale.The story first written by Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont is adapted by Jean Cocteau to film , also directed by Jean Cocteau.I could explain the great visual effects and dialog chooses . But it is much better described by the voice over track on the Criterion version . You will be enchanted by this version an will come to make this your favorite .
 At the beginning of `` La Belle et la Bete '' the wonderful film based on Marie Leprince de Beaumont 's book of the same title , the director , Jean Cocteau asks the viewer to become as little children and engage in the willing suspension of disbelief . Fortunately , I believe in mystical and magical things , so I found Cocteau 's instruction easy to follow and was rewarded with thrills of excitement.Criterion has performed it 's usaual great service , restoring a masterpiece . The technical aspects -- remastering of the 1946 black and white film appears to me to be very nearly perfect . But more importantly , `` La Belle et la Bete '' is truly a work of art . A documentary included with the DVD explains how Cocteau , in spite of wartime shortages , was able to create his fantasy using the paintings of Vermeer and the etchings of Gustave Dore as a point of inspiration . Many of the most spectacular scenes are animated Gothic wood block prints ! In an age of dazzling special effects , it is wonderful to know that creative geniuses have existed and once upon a time movie-making was based on artistic genius , not just technological wizardry.Beauty and the Beast is my favorite fairy tale . In this version , Beauty is a convincingly good daughter and the beast is a convincingly bloody beast . Mornings after his nighly prowls little dead animals can be found in the courtyard . -LRB- He is unlike the cowardly lion in The Wizard of Oz -RRB- . However , by the time the Beast is dying and Beauty rushes to his side , I am have come to care for him -- if not love him . Jean Marais and Josette Day are very convincing.Cocteau 's `` La Belle et la Bete '' is closer to the original European tale than many other dramatizations . The purpose of these `` fairy '' tales was to impart a distilled bit of wisdom from one generation to another . `` La Belle et la Bete '' teaches an eternal truth -- one does not love someone because of their appearance . True love is unconditional . If it is not unconditional , it is not love . As my mother used to say , `` You should not judge a book by it 's cover '' -- although many of us do .
 Jean Cocteau was one of France 's greatest poets , but he also made some magnficent films . He only helmed 5 films -LRB- maybe 6 -RRB- as director , but everyone bore his unmistakeable stamp . This is one of his greatest films.It simply retells a fairy tale that we are all familiar with . We know how it ends , we know how it begins , yet , everytime you see this film , it feels fresh , beautiful , and awe inspiring . It 's shot in simple black and white film -LRB- stunningly so by Henri Alekan , who also shot the original Wings of Desire years later -RRB- , has no overbearing songs , no cutesy `` comic relief '' elements , yet Cocteau manages to make this fairy tale seem like it was written yesterday . It is the work of a remarkable man/artist that can take something so well known and make it feel alive again . Cocteau does that here.One of my favorite scenes is the ending . We all know how the film ends , but when the Beast turns into the man , Cocteau uses his simple camera trick of running the film backward , making it look like Jean Marais leaps up -LRB- when the reality is he fell down and Cocteau just reversed the projection -RRB- . You know it 's not realistic , yet it 's so beautiful and feels more real than reality . Is that art ? I believe it to be so.This was one of Criterion 's first DVD 's , and they recently reissued it with a better restoration -LRB- thought the first DVD was quite good -RRB- , and also included is Philip Glass 's opera based on this film . I have the first DVD edition , and Glass 's score as well . I would recommend all of Cocteau 's films . They 're all so beautiful .
 A merchant lives with his selfish and vein wife Felice and his beloved sons
 This film is simply the greatest masterpiece EVER of surrealist cinema . Among the admirers of this great work of art are Picasso , Jung , Dali.The film raises the question
 It 's amazing how Cocteau manages to make so much magic better than any computer generated effects . Simple things like glitter in horses tail , a platform on wheels for Beauty 's glide down hall , reverse film -LRB- he also used in Orpheus -RRB- It reminds me of the magic of Japanese Kabuki theater , where spotlights are candles on long wooden sticks and the oceon is scarves waving about , so much more magical than moderntechnology.I also find Ray Harryhaussen special effects magical . -LRB- Jason and the Argonauts , the Seventh voyage of Sinbad -RRB- I also recommend The blood of a poet.I do n't think Cocteau deserved the put down by the surrealists as just a rich boy . I think he was a true artist . -LRB- Radiguet thought so . -RRB-
 The most groundbreaking work that has ever been done on this classic film , past the commentaries and polishes , was composer Philip Glass ' operatic juxtaposition . Simply put , Criterion is releasing a new version of this DVD with Philip Glass ' opera superimposed over the images , as he originally conceived it . That is something to look forward to .
 Sort of like a diamond or a snowflake
 Jean Cocteau 's magical and exquisitely lyrical interpretation of the fairy tale . Beauty 's -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- father accidentally picks a rose from the garden of the Beast -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- and must die , but Beauty insists on going in his place . The Beast then falls hopelessly in love with her.All the elements of a fairy tale are here
 This film immediately captured my attention with the written comments at the beginning of the film . Director Jean Cocteau begins this story by explaining why he wanted to make this film . He talks about the passion behind the picture and all the social unrest at the time . He ends this written dialogue with a comment that will forever remain in my mind . He says , '' ... and now , we begin our story with a phrase that is like a time machine for children
 `` Do n't be a coward ; cling to life . You must fight death , '' Belle pleads with Beast . `` Belle , if I were a man , '' he says , `` perhaps I could do as you say . But the poor beasts who want to prove their love can only grovel on the ground and die . `` This marvelous film , written and directed by Jean Cocteau , may seem to be a moody retelling of a fairy tale , but it moves much more deeply into the consequences of love , passion and trust . Please note that elements of the plot are discussed . Belle -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- and her two sisters and brother live with their father , a failing businessman who is about to be ruined . The two sisters are self-centered shrews and the brother is a wastrel . He has a friend , a tall , handsome and vapid fellow who keeps asking Belle to marry him . The father learns his last hope for a business rescue has failed . Returning home from the city , he finds himself in a mist-filled , shadowy forest . He pushes on and then it seems as if the trees are opening a path for him to a huge stone mansion . It appears empty , yet doors open for him . In the hallway he sees candelabra held by living arms . At a table set with food , hands pour wine for him . He drinks and sleeps . When he prepares to leave , still seeing no one , he finds roses growing along a path . He had promised his daughter , Belle , a rose and so he takes one ... and immediately is faced with Beast -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- , covered with fur , menacing and ugly , with sharp teeth and dressed like a prince . Beast says that for taking his rose , the father must either die or send one of his three daughters to live with him . When he returns home , the father finds that his elder two daughters all have reasons not to volunteer . Only Belle says she will gladly go to save her father 's life . And off she rides on a huge white horse back to the forest and into the magical home of Beast.For most of the movie we witness the changing feelings of Belle toward Beast . He is truly a beast . He kills animals in the forest because it is his nature to kill , yet he is lonely to his soul . And Belle discovers he has a soul . In some way she does n't understand , she is drawn to him . It 's not too superficial to say that the Beast is discovering love and that Beauty is discovering a kind of passion which is almost love , not quite pity , and which remains pure because she is honest . They see each other at 7 each evening . He asks the same question as she dines , `` Will you marry me ? '' She begins to look forward to her time with him . Sometimes they 'll walk around the mansion 's grounds and talk . In time she pleads to return to her home to see her father . Because he loves her , Beast agrees she may go for a week . He will even give her the golden key to all his treasure which will be hers if he dies ... and he will die if she does n't return . The selfishness of her sisters , the greed of her brother and the well-intentioned bravado of his friend all conspire to keep Belle at her father 's home . Cocteau eventually gives us a true and tragic joining of two hearts ... but also a fairy-tale ending , yet one where we feel sad even as Beauty finds her prince . The Beast has become so sad and complex a figure , so torn by his nature , that we hope there is enough of the Beast in the Prince to keep Beauty interested.Cocteau has concocted out of a fairy tale a complex and thoughtful look at how the deepest feelings we have about each other can change us . He has created two worlds , the sunny and superficial world of Belle 's family and the misty , dark world of Beast , where magic and true feelings can happen . The whole look of the movie is filled with odd and magical scenes ... those arms holding the candles and pointing the way , statues and medallions where the faces and the eyes follow Belle , the moment when Belle , unconscious , is carried by Beast into her room and as they pass through the doorway Belle 's country clothes are turned into a princesses gown with jewels and pearls , Belle gliding , floating through a hallway as she explores Beast 's home . Even the forest , which seemed so threatening when we first entered it with Belle 's father , has come to seem much more an expression of Beast 's loneliness as well as his nature . All of this has been created by human hands and human ingenuity ; there were no computers around to create the effects Cocteau wanted . Knowing this , for me , adds immensely to the magic of the movie . This is not only a wonderful film to own , it 's worth watching carefully if you 're into how films are made.The newly restored Criterion edition is superb . If I owned the original Criterion release , I 'd be inclined to upgrade .
 This movie never grows old to me , you will be enchanted by it . It also goes to show how a movie without $ 10 million worth of CGI effects can be a thousand times better.Excellent movie , wonderful fairytale , enchanting story .
 I must say first and foremost this is a fantastic film for any age.The special effects are awesome especially knowning it was made inthe forties after the war . It 's a timeless story . My mother first introduced my daughter to this version quite a few years ago.My daughter is a huge fan of `` Beauty and The Beast '' . I have been trying to find her the movies that have been made over the years.Ther are several obviously . This one by far seems to stick to the original story.I had never seen the film in it 's entierty until this last Christmaswhen I gave it to my daughter . Now I know why my six year old , at the time , was so enthralled with a foreighn film with subtitles.It 's a beautifully filmed masterpiece.I highly recommend it
 If you ever , I mean , ever want to see Beauty and The Beast , forget disney completely , this version is the only one worth watching.This movie is absolutely sublime . I fell in love with it the first time I saw it . Jean Marais , playing three roles , the beast/the prince / Avenat -LRB- Beauty 's suitor -RRB- is so amazing , you have to read the credits to realize that it is the same actor , his performance is almost pulling on Freud 's personality theory . Josette Day , is in addition to being beautiful , plays Beauty perfectly . She is the one who navigates between the world of her family and the Beast 's castle , well done.I love that is in black and white , I think color would ruin the movie completely . It 's a very subtle movie , full of metaphors that can only be discovered upon multiple viewings . The morality tale is there , as it is the most faithful to the author 's vision , but it is build upon , that is goes beyond a simple fairy tale.I would n't reccomend it for young children , let them think they know Beauty and the Beast . When they are old enough , they 'll learn the truth .
 THIS WAS THE FIRST FRENCH FILM OF COCTEAU I EVER SAW . THE PHOTOGRAPY IS SUBPURB , AND THE ACTING ALSO . THIS IS A CLASSIC .
 What an incredible story and film . You almost do not even need the subtitles to follow the story , the acting is that good . Also , the cinematography is remarkable ! The special features , which include interviews with surviving actors , and staff are interesting . There is also a short about the making of the film with the special effects used , which were trail blazing at the time .
 Movies just do n't get any better than this Cocteau masterpiece . The film , especially the scenes in the Beast 's palace , overflow with a dreamlike quality that is positively spellbinding . The imagery and creativity put to work by Cocteau and company should be used as textbook examples of how to create astonishing magic with restraint . Criterion 's restoration is , as always , beyond reproach . This production company is , arguably , the finest in the business . The images are crisp and clean and so beautifully touched up that the entire film has a fantastic sheen normally attributed to Hurrell and Richie glamour shots of the 20 's and 30 's . In my opinion , the seductive qualities of `` La Belle et la Bete '' have yet to be replicated in any other film . There have been many fantastic movies made since `` Beauty '' but none really come close to matching Cocteau 's brilliance and sense of cinematic wonderment . A must have for lovers of cinema . For me , this is a desert island DVD along with `` Cries and Whispers , '' `` Brief Encounter '' and `` Nights of Cabiria '' all of which just happen to be part of the Criterion Collection .
 This adaptation of the famous fairytale is a wonderful French classic that no well rounded movie collection should be without.Considering the age of the film the special effects are remarkably good ; and the overall design and atmosphere of the film capture the spirit of the original story perfectly.Since the film was made for children as well as adults , the dialogue is very clear and simple , making it a wonderful choice for beginning French students as well as non French speakers.I had my younger sister watch it with me -LRB- she is 14 years old -RRB- and she told me that she likes it much better than the Disney version which is high praise indeed !
 I first saw this as a college student in 1949 and still find it magical . ItStays on my top 20 list -LRB- top ten is an impossible choice from 80 yearsas a film fan -RRB- . This copy is for my 11-year-old granddaughter .
 Which do you think is more important
 Long before Disney ever got their grubby paws on it , Jean Cocteau made the ultimate adaptation of the classic French fairy tale `` The Beauty and the Beast . '' And it was ... well , magical . Cocteau 's direction turned this simple story into a dreamy haze of haunting images , lush sets and luminous beauty , from the beginning to the eerie end.The titiular beauty , Belle -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- , works like a dog for her ne'er - do-well brother Ludovic and her snotty sisters . When their father was going home through the forest , he stumbles across an enchanted castle ruled by a cruel Beast -LRB- Jean Marais -RRB- . When the father thoughtlessly plucks a single rose , the Beast gives him a choice -- he can die , or he can send one of his daughters.Of course , Bella goes straight to the castle , and finds herself in a new world of magic , mystery and enchantment . She also begins falling in love with the Beast , despite his leonine appearance . But when she returns home for a visit , her siblings and her nasty suitor Avenant begin plotting to kill the Beast and destroy the life Belle has been given.Floating candles , stone hands and faces that move , glittering jewels , magical mirrors , living statues , and a exquisitely sylvan palace filled with mist and light . This is a really haunting , beautiful movie that does n't spare any visual impact that it can make -- and that quality makes the entire film feel like a delirious dream that you never want to wake up from.Jean Cocteau 's direction really elevates this simple story into a piece of art , especially since he makes such careful use of light , which makes everything in the castle look luminous . And he inserts many striking scenes , such as Belle and the Beast 's wanderings in a sea of statues , and when he drinks water out of her hands , or when she sees him approaching from behind in a mirror.Day is really astounding as Belle -- she 's very sweet , kind of a doormat , and really seems like a girl who is too nice for her own good . Marais does a remarkably good job emoting with his eyes and voice , especially since the poor man could barely move his face -- when the camera zooms in on his eyes , you can see the smoldering emotions.Jean Cocteau 's exquisite `` Beauty and the Beast '' is a glimmering jewel in classic movies -- lusciously detailed , painfully lovely , and directed with great care . A must see for any cinephile .
 I was so happy , when I received my package , it was carefully bubble wrapped and in excellent condition . Thank you for such a quick delivery and great customer service
 The first third of La Belle et La Bete maY seem a little too long and a little too slow , but the film still has the power to cast its spell over an audience . At times , perhaps from a modern viewer 's perspective , you find yourself admiring the technique a little more than its soul , and Jean Marais ' performance as the Beast strangely pales compared to his two-faced suitor , but then he was never exactly a great actor . Yet the complexity that Cocteau manages to bring to the film is still surprising , with neither the brother nor suitor descending to the easy caricature of the two ugly sisters
 Sterling DVD release of a movie that only a heart of stone would dislike ; certainly a must-have for Cocteau admirers .
 Cocteau 's vision of Mme.LePrince de Beaumont 's wonderful story is a sight to behold and cherish.Wildly romantic , tender-hearted , filled with astounding `` special effects , '' ... this film will astonish you in it 's beauty . There are scenes in this film that will stay with you forever because of the incredible direction and cinematography.I can not praise this film enough.To be able to watch it on this restored DVD version now is a dream come true for all admirers of Cocteau.Buy this DVD.You will treasure it forever.The new DVD comes with a booklet that not only has a lot of information on the filming , and the director and actors , it also has the story itself , in English for anyone who has not read it yet .
 Leprince de Beaumont 's classic fairy tale BEAUTY AND THE BEAST is not just a Disney cartoon . In 1946 , Jean Cocteau directed a worldly-wise , shimmering , silvery-toned visual tone poem of the French romantic fantasy that delivers a surprisingly emotional climax.This dreamlike , sophisticated seduction stars Jean Maris as the Beast . He is astonishingly handsome , perhaps more so as beast than man.Make no mistake , this is not a kids ' film , but rather an adult entertainment of the highest artistry . The attention to the ornate sets and costumes are as precise as the cinematography , lighting and acting . Lose yourself in this extended figment of the mind 's eye and drift away on the ephemeral fantasy of a timeless fable of love and desire .
 From the moment the Beast steps onto the screen from behind the rose bushes of his enchanted castle , you know you are in for a very visual treat
 This is a visually stunning work of art . It 's like looking at the illustrations of a beautiful old Fairy Tale book . I dared not miss a single scene . I would truthfully consider this one of the best made movies of all time . Even with today 's technology no one has captured this dreamlike aura so stunningly photographed . This is definetly the best version of this classic fairy tale . Yes , it is in french with English subtitles , but it will not stop you from enjoying it . Buy it . You 'll want to see it over and over . Your kids will be enchanted !!!
 `` Criterion has ceased manufacturing our original edition of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST -LRB- spine # 6 -RRB- to make room for a new edition , scheduled for release later this year . The new BEAUTY AND THE BEAST will feature a new transfer , a new spine number , and additional new supplemental features . It will be preceded by a theatrical release of newly restored prints in the spring . It 's not technically going out of print , but the original edition will be replaced . '' - Jon Mulvaney / Criterion Co. .
 This is defintly one of the best films I 've ever seen . If you buy this you defintly will not regret it . It 's a truly beautiful film ! I 'd give it 20 stars if I could ! It 's a very romantic and tender film . I highly recommend this .
 This is an absolutely brilliant movie . There are wonderful effects , the finest example being the arms holding the candlesticks . Yes , the ending 's weird , but the movie is great . I should n't even mention the-shudder-Disney version in the same sentence as a gem like this . Jean Cocteau is a genius .
 The Criterion Collection has released its second DVD version of Cocteau 's masterpiece , this time featuring the extensive 1995 Luxembourg restoration done for French cinema 's centennial . The black-and-white film , mono , in French , comes in its original aspect ratio of 1:33.1 . The restoration -- detailed on the DVD -- removed most of the scratches and dropouts that plagued the original nitrate negative . While viewers will marvel at the quantum leap in video integrity and continuity , owners of the 1998 Criterion DVD may want to hang on to their discs . Missing in action from the 2003 version -- which appears a bit flat after all that scrubbing -- are the dramatic contrasts of the previous restoration , done in the United States . -LRB- The older DVD presentation bears major scratches throughout -- pick your poison . -RRB- Regardless , the new `` Beast '' DVD comes with significant upgrades over previous U.S. video versions . The notoriously bad audio loses almost all of its persistent scratchiness and lack of dynamics -- giving the `` Beast '' back his roar . The English subtitles benefit from much-needed care in translation and presentation.Another notable change is the resurrection of Cocteau 's original opening -- the live-action titles in which the stars ' names are hastily written on a blackboard and the director 's handwritten message to the audience.Modern-day composer Philip Glass ' `` Beauty and the Beast '' opera -- usually performed live as Cocteau 's movie plays as a silent film -- comes on an optional audio track , in Dolby Digital 5.1 . There 's an undeniable thrill in having `` Beast '' unspool as Glass ' hypnotic music swirls around the room , but the replacement of the original actors ' dialogue with opera singers ' wailing quickly wears thin . The opera comes with its own set of subtitles.The new DVD carries over the 1991 commentary by film historian Arthur Knight that appeared on the original Voyager laserdisc and on the 1998 DVD . The talk is informative , but one gets the feeling Knight would rather be talking about the director 's first film , the avant-garde `` Blood of a Poet '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- . Bringing a fresh second opinion to the disc is cultural historian Christopher Frayling , whose talk is as good as it gets in academic film commentary . -LRB- Sir Christopher 's track was recorded in 2001 for the British Film Institute . -RRB- Frayling greatly admirers Cocteau 's film but does n't hesitate to point out weaknesses . Unlike Knight , Frayling stays on topic , moving scene-to-scene with the film but never wasting time with the obvious .
 Beauty and the Beast has been my favorite fairy tale since childhood , and I have seen and read countless versions . This is the one which eclipses them all , and is as magical today on my fortieth viewing as it was twenty-odd years ago , on the first . If someone were to ask me which five films I could take with me to a desert island , this would be first on the list . In a world with too little magic , La Belle et la Bete contains all you will ever need .
 I first saw this poetic , fantasy film back in the ' 50 's , when I was about six or seven years old . In those days , Channel 13 , in New York , would run foreign classics . Cocteau 's Beauty And The Beast stood out in my memory , because of its haunting , surreal images . Of course , back then , I would n't know what the word `` surreal '' meant . All I knew was that the film was a hypnotic , yet beautiful , experience . About a dozen years passed , until I saw Cocteau 's work of art again , on a UHF presentation , emceed by film critic Charles Champlain . -LRB- I could somehow make out the images , through all the `` snow '' on the screen . -RRB- Up to that point , I wondered if what I saw , on that flickering TV screen , during my childhood , was in fact itself a dream . Later , when I was in charge of film activities at my college , I arranged for it to be shown there . So I was once again able to enter the magical world that Cocteau had created.This cinematic version of Perrault 's fairy tale is far from pretty . In fact , it 's downright scary in some scenes -- especially the ones in the Beast 's house . So it 's not something I 'd recommend for young kids . Nevertheless , if you 're a person who loves the mysterious beauty of shadowy B&W photography , and enjoys being transported into a Twilight Zone-ish world , where things are n't quite what they seem , this film is definitely for you . This version is for adults , or kids who are mature in their thinking -LRB- and can handle subtlety -RRB- . For others , who ca n't get to that level , and who are geared towards Star Wars effects , and third-grade quality movies , Disney -LRB- Ugh ! -RRB- will have to do.Criterion did a fantastic job in the restoration of the film . And the bonus features , including a superb commentary , make it a doubly worthwhile purchase . Plus , the subtitles are easy to read . So what are you waiting for ? Do n't waste any more time . Go get this DVD !
 In the very beginning of this movie , the film maker genius responsible for its creation tells us that he wants us to suspend disbelief . He wants us to forget about the ordinary rules of reality , to accept what we see as real , as would a young child . Basically , he 's telling us to fasten our seatbelts , because the movie is going to take off and never come back down.There are movies , and then there are movies . This is a movie buff 's movie , one for the ages . Why ? Well , for starters , it was a miracle that this movie was ever made at all . If you check out the story behind its creation , you 'll discover that because it was made right after World War IIa lot of the equipment used in it 's production was in terrible shape . There was barely enough money to finish the movie . And people kept on stealing things from the set . Yet ... this movie is perfect . The visuals literally will take your breath away . The acting will forever set the standard for any foreign film I will see in the future . And then there is ... The Special EffectsThis movie without a doubt has the best special effects of any movie ever made . What do I mean ? How about living furnature ? Not inpressed ? How about teleportation that ends in someone coming OUT of a wall ? How about someone GLIDING across a floor ? And let 's not forget tears that turn into diamonds . Yes , the first time I saw this movie , I kept rewinding it because the special effects were amazing.Good movies become dated , great ones never do . This movie becomes more amazing every time I see it . And the DVD edition is a definite must-have because the film has been cleaned up so much it looks practically brand new . This film just might have the best black and white photography of any movie ever made , and only the Criterion DVD does it justice .
 We always should give a second chance to a movie . Two years ago , I wanted to see THE BEAUTY AND THE BEAST late at night after a working day . 30 minutes later , I was ejecting the DVD and could swear that this film was only an antiquity reserved only to nostalgics ones . Now , a few days ago , tired of the standardized Disneythings , I decided to show it to my children and stay for a while in order to explain certain scenes to them.Believe me or not , they were literally hypnotized by the movie , rediscovering this fairy tale in a way unknown to them until then . I 'm sure that the shadows of this black and white film are more suggestive than all the special effects of the world . The strangeness of the fairy tale comes from simple tricks already discovered in the first years of Cinema
 The 1947 French Cocteau classic , `` La Belle Et La Bete '' -LRB- Beauty and the Beast -RRB- was revolutionary in its day and on this new DVD , we get all the scoop on the making of this film and the masterpiece of French cinema . There is commentary by cultural historians and film critics , insight from the director , cinematographer and the cast and even more impressive , the opera by Phillip Glass , which he modeled after this same film . The film stars Josette Day as Belle and a costumed and frightening Jean Marais as the Beast . This film was released when World War II still weighed on people 's shoulders . The French cinema was taking the film world by storm . It would be only one of many Cocteau films , though most assuredly his best work . The most impressive aspect of this film is its special effects and cinematography . Cocteau infused the film with surrealism and magic , enhanced by special effects which were new at the time , though tame and old-fashioned by today 's standards . Before the digital , computer-generated image , there was `` camera tricks '' . Cocteau was wise to make a film set to an enchanted fairy tale . He was able to make the bewitched castle seem alive . There is a prevailing eerie mood . Gargoyle , stone statuary , noctunal moods , voices , talking mirrors and doors , doors which open and close on their own and dimly lit candelabrum made the interior of the Beasts castle supremely Gothic and sensational.As far as the acting goes , the cast does a good job at deliviring a good performance eventhough they are portraying fantasy characters . Josette Day is a beautiful and noble heroine as Belle and the Beast , monstrous in looks but gentle of spirit and kind hearted in a more human way . The story is more true to the original concept of Beauty and the Beast . This is not to be mistaken with the Disney 1991 animated film . There is very little cuteness and charm in this one . It 's presented as a serious work of cinema . A must have for cinema students .
 Upon leaving the theater after viewing Cocteau 's `` Beauty and the Beast , '' Greta Garbo was reported to have said , `` Bring back my beautiful Beast ! '' Amen .
 As an average American who has no knowledge of film techniques or criticism and who is a little intimidated by foreign films I was a bit hesitant to watch this version of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST . After a few minutes of viewing I forgot the movie was in French -LRB- English subtitles -RRB- , forgot it was made over fifty years ago and forgot in was in black and white . The movie is absolutely stunning to look at . The actor 's portrayals are amazing . And the sets and `` special effects '' are miraculous for a movie filmed in the 1940 's . I admit I am a lover of fairy/folk tales and the story of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST is a particular favorite of mine . I urge all other lovers of `` once upon a time '' stories to watch this gem .
 I previously reviewed Jean Cocteau 's BEAUTY AND THE BEAST based on the earlier Criterion DVD , but I was just given the 2002 reissue as a gift , and I have to say that I am simply stunned at how good this disc is . It is so superior to the previous DVD that I heartily recommend anyone owning any earlier editions to sell what they have and get this new version.The film itself has been restored to pristine condition , in the best Criterion tradition . The original soundtrack has been cleaned up to the greatest extent possible , though it does not compare well to modern films . One of the unfortunate marks of English and continental filmmaking in the thirties and forties was the fact that their sound technology was several years behind what was being done in Hollywood , and it was only in the 1950s that they largely caught up . The sound in this film , therefore , does not compare to the best in Hollywood , though visually the film stands comparison with any period . The greatest thing about the audio tracks on this new DVD is the ease with which one can switch from the original soundtrack to the Philip Glass opera composed to accompanying the film to either of two commentaries.This DVD is so stuffed with goodies that one wonders how it all fits on a single DVD . You get documentaries , trailers of various sorts , the text of the tale the movie was based upon , the two aforementioned commentaries , and the magnificent Philip Glass opera . To be honest , the Philip Glass opera is so spectacular that it would have justified the purchase price of the disc . To have it included as a mere extra is extraordinary indeed.I have several Criterion discs , and all are enormously impressive , but I have to say that this may be my favorite disc that they have yet put out . We hear a great deal about piracy these days , but if the various media corporations would concentrate on quality products like this they would have less to complain about . I still think the price is a tad high , but I will say that the quality of the disc at least makes one feel that their asking price is justified.A favorite moment
 Beauty and the Beast is a magical , sublime film with universal themes of love , desire , fear and agony . Jean Cocteau created a magical film full of surreal environments . The characters are wonderful and the relationship between Belle and the Beast is glourious to look at . When you enter the Beast castle is like you are entering a wonderful dream . The special effects of the film are amazingly done and are even more spectacular when you consider that there were no computers at that time.The transformation of the Beast into the prince is magical but also dissapointing . The beast shows more human emotions that any of the human characters in the film which are selfish , greedy and spoiled -LRB- with the exception of Belle -RRB- . With this transformation , we ca n't help but wonder if just the outside change or the inside too . We are like Belle thrilled to see the Beast as human but also a little bit dissapointed that the magic is gone.Cocteau created a wonderful masterpiece which themes still resounds today and the story still fills us with joy and magic.Video & AudioCriterion has done a great job with this film . Due to its age and inherent limitations there are some signs of softness , damage and transition issues . Still , the picture has never look better with corrected color , sharp contrast and great detail . This is easily the best presentation of the film.The uncompressed monoaural soundtrack is superb with added clarity and no damage . Even more impressive is the Philio Glass Opera score now remixed in 5.1 DTS-HD MA which sound absolutely terrific.Bonus Features : You have plenty of bonus material on this disc . First you have two great audio commentaries , one by Arthur Knight and the other by Sir Christopher Frayling . They discuss the making of the film , its legacy and importance in film history . Then you have a making-of documentary `` Screening at the Majestic '' which taks about how the film was made . Then you have an interview with the film 's cinematographer Henri Alekan and also a 1964 interview with the film 's make up artist Hagop Arakelian . You also have a restoration demonstration , a theatrical trailer , a restoration trailer and a gallery.A booklet is also included with essays by film scholars , Cocteau himself and Philip Glass.Closing ThoughtsBeauty and the Beast is a classic that is still full of mistery and magic . This set features great video , superb audio and plenty of bonus features to enjoy which is why it comes Highly Recommended !!
 I bought this DVD because I had n't seen the film but on knowing Criterion 's feeling about releasing important works . I was n't disappointed.I would like to think that I know a little of films or at least I can tell from the beginning if I 'm going to be watching a good film . I know my credability will be going out the window but as soon as I started to watch `` Shakespeare In Love '' I knew I was watching a movie that I would enjoy and I felt the sam with `` Beauty and the Beast `` From the very beginning of the film when the two `` pretty '' daughters come out into the farmyard to raise the men from their naps I thought that this film was going to be good.Having read about the difficulties of getting this film made , the trouble was well worth it because the film is beautifully made.I had to rediscover the story of `` Beauty and the Beast '' and Jean Cocteau manages to take the basic story and turn it into a magical tale . The acting is wonderful , the makeup and costume of the beast is a sight to behold ! And the camera trickery involved to make Beauty appear to come out of a wall is amazing for it 's time in my opinion.One of the most remarkable sights is of the interior of the Beast 's castle . The candelabras are held by human hands and as aperson walks past they suddenly flare into light . The statues come alive and blow smoke across the room . All in all it 's a very impressive sight and one that creates the illusion of a magical castle.My only gripe about the film is once the beast transforms into a man the story ends quickly . I would have preffered to see a little of what happened to the daughter or thier reactions . The film ended a little too quickly for my liking.The Dvd comes with a few extras which I admit to not having watched yet . The bonus material covering the cleaning of the film was very interesting . You see some of the scenes from the original and how they 've been restored , it is amazing what can be done these days.If you are a fan of classic movies then this is another great film to add to your collection .
 About one half hour into Jean Cocteau 's La Belle et la Bete -LRB- Beauty and the Beast -RRB- , the Beast -LRB- King Kong by way of Gustave Dore -RRB- reassures his captive Belle -LRB- Josette Day -RRB- that `` there is no master here but you . '' It strikes us as a strange bit of logic , given that she was forced to come to this place and does not stay of her own will . The Beast wishes only to meet every evening at seven , if only to gaze upon her as she eats . It 's not as overtly kinky as watching her put on nylons or some other traditional fetish , but it works for the Beast so I wo n't judge.At one point later in the film , Belle allows the Beast to drink from her hands . `` It does n't repulse you ? '' the Beast asks . `` No , Beast , I like it , '' and we imagine so does he . She later comforts him by running a hand through his fur . `` You stroke me as one does an animal . '' Belle does not understand . `` But you are an animal . '' It 's so easy to forget sometimes , and the Beast has Belle to remind him . When he awakens her in the middle of the night , disheveled and stinking of deer blood , he can barely look at her . `` Forgive me ... for being a beast '' he says with embarrassment . Belle is enraged . `` These words are not worthy of you . Are n't you ashamed ? '' It 's as though she caught him masturbating to the Victoria 's Secret catalog . She tosses a shawl in his direction . `` Go clean yourself up and go to bed . `` Then the Beast puts on a leather mask with a zipper where the mouth should be and Belle makes him lick the pointy heel of her 9-inch stiletto boot.Okay , that last part did n't happen . It 's not that kind of movie ... or is it ? Not on the face of it , perhaps , but sexual and overtly Freudian undertones float throughout La Belle et la Bete as icebergs in an ocean , occasionally protruding the surface like , well , protuberances . At heart , what we have is a love story between a beautiful woman and a monstrous part-lion , part-man creature . Belle , the Cinderella-esque sibling of two spoiled sisters , becomes hostage to the Beast after her father unwittingly steals a rose from him . It does n't make much sense , and it 's not supposed to
 If there 's one film that exemplifies the true essence of a fairy tale , Jean Cocteau 's 1946 masterpiece , BEAUTY AND THE BEAST , is that film . The concept of `` Beauty and the Beast '' is as old as fiction , and while the story 's ancient origins are unknown , Cocteau 's film is more or less a faithful adaptation of its most popular , 18th century incarnation.Although the cutesy Disney animated feature is more famous , this French cinematic classic easily surpasses that version in , well , everything . By utilizing his unique visionary skill , Cocteau creates a hauntingly romantic , magical world that gives the effect of being awake in a dream . This is achieved through Henri Alekan 's atmospheric photography , Christian Berard 's ornate production design , Marcel Escoffier and Antonio Castillo 's sumptuous , period costumes , and Georges Auric 's magnificent music score . Jean Marais -LRB- in a great make-up job -RRB- and lovely Josette Day give poetic performances in the lead roles , with Marais also playing Beauty 's handsome but greedy lover . Everything is weaved together by Cocteau 's imaginative genius.The latest Blu-ray of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST from Criterion does ample justice to this exqusite film , restoring its beauty to the fullest degree . There 's lots of enjoyable extras by way of two commentaries , a making of documentary , an interview with cinematographer Henri Alekan , a featurette on the film 's restoration , the original trailer , and a plethora of production stills . There 's also an alternate Philip Glass opera audio track which I frankly have no use for . I 'm perfectly happy with the soundtrack that belongs with the film , thank you.I heartily give this excellent edition my highest recommendation .
 This is one of ten of my reviews where I analyze different versions of Beauty and the Beast . See the first review of this series - Beauty and the Beast by Unknown - which discusses this genre and outlines the purpose of the fable . This 1945 French film with English subtitles is considered a classic . It was done just after World War II . It is supposedly based on the de Beaumont version of the tale , but is markedly different . This one has additional characters , a different ending , and focuses on desire , enchantment , and death . It also has lots of humor . The 93 minute black and white DVD is accompanied by discussions about the tale . Two main characters , not in the de Beaumont version , are Beauty 's brother and a suitor , a friend of her brother . Much time is also spent on various kinds of magical happenings at Beast 's castle , such as disembodied hands holding candles and serving food , and talking doors.As in the de Beaumont account , when Beauty returns late , after visiting her parents , she finds Beast lying on the ground almost dead from grief . Beauty 's brother and her suitor , sneak into Beast 's castle to steal his treasure . When the suitor enters the vault , and this may be the crucial point of this version , a statute of Cupid shoots him with an arrow . He falls dead and is transformed into the Beast . At the same moment , the Beast turns into a prince , and this prince is Beauty 's former suitor . How should we interpret this ending?It is possible that this story is an allegory of the difficulties faced by young girls . The Beast and the suitor is the same person . Beauty , a virgin , is courted by a handsome man but is afraid of what will happen in her marriage and refuses to accept him . She sees him as a beast . However , after seeing how well he treats her , she -LRB- not he -RRB- is struck by Cupid 's arrow , sees him now for what he really is , and agrees to live happily ever after with him .
 For many people the days , the mention of `` Beauty and the Beast '' is something animated by Disney or a TV series from the 1990 's but the story of `` Beauty and the Beast '' was born as a fairy tale back in the 1740 's by Madame Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve and then revised in 1757 by French novelist Jeanne Marie Le Prince de Beaumont.But in 1946 , director Jean Cocteau -LRB- `` The Testament of Orpheus '' , `` Orpheus '' , `` Kes Enfants Terribles '' -RRB- would take the popular story and adapt it into a live action film known as `` La belle et la bete '' -LRB- Beauty and the Beast -RRB- featuring cinematography by Henri Alekan and music by Georges Auric.VIDEO & AUDIO : It 's important to note that `` Beauty and the Beast '' was among the first DVD 's released by the Criterion Collection back in 1998 . Around 2003 , several of their earlier titles received a re-release including a high-definition digital transfer and more special features.For `` Beauty and the Beast '' , with the celebration of 100 years in French Cinema , the Centre National de l'audiovisuel of Luxembourg in association with the CLT-UFA International began their restoration on `` Beauty and the Beast '' . The restoration began with the original nitrate negative which suffered from age-related deterioration . The negative was cleaned and many of its sprocket holes repaired , so the negative would roll evenly through the gate at 24 frames per second . A wet-gate process was then used to fill in the scratches and removal of any fine dust . The restorers then made fine-grain positive elements that became the main source for the new restoration negative . `` Beauty and the Beast '' is presented in 1:33:1 and the new digital transfer was created from the 35mm restoration duplicate negative on a high-definition Spirit Datacine . The MTI Digital Restoration System removed thousands of instances of dirt , debris and scratches.The picture quality of `` Beauty and the Beast '' looks very good for a film that is over 60-years-old . Blacks are nice and deep and grays and white also look great . Granted , it 's not a pristine transfer as their is dust and scratches that can be seen but for the most part , the restoration makes it much better looking than any previous release of the film . But most important about the film was its technical creativity . From its surreal and fantasy look , especially the use of slow motion , `` Beauty and the Beast '' manages to create the magical/fantasy world.As for the audio , the audio is monaural and was created from an optical soundtrack print and restored at 24-bit using digital audio tools to reduce ticks , pops , hiss and other distortions . Audio is Dolby Digital 1.0 but I preferred to hear the track coming on all channels via a selection on my home theater receiver for a more pronounced soundscape for the film 's audio.Subtitles are in English.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Beauty and the Beast - THE CRITERION COLLECTION # 6 ' comes with the following special features : * Philip Glass Opera - Featuring a text introduction by Philip Glass , the viewer can also watch the entire film via an operatic version . Philip Glass is known for taking cinema and then building music and the actual words from the film which are sung via opera . * Arthur Knight Commentary - Featuring the original 1991 audio commentary -LRB- from the Beauty and the Beast Criterion Collection LD -RRB- by film historian Arthur Knight . Knight talks about Cocteau , the difference between the screenplay and the fable , Cocteau 's production diary and the use of slow motion in the film , the first screening and more . * Sir Christopher Frayling Commentary - A second audio commentary featuring writer/cultural historian Sir Christopher Frayling recorded for the British Film Institute in 2001 . Frayling goes into furth depth about the era , Cocteau vs. Disney , the pacing of the film and more . * Screening at the Majestic - -LRB- 26:48 -RRB- A featurette about the making of `` Beauty and the Beast '' including interviews with director Henri Alekan , actress Mila Parely and actor Jean Marais . Also , revisiting the location of where the film was shot . * Interview with Henri Alekan - -LRB- 9:14 -RRB- An interview with Director Henri Alekan to coincide with the restoration of `` Beauty and the Beast '' in 1995 . * Secrets Professionnels
 I can only agree with everyone that give this film five stars and then rave about it . It is unquestionably one of the most beautiful ideas ever committed to film . Almost nothing , in my mind , will ever come close . But now a question for the good folks at Amazon
 This movie is pure magic , in the best sense of the word and one never tires of seeing it , as it is always fresh in its own space and time . I have seen it since childhood , at least 10 times , and there was not one time I did not enjoy it as much as if it were the first . This unique quality has guaranteed it a cult status amongst film aficionados.From the point that Belle 's father is lost in a storm and finds his way to the Beast 's chateau , the movie takes off into a magic realm , where trees part to let guests through -LRB- as they do for the Prince Charming in Sleeping Beauty -RRB- and a hallway can be lit by magical hands holding candlesticks that never go off no matter how windy . Other magical hands can assist while eating at a beautiful dining table while mantlepiece statues become animated and look on mysteriously.Belle 's father has ventured there on his way back from a business trip and Belle had asked him to bring back a rose . Her mean and envious , snobby sisters have asked for more exotic presents , as they resemble Cinderella 's sisters in their meanness to Belle , but in a way are also closely related to Moliere 's `` Precieuses Ridicules '
 I debated buying this because of the price , but decided to treat myself . It arrived in fantastic condition and with all the extras some other reviewers mention . I 've watched it several times now , also with & without the commentary . It 's a very well made , beautiful movie . Honestly , I had a rather difficult time -LRB- esp when I first watched it -RRB- listening to such an ugly beast speaking beautiful French . -LRB- It hasEnglish sub-titles -RRB- . It does n't strike me quite so odd anymore.It 's a rather fast paced movie , especially re
 I just watched my old VHS copy and ordered this immediately . I was amazed at how touched and emotional I became when watching this film which I have seen dozens of times . It works on so many levels and deepens with each viewing.The photography is so beautiful that each frame could be literally framed and hung on a wall . My favorite scenes are Belle 's tears turning to diamonds ; her necklace turning into rope when she gives it to her sister , the disembodied candelabras and her turning into a princess as Le Bete carries her over the threshold of her room . The list is endless.If you have n't seen this film , just buy it on the recommends . As someone wrote before me , if you do n't love this film , check to see if you have a pulse .
 This movie is beautiful from beginning to the end . By far one of my favourite movies of all time . The effects are superb . The costume , especially the Beast 's are breathtaking . The sets and design of the movie are second to none . A true classic Movie Masterpiece !
 It has the most horrible action senses ever made . The corniest plot ever . The worst acting ever , yet why is it so funny ? Look at all the reasons above . The American gov. bring a gymnastics athelete to help `` preserve '' the gov. or something else which is stupid ; then it has him use gymnstics on all the `` bad '' guys -LRB- they also were `` bad '' at acting -RRB- . They had 3different sound effects for the whole movie . However , if you seriously want to laugh watch Gymkata ... for best viewing bring the most sarcastic person you know to watch it with you because he/she will bring up great points . At the end once he 's won -LRB- ofcourse -RRB- , the movie producers have some writing on a still frame and then it made me wonder if that is what the movie was about . To some it all up , Funny , Strange , Stupid , FUNNY !
 If , like me , you were a fan of the American martial arts movies of the80s and early 90s , this is essential viewing . Gymkata is truly a cultshow . Sure , it 's easy to dismiss this as cheesy crap but that 's missingthe point - the cheesiness of these films was part of the wholeattraction . The action unfolds somewhere in Eastern Europe wherechampion gymnast Jonathon Cabot undergoes intense martial arts trainingand is entered into the mysterious '' Game '' , a dangerous quest whereindividuals must complete a tricky journey through woodlands andvillages whilst evading attack by killer ninjas and of course , eachother ! The last man standing will win The Game . Suffice it to say thereare some great scenes in this cult classic especially the part in the `` Village of Crazies '' and the fight scenes are fantastic . If you likethis sort of thing , `` Gymkata '' comes highly recommended . It can bedifficult to obtain ; i tracked down a copy on VHS - do n't know if itever came out on DVD - but it 's well worth the hunt . Superb stuff !!
 Not since `` No Retreat No Surrender '' has a movie touched my heart as much as `` Gymkata . '' I believe this movie was up for several Academy Awards , but was snubbed unfortunately -LRB- much like Bio-Dome , starring Pauly Shore . -RRB- Our hero , Jonathan Cabot must play `` a most terrible game '' in Parmistan , at the bequest of The Khan , in order to establish a US presence there . You see the winner of this `` game '' will be allowed a request by the Khan -LRB- who resembles Mel Brooks -RRB- . This `` game '' is filled with masked horseman who shoot arrows at the participants . There are ropes to climb , dogs to avoid , and the the terrifying `` village of the crazies '' to avert . Fortunately , pommel horses and parallel bars abound in Parmistan . They are a cultural phenomenon of the proud Parmistanian people . Jonathon uses his gymnastic/martial art skills to avert the crazies , as well as the `` two-faced man . '' The Khan , much like most Parmistanians , has a hard-shell exterior , but is actually a real nice guy . `` Yakmala ! '' , he often says proudly . This is the word that unites the people of Parmistan . -LRB- I do not speak Parmistanian , but I think it means `` we are one . '' -RRB- I do n't want to ruin this movie . It is a must-see . I am actually planning a trip to Parmistan , as a sort of Gymkata Pilgrimmage . This is how much this movie means to me . I have been waiting for Gymkata II for several years . I wonder why it has not come out yet ? What happened ? Yakamala !
 GYMKATA starring gymnast Kurt is not the best action-adventure film , and Kurt Thomas is n't the greatest actor in the world , but the last half hour of the film is worth its weight in gold . A small third world nation , Parmistan , teetering on the edge of going towards communism , stages an athletic contest to see which country would best represent their presence there . Kurt Thomas as Jonathan Cabot is chosen to represent the U.S. in the contest . It is a deadly obstacle course in which in which the natural elements as well as human intervention are the obstacles . Kurt Thomas ' athletic gymnastic abilities are the highpoint of the film in which gymnastics and martial arts are fused together as a form of self defense ... hence the name `` gymkata '' . The style is reminiscent of comic book super hero fighting and Kurt Thomas pulls it off convincingly . The film is a little slow in te beginning trying to establish the characters , the situation in Parmistan , as well as a tiny romance between the Jonathan Cabot -LRB- Thomas -RRB- and Princess Rubali -LRB- Tetchie Agbayani -RRB- . However , the meat of the film is when the deadly contest/obstacle course starts . The climax and best part of the film is at the end of the obstacle course athletes must go through a strange village filled with violent , psychopathic peasants bent on killing any stranger who comes through the village . They swarm towards their prey like zombies with pitchforks , hatchets , and other farm handtools . This is when Kurt Thomas turns on his gymkata fighting skills and it is a very tense and exciting piece of film making . Overall , an entertaining film made at the time when martial arts films were at a decline .
 This movie had rich characters , both good and evil and the casting was great . So was the locations and the extras were quite humerous themselves . There was pretty real dialogue and visual effects . Kurt Thomas was great and he is my role model . Hats off to the director who made this movie and he should make a sequel .
 This is the greatest Martial Arts/Gymnastics Adventure Film ever filmed . Unforgettable characters such as The Great Khan , Princess Ribani , Thorg and the crafty Gomez truly make this action-packed thriller a timeless classic.Please , please watch this movie . You 'll never forget it .
 Gosh ! Gymkata has filled a deep void in my life . I found I needed more excitement , insanity , and of course , gymnastics in my life . Luckily , GYMKATA provides all three!You must see this movie . It is the greatest thing since Vanilla Ice .
 Extremely reminiscent of cold war sleepers like `` Gorky Park '' and `` Reds '' , Gymkata is one of the most carefully scripted and brooding commentaries on American foreign policy during the Reagan years . The film is more like a documentary than a work of fiction in its deep attention to historical accuracies and avoidance of hyperbole.Robert Clouse 's directorial adaption of Dan Tyler Moore 's Pulitzer-shortlisted novel manages to capture timbre of the times and the voice of the decade in a script of intricate complexity . Kurt Thomas 's portrayal of the hero across from Tetchie Agbayani 's heroine is one of the most dynamic and surprising chemistries since Bogart and Bergman 's 43 years before.However , where `` Casablanca '' fell far short of documenting the spirit -LRB- and fears -RRB- of the times on a granular level , Gymkata and its cast is unafraid to take this plunge.In characterizations deeply respectful , and yet photo-accurate , regarding world cultures and global motifs , Gymkata manages spell the poly-sided views of complex conflicts that occurred during the final grey gasps of the Cold War.Amazingly Gymkata manages a foreshadowing the rise of the Neo-Cons some 20 years later in its depictions of the United States use of aggression in strategically important hotspot regions -- and as well -- the film is able to show that the nationalistic concerns of the competing sovreignties -LRB- both ally & foe -RRB- remain unchanged despite which decade these events play themselves out in.A timeless film , Gymkata should be a core film study in every graduate level political science class .
 YAKMALA ! And with that one echoing word we 're off and running through the streets of crazy town -LRB- complete with the palma horse at it 's center -RRB- in the non-stop action fest that is Gymkata!This film has it all ... Ninjas!Terrorists!Barbarians!Boat chases!Pre - chalked surfaces for our hero to spin around on!Bad acting!A dead pig!A cackling old lady!Punches!Kicks!A subtle plotline about the development and installation of an important American satellite -LRB- that is so subtle it needs to be addressed in a caption at the closing seconds of the movie -RRB- ! Flips!Death sports!Cliff - diving!The answer to the age old question
 When I was growing up , it seemed like every other movie on cable television was either called Iron Eagle or Gymkata . I had no use for Iron Eagle . Sorry . Gymkata , however , was a altogether different story . I must have seen this movie a few hundred times between grades 10-12 -- generally at three in the morning , stumbling in , stumbling out -- less of a choice , more of a compromise . As if the pay channels did n't milk the Gymkata cash cow dry , local stations decided to make it their duty to keep it in heavy rotation on a weekly basis . The only movie that came close in its domination of b-string broadcasting was the 1972 classic , Gargoyles . But I digress . Gymkata is about a martial artist -LRB- Kurt Thomas -RRB- who loses his military papa -LRB- Eric Lawson -RRB- . He goes to a small fictional nation that encompasses every clich ? relating to villains from the 1980 's . There 's intrigue , a great feast , and more intrigue . There 's an exotic princess who , to this day , still looks pretty good . The best part of the movie is the game of death -- mostly because there is n't a great deal of dialog . As other reviews have mentioned , the asylum/village has some classic moments -LRB- the cackling woman comes to mind -RRB- . Long story short , an olympic wannabe offers up a textbook example of why his acting career went nowhere . Of course , who am I to judge ? I have yet to make a single movie about ninjas or good cops gone bad.One last question
 Kurt Thomas as a gymnast turned lethal martial artist ? Only in Hollywood ! The idea only works if every time Thomas gets into a fight there just happens to be a piece of gymnastic equipment nearby -LRB- parallel bars , pommel horse , etc. -RRB- and of course the bad guys attack one at a time , but I guess that 's just a martial arts movie tradition . The acting is brutal , the plot could 've been thought up by a ten year-old , and there 's a village of insane killers . Put it all together and it all adds up to a hilarious movie .
 It has the most horrible action senses ever made . The corniest plot ever . The worst acting ever , yet why is it so funny ? Look at all the reasons above . The American gov. bring a gymnastics athelete to help `` preserve '' the gov. or something else which is stupid ; then it has him use gymnstics on all the `` bad '' guys -LRB- they also were `` bad '' at acting -RRB- . They had 3different sound effects for the whole movie . However , if you seriously want to laugh watch Gymkata ... for best viewing bring the most sarcastic person you know to watch it with you because he/she will bring up great points . At the end once he 's won -LRB- ofcourse -RRB- , the movie producers have some writing on a still frame and then it made me wonder if that is what the movie was about . To some it all up , Funny , Strange , Stupid , FUNNY !
 Based on the 1957 novel , The Terrible Game , the filmmakers ' first misstep was changing the title to Gymkata . -LRB- We would have opted for a more modest adjustment , and called it simply , The Terrible Movie . -RRB- The Terrible Game is actually The Most Dangerous Game , as designed by the President 's Council on Physical Fitness . It requires the player to run around and climb a rope , and we 're told that only a select few people in the world can meet this grueling challenge
 i remember watching this movie as a young lad on HBO quite a bit . As i grew older , i forgot about it . then , one day , i saw they were releasing it on DVD and i knew i had to have it . My friend and I fondly remember this movie for one reason
 To be free again , lithe , weightless , tumbling through the air , soaring merely upon the self-consciously constructed beauty of my own self-confidence . These were dreams for me , in my youth , in my salad days . Alas , those dreams were not to be . Blessed not with the gracefullness and joy of male gymnastics , behooven to those hoofy thugs who would describe themselves as physical educators , I suffered mightly , shamed at basketball , confined to cleaning up the floor at the spittle and sweat of those much more athletically inclined . I champed at the bit of my inequity , knowing revenge would someday be mine . Then , I saw this beautiful movie . And I was inspired . Nay ! I was uplifted ! I knew then the name that I had always wanted to know , but had not spoken , for it was not in my consciousness just yet . I knew
 There are two things that make this movie a must see
 I saw this movie when I was younger and for some odd reason it poped in my head just recently and I had to see it again ... lol . low budget movie but I enjoyed it ... lol . The Movie was received very quick
 So bad I love it . Richard Norton shines in the villian role and holy cow John Barret in a small role .
 I was going to wax poetic with an exhaustively-detailed written summary of my thoughts on this cinematic gem , but this guy did it so much better :[ ... -RSB-
 KTXU Channel 20 in Houston Used to normally shows this movie like every night when I was growing up . Watching it for the 1st time in a long while just brought up memories of why I wanted to be in Gymnastic . All the Flips and Upper Body strength goodness . This Movie possessed all that and above . To me , This is a Cult Classic film that isnt that bad to watch . Kind of Had the same Music Score as `` Enter The Dragon '' and The Bad Ninja Guy form `` American Ninja '' but , all the reasons why it was a good film . Again , Amazon has helped me relive my childhood and Now Gymkata is in my Movie collection forever . My favorite scene in the movie was the Fight scene @ the Town of Crazies . Awesome film ...
 I 've always loved this movie ever since I was a little kid . I was always excited to watch this because it has it all ! Always love movies about a game of death and the challenges . I had to buy this movie as soon as I heard its out on DVD . Worth a watch for the adventurous fan !
 i enjoyed watching the movie . it was like a blast in the past . the movies i have received from Amazon have been on point , and I look forward to doing more business with them
 This has got to be one of the best examples of a movie that should never have been made , but it serves as comedy to those of us who savor truly bad movies . One has to wonder why someone did n't yell stop at some point . But there are a few gems like this that were serious attempts at the time they were made , but are now hilarious to view . Others include `` Billy Jack '' in the social commentary role , `` Lifeforce '' in science fiction -LRB- how about that Patrick Stewart character ? -RRB- , `` Rocky '' volume 1 through 99 in the category of `` if you believe in yourself enough ... '' , and so on . I understand `` Ishtar '' is really bad , maybe I can pick it up for a couple of dollars
 A must have for any martial arts fan . The idea of mixing martial arts and gymnastics is great . While the movie is a bit old , it 's still very enjoyable to watch . A bit pricy to buy , but well worth it .
 Like the best classics in the genre , better than `` Die Hard '' or the poor `` Terminator '' , this film really shows how action movies should be made . Pay attention to the `` village of crazies '' scene , the most rewarding part of this masterpiece . It could have 5 stars , but it is too short . I ca n't wait for the second part . Hey Hollywood , you are missing a gold mine here ! 70 dolars is a real bang for the buck for this excelent video . I only wish some day they will release it in DVD , that would make shine my player ! Like a '68 Mustang , this is a classic everybody wants to own ! Robert Clouse is the Picasso of movie directors ! Enough said , buy this movie -LRB- I own three copies , including a japanese edition -RRB- .
 Gymkata / B00005JP3REveryone I 've ever shown `` Gymkata '' has loved it - but make no mistake
 This has to be one of the worst movies ever . In fact it is so bad that I love it . The acting is terrible , along with the story line.A must own .
 Kurt Thomas is at his best in this Oscar-worthy performance . Pestered by the annoying and sometimes mute princess of Parmistan , Kurt begins a training regimen that would make Arnold Schwarzenegger cower in fear . Walking up stairs on his hands , doing backflips , and holding mock conversations with himself prepares Kurt for the horrors of the Parmistan contryside during `` The Game . `` Not even a little anti-American sentiment that 's been running around can deter Kurt from his goal of securing the strategically important S.D.I. -LRB- Star Wars -RRB- site for the U.S. Government . The `` grand tradition '' of the game , which has been played for hundreds of years , involves the dramatic practice of simply dropping a rope . Let The Game begin!The ability to climb ropes , evade Parmistanian forces , and slay 87 year old female zombies is essential to success in The Game . The movie contains the heart wrenching reunion of Kurt with his long lost father ... who is subsequently speared with an arrow while attempting to catch up on old times with Kurt . Fortunately , Kurt is able to overcome this horrific event , and make a triumphant return to the castle alongside the princess . Kurt is even nice enough to allow his father to ride horseback , with said arrow still firmly lodged in his back.Truly , this movie was ahead of its time . Kurt 's performance was so magical , he decided to end his Hollywood career after this film . Once you 've reached the mountaintop , there really is nowhere to go but down , I guess.Yakmala !!!!
 I know there have been a ton of gymnastics/karate movies made in the last 25 years , but the buck stops here . Gymkata is the reason Edison created the motion picture camera . The director Robert Clouse has created Profound storytelling on an epic scope.From the opening credits Jonathan is whisked away to an enchanted land of evil , danger and incredible beauty . imitation is the highest form of flattery , too true . Mel Gibson recently tried to recreate the action , excitement , and drama of Gymkata 's `` Game of Death '' with his own film Apacolypto . Nice try Mel . The Game Of Death concept featured in Gymkata , is by far the best example of mans effort to out run the demons of his life , whether they be external , or internal . not even the glorious countryside locations of passolini 's Gospel According to ST. Mathew can compare to the portrayl of one of the worlds most diverse , bountaful , and gorgeous country-lands Parmastan . A first class trip to Parmastan ? yes pleaseSome say that Francis Ford Copala 's Appocolypse Now is the ultimate film example of mans quest in to the darkest regions of the human soul . For my money , its Gymkatas twisted journey into `` the village of the damned '' with its oh so realistic action , and stunning use of slow motion The village of the Damned is one of the most breath taking , horrofying , astonishing sequences in film history . How Jonathan makes it out with his mind , body , and soul intact is beyond me.Bogart and Becall , Astaire and Rogers , Pitt and Jolie , what do these on screen couple have in common ? they are ice cold next to the red hot on screen romance of Jonathan , and Princess Rubali . love at first sight is an understatement , when these to fated lovers first meet eyes the silver screen is leteraly set on fire with the pure energy of untamed attraction.There is too much Raw Cinema Power involved in Gymkata to squeez into a single foulable review . You will just have to trust me . However , I will leave you with this last thought
 I loved this movie in the 80s and was pleasantly surprised to find it in widescreen on DVD , what a treat ! It 's got a compelling story and a great cast . I will be glad to watch it again and again . Kurt Thomas is amazing , it 's too bad he did n't make more films like this .
 Contestants vie in a `` game '' with little or no rules , where masked men on the sidelines can kill you without provocation . As games go , it really is n't much of a challenge
 Okay , I have never written a review on Amazon before , but I could not resist when it came to Gymkata . Let me start out by saying that I am a big fan of 80s movies . Gymkata is no exception , either . I saw this movie when I was 12 , I think . We were all gymnasts back then , and there was this crazy move from Gymkata that we kept trying to do -LRB- when he is talking with the Princess , and playing the role of both parties -RRB- . This movie had everything in it ; love story , drama , suspense , comedy , thriller , and then some . I absolutely love this movie for the sheer cheesyness of it all . The princess is supposed to be Kurt Thomas ' trainer , but never really teaches him anything , except an inferred , `` Do n't trust anyone . '' If you look closely , you 'll see some recycled scenery . And I love when he 's running through the town trying not to get shot ; mind you , he decides to run in a RED sweater . Yes , he might as well have painted a big bulls eye on himself . And how his hands magically have chalk on them , and how poles are conveniently placed between buildings during chase . This is classic stuff . The story line talks about how all the nations of the world are training their fighters for the `` Game , '' yet , only about 6 fighters show up . Do n't get me wrong , I absolutely love this movie , because it is sooooo cheesy and fun to watch . The sound effects are the same for every move during hand to hand combat . Plus , you will get a kick out of watching Kurt Thomas in the town of the crazies . My recommendation is that you purchase this oh so awesome film . It 's one of a kind . Cheers ! - JC
 Mind-numbing fight scene coordination . Explosive action . Breathtaking locations . Intriguing story . Oscar worthy performances . What more could you ask for ? Do yourself a favor and own this movie today . You 've got to see to believe it . Yahk-Mallah ! BTW , the famous `` voice-of-the-action-movie-preview '' guy delivers one of his most memorable performances that can be viewed/heard in the original theatrical trailer exclusively on this disc ! `` His only weapon ? Himself . And that 's all he needs ... '' Classic !
 Kurt Thomas , Olympic gymnast , stars in an action packed thrill ride that all must see to believe . Kurt Thomas battles black-hooded evil-doers in a barbaric bloodsport . The film comes to a climax in the village of the insane , where oddly enough , one finds a stone pommel horse in the town square . In a dramatic scene , he fends off the insane villagers with the now-famous Thomas twist on the pommel horse . In a satisfying ending , Kurt wins the princess and secures important land rights for the United States government . For $ 68 , what a bargain ! Order it now !
 This could very well be one of the best movies ever made . I have grown up with it and think that it has probably made me a better person . In all seriousness though , I truly do enjoy this movie and find it very entertaining . It has an amazing plot that truly grips the viewer . This movie must not be overlooked by anyone who truly enjoys a well-made movie . Me and my friends like this movie so much that we had the poster hanging in our dorm room and know every word of the movie . This is all that I can say to support one of my favorite movies , and I hope you get a chance to watch it .
 Its not the best movie ever made . . but if you like bad movies ... those classic B movies then you will love this . .
 I remember this from when I was like 4 years old . I loved it then because of the martial arts and karate . It 's dated but it makes me nastalgic
 The movies was great . I really enjoyed the content as well as the speed that i recieved the merchandise thanks
 Ok , I admit this movie is campy and probably was low budget . However , it 's got action , romance , comedy , suspense and more . Is n't that how we should rate the star quality of a movie . ? I love it ... my husband does n't .
 Gymkata is based on the true story of one Kurt Thomas , ex-Olympian turned international martial arts spy . He beats up ninjas on a pommel horse . It 's pretty sick .
 Finally such an amazing movie appears on DVD ! It is no wonder Ingrid Bergman won the Academy Award for this film . She is spectacular as an abused wife , driven mad by her husband.The ONLY reason I gave it 4-stars is because you can get it cheaper somewhere else . The actual publisher 's list price is $ 14.99 and I 'm not entirely sure why Amazon offers it for almost $ 2 more . This is the same with the Masterpiece Edition Alice in Wonderland . Amazon lists the price as $ 29.99 , but in stores the list price is $ 24.99 . Curiouser and curiouser .
 It 's a marvelous film which should have been released on DVD long before this . Now Facets Multi-Media in Chicago says it will be released in that format on Feb. 3 , 2004 and is taking orders for it while Amazon is still asking us to vote if we want `` Gaslight '' on DVD sometime in the future . I 'm disappointed Amazon does n't seem aware it is to be released in the DVD format , because I would rather order from Amazon but will go with Facets if Amazon does n't come up with info about a DVD release of this film very soon . Apologies for using what was supposed to be a review to complain , but I could n't find any other spot on your web site on which to lodge my complaint .
 I remember a little bit about seeing this movie from 2 years ago.I think that Gaslight is a pretty good movie.I love Joseph Cotten who played in this movie , he 's one of my faovrite Actors.I bet that this movie won an Oscar .
 GOOD . LOVE MOVIE , LOVE ACTORS . GOOD INGRED BERGMAN . GOOD . GOOD . GOOD
 A smooth talking guy keeps trying to drive his wife crazy by tellingher stuff that makes her think she 's insane or something . It 's likeeverything he can do to confuse her makes him happy . He is trying toget the jewels . Maybe he is the one who is really out of his mind.There is an old song from the 60 's called GOING OUT OF MY HEAD OVERYOU . there 's also a song from the 60 's called SMOOTH TALKING GUY ormaybe SWEET TALKING GUY . Well , he is smooth but never sweet except topretend which is all part of his act . Then there 's a herro who savesher and the MURDER SHE WROTE lady is in it when she was young but notso beautiful even then . It was cool to see what the guy did to tryand drive his wife mad . But then he ends up getting mad in his ownway .
 If you 're a fan of classic movies , this is a must-see . In today 's visual world , this subtle psychological thriller brings back an era of great films and classic acting . Ingrid Bergman is convincing and so beautiful . Charles Boyer is at his haughty , sinister best . It 's a great story , and now I understand when I hear someone use the phrase , `` I feel like I 'm being Gaslighted . ''
 Charles Boyer is the handsome rogue and Ingrid is just so beautiful that you will want to see her in every second of this wonderful classic .
 George Cukor 's `` Gaslight '' is so wonderfully polished and compelling an entertainment that it 's hard to know where to begin with the praise . Of course Cukor 's direction is impeccable , as are the photography and production design . But the performances are really what make `` Gaslight '' unforgettable . Ingrid Bergman won the first of her two Oscars for `` Gaslight ; '' while to my taste she overdoes a couple of her hysterical scenes , she is still one of the most beautiful actresses who ever stood before a camera , and she could be fascinating just reading the phone book . My favorite performances in `` Gaslight '' are Charles Boyer , portraying one of the slimiest , most perfidious swine in cinematic history , and Angela Lansbury as a tarty , smart-mouthed maid . -LRB- Lansbury is so utterly convincing here that it 's hard to believe that she was still a teenager , or that this was her very first screen role . -RRB- Add Joseph Cotten 's noble police detective and Dame May Whitty 's nosy neighbor , and you have a cast for the ages.It 's interesting to contrast the Cukor `` Gaslight '' with Thorold Dickinson 's slightly earlier British version . MGM suppressed the British version for years in order to promote Cukor 's film , and only recently has the British version become available again . While the Cukor version is in my opinion the better of the two , the British version is still very good . I love its evocation of Victorian London and especially the performance of Anton Walbrook , who to my mind is every bit as good as Boyer in the villain 's role . Walbrook 's performance is more histrionic than Boyer 's , but no less compelling .
 One of the best psychological thrillers out there !! Great use of light and shadow ... awesome suspense . Very enjoyable - highly recommend it !
 GREAT CD DID N'T KNOW I WAS GETTING BOTH MOVIES ON ONE CD.BOTH WERE GREAT
 The DVD arrived promptly and in perfect condition . We are very happpy with the service !
 I especially liked the fact that this dvd had the original British version , filmed several years earlier than the Ingrid Bergman one , on the flip side of the dvd . So I got two Gaslights for the price of one . Of course , the Bergman one is wonderful so I was very interested to see if the British version could hold it 's own . It did . It was quite different in tone and style , but still , I enjoyed it immensely . Excellent buy for my `` favorite movie '' collection .
 Excellent classic love story with oppressed woman . The cast is supurb
 Classic story . Absorbing psychological thriller . Still holds up . Entire cast is excellent . Fun to see a very young Angela Lansberry .
 I have been looking for this movie for years ! This has the older version and the best version with Paula !!!
 `` Gaslight '' -LRB- the 1944 version -RRB- is one of the best suspense classics I can think of that 's not directed by Hitchcock , and the casting was simply flawless . Ingrid Bergman gives a excellent performance as a naive young woman -LRB- `` Paula '' -RRB- who 's nearly driven insane by her sinister , greedy husband , `` Gregory '' -LRB- played by Charles Boyer -RRB- . Joseph Cotten plays the detective who comes to Paula 's rescue just when she 's almost lost her sanity . It is he who helps Paula finally realize that Gregory had only married her so that he could find very valuable jewels supposedly hidden in her house years ago . Charles Boyer is great even playing such an unlikable villian , and Dame May Whitty along with then 18-year-old Angela Lansbury in her film debut -LRB- who was nominated for best supporting actress -RRB- add great support to the main stars . This is truly an awesome dvd , and it includes the 1940 British version of `` Gaslight '' as well as a documentary `` Reflections on Gaslight '' , the original trailer , and footage of Ingrid Bergman accepting her best actress oscar at the 1944 Academy Awards ceremony ! This classic thriller is highly recommended .
 GASLIGHT is finally on DVD ! And not just the 1944 suspense classic . This edition includes the complete British GASLIGHT made just a few years before in 1940 . For years MGM actively supressed the older film giving rise to the legend that it was a far superior film . Now finally film buffs can view both and decide for themselves.Both are terrific movies . For me , while the British version is leaner and faster , the Cukor film is by far the greater of the two . The relationship between Walbrook and Wynyard in the 1940 version is a well-played but two dimensional depiction of a tormentor and his victim . Boyer 's and Bergman 's characters are more complex and subtle in the 1944 film . There is a genuine romantic/sexual energy between them . While Boyer is sinister he also very charming and attractive . And you watch as the once-vibrant Bergman gives up her self confidence and becomes emotionally dependent on Boyer a little bit at a time . And what can you say about the amoral delinquent maid of Angela Lansbury ? That alone is worth the price of admission!A great movie and a very good movie . Buy the DVD and enjoy them both !
 Director George Cukor 's Gaslight is a wonderful mystery suspense in the Alfred Hitchcock tradition . And where Hitchcock had trouble with mastery over period dramas , Cukor excelled . The set decoration and camera work are extraordinary and the performances are all on target . Another reason this film has a Hitchcock feel is due to the fact that two of Hitchcock 's most popular players , Ingrid Bergman and Joseph Cotton , star . Bergman stars as Paula Alquist , a shy young woman , whose only surviving relative was brutally murdered when she was a teenager . Bergman 's aunt , Alice Alquist was a famous opera singer and as the movie begins , we find Bergman studying voice in Italy . Accompanying her on the piano is the suave and sophisticated Charles Boyer , the object of Bergman 's affections . Distracted by this new love in her life , Bergman gives up her studies and runs off and marries Boyer . All seems wonderful until Boyer convinces Bergman that they should return to her home in London , the very place where her aunt was murdered . Bergman is reluctant , but gives in to please her new husband . Unknown to Bergman , however , is the fact that Boyer murdered her aunt looking for some very expensive , but hidden jewels . His obsession in finding them goes so far as to convince Bergman that she is on the brink of insanity . Cotton enters the scene as a sympathetic Scotland Yard inspector , and a fan of Bergman 's late aunt . He is convinced that the mystery surrounding Alice Alquist 's murder is somewhere in that house , and he also suspects Boyer . Bergman shines in her first Academy Awarding winning performance . Hers is a delicate , well balanced tour de force that draws the viewer in and makes us sympathize and pull for her to triumph . As the diabolical husband , Boyer is properly menacing and cruel , carefully orchestrating Bergman 's descent into madness . With all this talent and star power in one film , Gaslight could n't help but be a masterpiece . Gaslight is also noteworthy for 17-year-old Angela Landsbury 's film debut as the saucy maid Nancy . With all the polish and resources of the MGM film factory at its peak , Gaslight is superb in every way . Wonderful entertainment .
 If you like old movies -LRB- and especially if you like Ingrid Bergman -RRB- , then you 'll have no choice but to fall in love with 1944 's version of `` Gaslight '' -LRB- directed by George Cukor -RRB- . This is good old-time filmmaking at its very best.Ingrid Bergman is magnificent as `` Paula Alquist Anton '' , who recently married the suave and sophisticated `` Gregory Anton '' -LRB- played by Charles Boyer , who was never better , and never more sinister and underhanded than we find him here -RRB- . Little did Paula know when she married the dashing Mr. Anton -- who is 16 years her senior -LRB- based on the ages of the actors portraying these characters ; Bergman was 28 when she made the film ; Boyer was 44 -RRB- -- that Gregory had a conniving little scheme up his devious sleeve the whole time ; a scheme to slowly but surely drive the new Mrs. Anton out of her mind . It 's a story that 's been done before in the cinema , to be certain ; but `` Gaslight '' sends this plotline to a different -LRB- and better -RRB- plateau . It plays out very nicely and effectively in this film . And you got ta love Ingrid in the final act when she confronts her plotting husband . She 's just great here , in a terrific finale to the picture.Bergman and Boyer are both just right for their parts here ; and I doubt if Miss Bergman ever looked better through the probing camera 's eye than she does in her many close-ups in `` Gaslight '' . She is simply ravishing on screen in this motion picture . The supporting cast is ideal as well , including the always-first-rate Joseph Cotten , plus Dame May Whitty in a humorous role as a neighborhood busybody , and Angela Lansbury in her very first movie role -LRB- she turned 18 while the film was being made -RRB- . `` Gaslight '' did quite well in the `` Oscar '' department too -- earning several Academy Award nominations , including two winning nods -LRB- Miss Bergman won her first Oscar trophy for `` Best Actress '' and the film also took the award for `` Best Art Direction '' -RRB- . Boyer and the teenaged Lansbury also received nominations -LRB- for `` Best Actor '' and `` Best Supporting Actress '' , respectively -RRB- . Lansbury plays `` Nancy '' , a sassy and frisky house servant of the Antons ; and she is delightful in the part too.Set in London , England , in the 1870s , `` Gaslight '' oozes Victorian-era atmosphere , as well as the misty and foggy dampness of London . The set design and costumes , to my eyes , are authentic-looking in all respects . It 's filmed in black-and-white , enhancing the movie 's oft-times dark and shadowy surroundings all the more.The film transfer to this Warner Brothers ' DVD looks excellent . Very clean and clear , with a pleasing Dolby Digital 1.0 Mono soundtrack as well . Video is in the intended Full-Frame ratio , as it was originally seen in theaters beginning on May 4 , 1944 . And for those fans who ca n't get enough `` Gaslight '' , WB has even included the entire 1940 U.K. version of the movie on Side B of this dual-sided DVD . So , this disc is literally a `` Gaslight Double-Feature '' . The '40 version -LRB- also a B&W ; film -RRB- stars Anton Walbrook and Diana Wynyard in the two leads . I 'm partial to the U.S. adaption of the film done four years later ; but the 1940 variant has many die-hard supporters as well . A tip of the cap to Warner 's DVD division for seeing fit to place both versions of the movie on the very same Digital Disc.And WB did n't stop there either -- in addition to the second full-length movie on Side B of the disc , some other nice extra features are presented here too . ... . There 's a 13.5-minute featurette entitled `` Reflections On Gaslight '' , hosted by Ingrid Bergman 's daughter . Angela Lansbury is also on hand to provide a few personal insights about her first-ever experience on a movie set . A nice little featurette , with several behind-the-camera `` Gaslight '' tidbits being revealed.Other DVD bonus items include an Academy Awards Newsreel -LRB- 1:31 in length -RRB- , where we get to see three Oscars being awarded for 1944 excellence , with awards being handed out to Ingrid Bergman , Bing Crosby , and 8-year-old Margaret O'Brien . Very good video quality on this short extra , too . ... And there 's also the Theatrical Trailer for the 1944 edition of `` Gaslight '' -LRB- 1:53 -RRB- . More DVD data ... . The Main Menus are not animated , but do feature underlying theme music from the film . ... Three Subtitle options available -LRB- English , Spanish , and French -RRB- . ... A secondary audio track available for the 1944 version -LRB- French Mono -RRB- . ... Chapter Stops
 There are two movies and three strong reasons to love this dvd . The disk contains two versions of GASLIGHT , based on Patrick Hamilton 's stage play . The first , from 1940 , is director Thorold Dickinson 's English version starring Diana Wynyard as the retiring young wife and Anton Walbrook as the husband who is trying to drive her insane . The second is the famous one , directed in Hollywood by George Cukor in 1944 , starring Ingrid Bergman -LRB- she won an Oscar for this one -RRB- and Charles Boyer.I watched the 1940 's version first and , somewhat to my surprise , enjoyed it very much . Walbrook 's character in the first movie is the epitome of effete villainy , a hiss-able cad whose cruelty made me squirm . Boyer 's husband , on the other hand , is a charming rogue with a cold , calculating , concealed and congealed heart . They both get the job done , but Boyer does so in a more believable manner . In the first movie Diana Wynyard 's character is extremely shy and retiring , almost to the point where you wonder how she ever managed to make it to adulthood . Ingrid Bergman is given a character more assertive , even though still under her husband 's control.If you ca n't tell by now , the third reason I love this dvd is the chance it gives to see the evolution of a screenplay by comparing the two movies . That we 're given the opportunity to make the comparison is ironic - reports have it that the studio tried to destroy all copies of the '40 GASLIGHT when they released Cukor 's version . They should n't have worried . Although the ` 40 version is good , Cukor 's is a classic . Wynyard is good is her showcase role while Bergman is transcendent .
 The Amazon listing is incorrect , and the photo of the DVD must use an old theatre poster as the artwork . This is the black-and-white version we 've been waiting for since we first saw it 5 years ago.Acting by all characters is just exquisite . We were crawling out of our skins -- and we knew the ending !
 `` Gaslight '' always impresses me with its great story , atmospheric sets -LRB- which quite rightly won the Academy Award for that year -RRB- , taut suspense and mind chilling performance by Charles Boyer as the sadistic and money obsessed husband of heiress Ingrid Bergman.The play on one individual 's mental state of mind and the consequences that that has for that individualis the story upon which `` Gaslight '' is based . Rarely has this often used theme been so well employed as in George Cukor 's updated version of a British film of the 30 's . It tells the story of Paula Alquist -LRB- Bergman -RRB- who marries Gregory Anton who is not all he appears to be and after they begin their married life together Paula finds that not only is her husband not the loving individual she thought he was , but that he is disappearing at night with no explanation . Paula suddenly finds herself trapped in a hostile environment with no one to really help her . She begins to be at first intimidated and then terrified by strange noises in distant parts of the house , the gaslights of the title being mysteriously lowered with no explanation and suddenly , according to her husband , she is starting to lose her mind as she imagines things , becomes forgetful and looses some of her precious belongings . `` Gaslight '' boasts a wonderful cast , all at the peak of their careers when this production was made . It really is old style Hollywood at its very best . Ingrid Bergman delivers a stunning oscar winning performance as the put upon heroine of the piece . Her decline into a mass of uncertainities at the hands of her husband and her eventual playing of the same game to outsmart him is brilliantly portrayed and George Cukor 's sure hand with directing female performers to top notch performances is very evident . Charles Boyer , never a favourite actor of mine , shines in the role of the unbalanced Gregory who is motivated by greed in his determination to destroy his wife . His harsh treatment of the Bergman character while disturbing to watch , is also masterfully played and he has just the right elements of menace and cunning to keep us the audience guessing till well into the proceedings about his real motives and reasons for marrying Paula.The cast is rounded out by a stunning debut from Angela Lansbury as the brassy cockney maid who is not slow to read the situation existing in the house and who is not above making her own play for th emaster of the house . She is at times harsh , calculating and naive about who and what she is dealing with and her presence on screen is riveting . Joseph Cotton plays the police inspector who comes to Paula 's rescue and delivers his usual solid performance but he ca n't help but fade into insignificance beside Boyer 's more flamboyant playing as the villian . Dame May Whitty also appears in a humourous performance as Gregory and Paula 's nosy neighbour who tries for the entire running length of the film to get inside the house across the square to find out for herself about the mysterious goings on . She adds the very essential `` English '' element to the proceedings and as always is excellent in her performance . `` Gaslight '' is a very eerie and disturbing film in many ways but done with such finesse that it becomes a memorable viewing experience . It was a perfect marriage of talented performers , great director , great atmosphere and a real sense of suspense that will keep you on the edge of your seats . Bergman and Boyer have wonderful chemistry together which goes a long way to explaining how they managed to lift an often used theme to new heights of viewing entertainment . The usual MGM style and no expense spared budget add tremendously to the overrall look and feel of `` Gaslight '' . Cedric Gibbon 's interior design captures beautifully that rich Victorian flavour that Hollywwod was so good at recreating on a Hollywood sound stage.Enjoy `` Gaslight '' on a cold winters night with all the drapes pulled shut , it will be a guaranteed memorable viewing experience if you are watching it for the first or umteenpth time . A true classic from Hollywood 's golden age .
 Perhaps it was my imagination , but I seem to have felt myself slipping into the `` Twilight Zone '' while being completely absorbed in this movie . Ingrid Bergman won a well deserved Academy Award in this psychological thriller from 1944 . Charles Boyer and Angela Lansbury were both nominated for their devious but stylish performances . The film was also nominated for best screenplay and cinematography . Even with all this going for it , `` Gaslight '' has become somewhat dated -LRB- through no fault of its own -RRB- , and a bit tedious at times . But make no mistake about it , `` Gaslight '' is old fashioned storytelling at its best ! It 's 100 percent gothic romance ! What more could you ask for than distinctly Victorian flavor in a Victorian London setting ? If you answered , `` relentless tension , '' your wish has been granted ! The script is clever , and the atmosphere haunting . Just one flaw
 The DVD release of Gaslight is terrific . The inclusion of both film versions is a great treat because both films are definitely worth seeing ; perhaps they even deserve a back to back viewing . The 1944 version is somewhat superior because of the casting , but there are some terrific things , storywise , in the 1940 version that fare better.The plot is simple yet satisfying
 -LRB- ... -RRB- This classic Victorian thriller 's plot mechanism of a man trying to drive his wife mad definitely squeaks , but as a study in mental cruelty , this film has lost none of its power . Based on Patrick Hamilton 's play `` Angel Street '' -LRB- which , by the way , starred Vincent Price and Judith Evelyn , later to co-star in `` The Tingler '' ! -RRB- , `` Gaslight '' was filmed previously in England in 1939 . I myself have n't seen the British film , and have heard differing opinions on which film is superior , but I definitely love the 1944 version . I 'll give a brief summary of the plot for the uninitiated . Alice Alquist , famed opera diva , was strangled , presumably for her famous jewels , and the murderer was never caught . Her teenaged niece , Paula , who lived with her , is taken to Italy for a presumably better life . The murderer is suave Gregory Anton , -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- , a pianist who romances and weds Paula some ten years later , and persuades her to return to London and to live in her late aunt 's house . He then proceeds to drive his vulnerable young wife mad , isolating her from other people , telling her that she loses and forgets things , and so on . Greedy Gregory goes out in the evenings , enters the attic by way of the roof , and proceeds to hunt for Alice Alquist 's jewels , presumably hidden amongst all of her stored possessions . The gaslight in Paula 's room goes down , and she hears footsteps and noises , which Gregory tells her are figments of her imagination . Gregory persists in psychologically battering Paula to a near-breaking point , and suspicious Scotland Yard detective Brian Cameron -LRB- played by an underrated Joseph Cotten -RRB- becomes Paula 's savior , and Gregory is apprehended and taken away . The plot mechanism does creak and is definitely shopworn by today 's standards , but the production and performances are first-rate . What can I say about Ingrid Bergman that has n't already been said ? Blessed with one of the loveliest `` natural '' faces seen on screen , a voice that could melt your heart , and a remarkable talent , she was something else . One scene in particular really sums up where this film 's power lies . Charles Boyer -LRB- so silkily villainous -RRB- whispers to Miss Bergman `` My watch is missing '' in the middle of a recital , looks in her purse -LRB- he planted it there -RRB- , and Miss Bergman begins to sob uncontrollably . I shudder just thinking about this scene ! I 've borne witness to similar behavior in real life , and know people who have been in manipulative relationships , so this rings very true to me . But , back to the rest of the cast . A 17 year old Angela Lansbury made her screen debut in this film as a tartish Cockney maid , kicking off a long and great career , and the wonderful Dame May Whitty as an inquisitive neighbor is a delight . The cinematography is lush and moody , the costumes and sets are superb , full of rich detail -LRB- one forgets thats these are just sets and not a `` real '' house -RRB- , and an ominous score by Bronislau Caper add to this handsome production . In closing , I have to state again how much I admire Ingrid Bergman . The lady was a class act , and in spite of her loveliness , never viewed herself as a `` glamour puss '' . She just wanted to be a great actress , and she certainly more than succeeded , winning her first Academy Award for this film . I 'll take Sweden !
 I 've been waiting for this one on DVD for as long as I 've had a DVD player . A true classic ! One of George Cukor 's best -- and he directed a lot of great movies ! Based on the play , this taut drama brings us one of the great villians of all time . Boyer is not some scenery-chewing , soap-opera villian shouting and throwing tantrums . No , he 's a soft , purring villian , a loving , concerned husband who is in truth driving his wife mad . She never looked better and Cotton is at his best . Check out the young Angela Landsbury too . Wonderful movie . I do n't want to give it away . Just buy it -- you will not regret it !
 After her aunt and guardian , Alice Alquist , a renowned opera singer , is strangled to death in their London home at # 9 Thornton Square , traumatised teen-ager Paula Alquist moves to Italy . Ten years later , Paula confesses to her devoted voice teacher , Maestro Guardi , that she has finally put the past behind her . Guardi encourages Paula to follow her heart , so she marries a pianist named Gregory Anton - whom she has known quite briefly - and to please her husband , they relocate at # 9 Thornton Square in a fashionable section of London . Strange things begin happening ... A classic excursion into `` head games '' , this infinitely enjoyable Cukor - directed film was filmed priorly -LRB- and some say more effectively -RRB- under the title ANGEL STREET in England back in 194O
 I bought this movie based on a recommendation made to me years ago that I had completely forgotten . What a waste of time . I have n't seen a movie this engrossing in many , many years . The acting is superb and you just ca n't believe what you 're seeing , or take your eyes from it . In the age of `` Eyes Wide Shut '' and similar movies where sex is used so freely to capture your attention , it is refreshing to see pure acting and story-telling keep your eyes wide open and fixed on the movie . Highly recommended !
 I love this Movie!I first decided to watch this when I found out Angela Lansbury was in it , because she is my favorite actress.I saw it on Turner classic movies and I loved this movie ever since.This movie is so great with actress Ingrin Bergam and Actor Charles Boytermake this great as well.Do buy this movie .
 About an unscrupulous man -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- slowly and methodically making his wife -LRB- Ingrid Bergman -RRB- think she 's insane . Years earlier Boyer had murdered Bergman 's aunt for jewels she owned , but he was never able to find them . When he learns that Bergman has inherited the aunt 's house , he turns on the charm , gets her to marry him , and moves into the house with her . On the pretense of going to a room every night to write music , he sneaks upstairs to the attic , which has been sealed off , to search for the jewels . Meanwhile he torments Bergman , hoping to have her committed to a madhouse after he finds the jewels . But thanks to Joseph Cotton and Scotland Yard , all comes right in the end . Both Boyer and Bergman are excellent -LRB- Bergman took the Oscar -RRB- , and they bring off the very tense climax powerfully . Angela Lansbury makes her acting debut as a servant girl , and plays her part to the hilt . Great entertainment ; definitely worth a watch .
 From a systems-theoretic psychological point of view this movie is the greates on how a husband drives his wife crazy . Boyer is a genius is every grimace , delayed reaction and raised eyebrow . Any woman who 's ever been driven crazy by a man can instantly relate -LRB- and even laugh all through -RRB- this movie . I have seen it 18 times and enjoy it more each time . Not the front or the end so much as the priceless interactions of the two and the maids who `` also hate her '' . Female competition is a real thing -- `` there 's no house big enough for two women '' and the `` female help '' is envious of the `` mistress '' and she knows it . She fears her husband and the maids alike , who are `` on his side '' .
 One of the old black and white classics , never seen by most.Boyer plays an all but forgotten jewel thief who marries Bergman to gain access to the house in which she lived as a child . In the process of jewel hunting , Boyer deliberately tries to drive his bride insane ; he loves only hidden wealth . Enter Cotten to help save the day , and Bergman 's life.Look for Angela Lansbury , age 17 , in her first movie , doing all her shots barefooted because of Boyer 's 5ft .5 in . stature . `` He was such a dear , but Charles was just so short '' , Lansbury recalls.Watch also how quickly Lansbury ages ; she was only in her mid thirties in 1962 , when she played Laurence Harvey 's mother in `` The Manchurian Candidate '' . Meanwhile , if superior acting is your forte , see `` Gaslight '' .
 Set in the 1870s when the lighting in English households was powered by gas -- hence the title -- this psychological mystery worked as a diversion from the constant presence of the war for the American public when it was released in 1944 . Starring the incomparable Ingrid Bergman -LRB- Paula -RRB- in an Oscar-winning role as a woman who marries a dark , handsome and mysterious man -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- only to fall prey to his desire to drive her mad and steal her jewels , Gaslight remains one of director George Cukor 's many triumphs.Joseph Cotton , Dame May Whitty , and Angela Lansbury -LRB- in her debut at seventeen as a saucy parlor maid -RRB- lent strong support . I was particularly delighted with the busybody Whitty , who was born in 1865 and had made her film debut at the age of 49 . Here she is rapid-fire sure and feisty at age 78 , and funny , both intentionally and unintentionally -- or I should say that Whitty turned otherwise prosaic lines into little bits of delight . I also recall her in Hitchcock 's Brit classic The Lady Vanishes -LRB- 1938 -RRB- in which she had the title role . The interesting thing is that in both movies Whitty meets the young star on a train -LRB- Margaret Lockwood there , and Bergman here -RRB- and they become friends -- well , here their friendship is a bit difficult for Bergman 's character for reasons that will become clear when you see the movie.Some of this will seem familiar , especially the somewhat idiotic idea that a man may drive his wife crazy by playing nasty little tricks on her , such as taking down pictures and hiding them , or dimming the gaslights , or walking like a ghost above her bedroom . And the treatment may be a bit leisurely for today 's audiences . However this movie is very carefully constructed with plausible twists of plot and some fine foreshadowing . Boyer is almost comical in his machinations at times , mad with jewel lust and syrupy smooth by turns.A good reason to see this black and white classic is to compare how past-master Cukor features his leading ladies . He also directed Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , Judy Garland in A Star Is Born -LRB- 1954 -RRB- and Katharine Hepburn in Adam 's Rib -LRB- 1950 -RRB- and Pat and Mike -LRB- 1952 -RRB- to name a famous few . One thing is clear , for several decades if you were a leading actress , being in a George Cukor film was an opportunity not to be missed.But see this for Ingrid Bergman . She dominates the movie with her exquisite beauty and her oh so expressive countenance in one of her more demanding roles . The famous , beguiling Bergman smile however is not much in evidence since her character is so long-suffering and passive -- and this too may try the patience of today 's audiences . You may find yourself wanting to say to Paula , `` Get a backbone , '' `` Live a little '' and `` Get rid of that rake ! '' But fear not . Paula does eventual get back at her oppressor culminating in a -LRB- somewhat implausible , but nonetheless agreeable -RRB- scene near the end where he is tied up and begging her to get a knife and cut him free ...
 `` Gaslight '' is a 1944 movie that delves into the idea that the criminal mind can gradually take control of another human being . It makes its ' case in the form of Charles Boyer playing a murderer who , for reasons not initially known , seeks to exert such control over his wife , played by Ingrid Bergman . Identifying Boyer as a murderer is not giving anything away in this movie . The strength of the movie is in watching this control slowly and steadily take shape . Knowing the good guys and the bad guy enables us to focus on these developments without being distracted by `` who done it . '' There are some mysteries that are solved during the course of the movie which do add to its ` impact.With a psychological drama such as this , the acting is critical for success . In this case , the cast is exceptional . Charles Boyer lokks and acts the part of the evil manipulator . Ingrid Bergman won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of the manipulated wife . Her descent into bewilderment is impressive to watch . The movie is well-directed by George Cukor and must have been a big hit in its ' day.I limited my rating to four stars for the same reason I referred to it as a semi-thriller . I felt that could have been a bit more done to effectuate a greater sense of impending doom . I previously noted that the strength of the movie lies in its ' psychological development . However , I thought there was room for more suspense . Knowing `` who done it '' from the start was OK ; it was the not knowing who done what or why that I felt could have been better developed .
 I saw this movie about 7 years ago as a rental from a library , even on VHS it was a winner . I have been waiting for it to come out on DVD so I can finally buy it . All of the characters are great in this movie , Angela Lansbury has her acting debut & is feisty , Joseph Cotten is the handsome detective who knows something is up , Charles Boyer , what can I say , that voice is amazing , Ingrid Bergman plays beautiful , fragile , naieve -LRB- sp -RRB- Paula . I watched the 1940 version of Gaslight after I watched the 1944 one and was n't to impressed , maybe it was because I had something to compare it to . This one though is definatley a keeper .
 A phychological film explaining the term `` gaslight '' . Good for codependent , obsessive compulsive , and manipulative people . Also good for recovering alcoholics in counseling , and ai-anon members .
 This is a very interesting movie , considering that now the term `` gaslight '' is being used to describe a form of abuse . I had never known what it was until a friend mentioned it a while back and then another friend recently mentioned this movie . I was delighted to watch it here on Amazon and do love the old black and white movies . The setting is so wonderfully done & the acting is marvelous . This is overall a good movie to watch , regardless of the form of abuse and message being sent across .
 My students loved this classic suspense tale and used the information to write their own screenplays !
 If you like Hitchcock movies , you 'll love the one he did n't do . Gaslight has everything . Excellent acting , suspense , `` mind games '' , big stars , you name it . I want to see it every other year - just to remind me what good moviemaking is . BRING IT OUT ON DVD - PLEASSSSSE !
 `` Gaslight '' is an above average suspense/murder mystery . There are far more strong points than weak . It is seriously recommended to old/serious movie fans , albeit with a few definite reservations . The former include the two leads - Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman , playing husband and wife . Both are excellent . The film opens just as her aunt has been murdered in her London townhouse . A very young Bergman is forced to move to Vienna , where she falls in love with a music teacher , none other than Boyer . Somewhat too conveniently , they return to London and surprise -LRB- ! -RRB- discover that the same old townhouse is for sale . They move back in to the murder locale . At this point , the reservations come to the surface as GL starts to telegraph that Boyer is `` up to something '' . The honeymoon ends . Joseph Cotton enters the film as a very -LRB- ! -RRB- Americanized Scotland Yard Detective . It seems he originally investigated the murder of the aunt . His superior officer at the Yard orders him not to reopen the case but he defies his boss and does exactly that ! Cotton 's key role is the weakest link in GL . It is difficult to accept an American detective midst all the Europeans and harder still to swallow his direct defiance of his boss . Would a true SY detective be so brazen ? Furthermore , Cotton 's `` discoveries '' are a tad too slick . GL also over-portrays Boyer as a `` somewhat less than loving husband '' , when that fact is patently plain . Finally , GL 's stage origins shine through . This was obviously NOT filmed within 5,000 miles of London but on a studio lot . That `` mansion '' was cobbled together by the Hollywood Carpenters local ! The `` pea soup '' background is laughable , though the gloomy black and white film serves the story well . Why then , is GL recommended ? This reviewer believes that the two leads are so strong that they support the movie themselves . Most seem to praise Bergamn since she plays the sympathetic role of the abused wife . What a jerk she was married to ! And indeed , Hollywood gave her the Best Actress Oscar . This reviewer favors the evil , smarmy , slimy , manipulative Boyer as the strongest element of GL . Together this mismatched husband and wife elevate `` Gaslight '' to a serious suspense movie , just short of a `` classic '' . For the record , both Mr. Boyer and the movie itself lost Oscar races to Bing Crosby and `` Going My Way '' . I guess the wartime United States could not get too serious over movies . This reviewer does n't divulge endings although it may already be obvious . The resolution is not the key . Watch `` Gaslight '' for the strange alchemy twixt the leads .
 MGM was probably right to try to do away with the prints of the British Gaslight -LRB- if the story is true -RRB- , released four years before it 's own version starring Ingrid Bergman and Charles Boyer . The story is almost identical ; the differences are in the stars and how they 're directed.An old lady in Victorian England is killed for her jewels , but the killer ca n't find them . Flash forward . The woman 's niece , now grown , is newly married and she and her husband move into the old lady 's home , now hers . Before long strange things begin to happen , the gas lights dim unaccountably , pictures are moved , the husband finds reasons to be gone at night , and her increasing nervous condition means she must be kept more and more isolated from those who once knew her . There 's only her husband , the housekeeper and the maid in the house . Is she going mad ? -LRB- Here 's the spoiler -RRB- . The husband certainly hopes so , because he 's the killer . He 's behind the strange happenings and his wife 's isolation . He 's busily looking for the jewels in the house 's attic at night , and he wants his wife out of the way permanently.The British and the American versions are both good , but -LRB- and all these are just my opinions -RRB-
 I have waited for this movie to be released for a long time on dvd.Now after almost 30 years i get to see the Uk version which is on the flip side of GASLIGHT.It was called ANGEL STREET.In everyway its superior.The acting.The sets.The Atmosphere.AND THE story is better.This movie is worth buying just for the Uk version alone but you get both movies on one dvd.Superb value .
 What a screwy method Amazon used to send Gaslight to me . The movie in itself is great & has a history as well . It is required viewing in many colleges . -LRB- so I 'm told -RRB- However , Amazon uses a warehouse called MovieMars . They sent me a blank dvd . now , do you know that easy exchange promise that Amazon posts ? They can scrap that any day now . They refunded the price of postage that I had to pay to retun it about three weeks later but I 'm still out the dvd . And as for that refund
 The movie was great . Unfortunately it broke in transit . I was able to view the majority of the video and Loved it . The seller also responded in a timely manner .
 I purchased Gaslight as I am presently buying my all time favourite movies . The older movies far surpass most of the new movies made these days . Gaslight was gripping and entertaining from the beginning . Well acted by these legends of film . The picture and sound quality was great , clear and precise .
 Gaslight is a superb example of a woman-in-peril suspense film . It is a psychological thriller , perfectly atmospheric , set in a foggy , dark London of the Victorian period.Ingrid Bergman 's performance as a woman slowly losing her mind is great - she received an Oscar for it . She is the victim of games being played to make her doubt her sanity . -LRB- The term to gaslight someone to make them doubt themself comes from the movie 's title . It refers to the frequent dimming of the gas lights she sees . -RRB- Charles Boyer is the devil trying to destroy his wife 's mind , and Joseph Cotten the dashing , intelligent inspector whose suspicions save the day . Angela Lansbury , at 18 years old , makes her screen debut in this very enjoyable , albeit old film .
 The DVD was everything I wanted it to be . It took me back to the long ago day when I saw this movie for the first time and this movie is ageless .
 This movie is one of my wife 's and mine annual `` must see '' movies . -LRB- The other being `` The Picture of Dorian Gray '' . -RRB- The cast , the directing and the atmosphere of this movie is in perfect balance with each other . When I was growing up in the Fifties , my Mother used the expression '' ... giving them the ` gaslight ' treatment . '' I never could understand what it meant exactly ... but after watching this hold-on-to-your-seat ; white-knuckle presentation I knew the meaning of the phrase ... you will too . Enjoy !
 Ingrid Bergman received a Best Actress award from the Academy for her performance in the 1944 version of Gaslight . As anyone knows , the Oscars are not necessarily a good guide to fine acting but , in this case , she deserved it in spades . This taut , suspenseful production , superbly directed by the great George Cukor , also features fine performances from Charles Boyer , Angela Lansbury -LRB- 17 , going on 18 -RRB- and Joseph Cotten . But it is Bergman 's performance which elevates this film out of the ruck , so that it takes its place among the best of its type . The DVD transfer , on the whole , is good , although the print from which it was made shows considerable signs of wear in the first 10 minutes , and the whole thing could do with a restoration/clean . The special feature , hosted by Bergman 's daughter , Pia Lindstrom , is well worthwhile - and on the flipside of the disc there is also the 1940 British version of the Patrick Hamilton play . A DVD worth owning .
 My family enjoyed this nail-biting drama about a husband trying to make his wife think she is going mad . Charles Boyet is wonderful as the ` bad guy ' and Ingrid Bergman is very young and plays the perfect wife . I love this story and never fail to be drawn into the drama being played out on the screen , no matter how many times I watch it . I highly recommend this to all movie buffs that like Ingrid Berman and films that the whole family can sit down and enjoy together .
 When Roz asks
 Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman star in this dazzling mystery about two newlyweds who move into the wife 's family mansion . While at the house Paula -LRB- Bergman -RRB- fears she is going mad when she begins to imagine things . Such as the lights flickering and hearing voices in the middle of the night . Joseph Cotten co stars as a man after ten years digging up a file on the murder of Alice Alquist -LRB- Who was killed in that house -RRB- . While seeing Paula nearly frightened to death at a concert he knows that she is not mad , she is being driven mad . If this macabe nightmare continues Paula could be placed in an insane asylum . A macabeish film that unlock hidden secrets of the mind . Starring Charles Boyer , Ingrid Bergman , Joseph Cotten and Dame May Whitty . Directed by George Cukor . 114 minutes .
 I am going to make you believe that you are mad and then push you over the edge of sanity . With those intensions , Gregory Anton -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- sets out to destroy his wife , Paula 's -LRB- Ingrid Bergman -RRB- mental stability in `` Gaslight '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- . Greg 's reasoning ? ? Paula?s dead aunt , his former lover , has hidden a fortune in jewels somewhere in the house which Paula now owns . I suppose Greg could have just sent Paula to the music hall to get her out of the way , but then the prospects for high melodrama and intense suspense wouldn?t have been nearly as diabolical or as fun.The film opens on one of MGM?s spooky and unsettling soundstages , gussied up to look like a typical English square . From one of the brownstones a distraught Paula is taken away , having just discovered her aunt?s horribly mangled body inside . In a state of shock , Paula is sent to Florence where she falls in love with a piano player , Gregory Anton . The two married . Returning to London , Paula and Gregory set up housekeeping in her aunt?s old house . However , not long afterward Paula begins to become increasingly absentminded ? or does she . Priceless antiques are moved , paintings are switched on the walls and a broach belonging to Gregory?s mother vanishes without a trace . Gregory , growing increasingly impatient with Paula?s emerging psychosis -LRB- actually he?s upset how long its taking to drive her crazy -RRB- , leaves her alone each night , presumably to go off and paint portraits -LRB- his profession -RRB- . Actually , he sneaks around the back of their house , reentering from an adjacent attic into theirs to search for the aunt?s missing jewels . The tap , tap , tapping on Paula?s bedroom ceiling and the sudden lowering of gaslights are attributed to figments of Paula?s growing mental instability . To create further doubt , paranoia and suspicion , Gregory hires an upstairs maid , the saucy Nancy -LRB- Angela Lansbury in an Oscar nominated role -RRB- who delights at taunting Paula with coy flirtations toward Gregory . Deception never looked so good . The melodrama is first rate and the performances will have you applauding in your seat . Joseph Cotten costars as the police investigator who does not believe that all of the mysteries inside Gregory?s home can be attributed to Paula?s failing mental health.The transfer is rather disappointing . Though the gray scale is very nicely balanced with black levels that are solid and contrast levels that are fully realized , nothing can eclipse the distracting shimmering effects and edge enhancement that plague many of the scenes throughout this film . Fine details uncontrollably shimmer and thoroughly distract in spots . The audio is sharp and well balanced.As part of the extras we are given the original 1940 British version of `` Gaslight '' that , I must tell you , is just as compelling as MGM 's remake . In comparing the two versions , MGM?s obvious attention to ultra high gloss glamour becomes instantly obvious . So does the fact that director , George Cukor managed to create an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia in the remake that works well with the subject matter but is wholly lacking in the original . The transfer elements for the British version are much poorer than one might expect but they are by no means awful - leaving you with twice as much sinister fun on this double feature . Contrast and shadows on the British original are poorly balanced but there appears to be no aliasing , shimmering or edge enhancement employed for a far more smooth presentation . There 's also a new retro-documentary on both versions that is generally compelling if all too short .
 I watched late at night and i was kind of sleepy but i could n't fall asleep until i watched the end ... Very entertaining really good story !!
 This story will keep you guessing what 's to happen next until you see who the villain is . Then you wo n't be able to wait to see how revenge is dished out . A best classic in every sense of the word . Great acting , actors and photography !
 Angela Lansburys debut in films . Ingrid Bergman wasfantastic . A little slow in parts but a great movie if you like the actors in it . Black and white movies are so special and it really takes you to the time it was filmed.Great scenes of England . If you like original and old movies , this is a great one .
 I had heard about this movie before , of course , but mostly just what the title meant
 Visually stunning , Gaslight contrasts Victorian opulence with an equally menacing suspense and a classic portrait of emotional abuse and manipulation .
 A great thriller ! One to be watched over and over and over !!! This can be see by teens and adults . Enjoy !!!
 Great movie ! A must have for every classic movie collection . The timeless beauty of Ingrid Bergman and charm of Charles Boyer . Perfect together for the romance . However , as Gregory 's true character is revealed , you feel your blood boiling as he torments poor , sweet Paula .
 Great training film for sociopaths on how to drive someone crazy . This would also be useful training for victims of sociopaths . Great story and acting !
 Great movie from Charles Boyer ! I never thought he could play such a charactor , but the really pulled this off amazingly !
 This is a great movie . Ingrid Bergman in one of her best performance . If you like costume movie get this one .
 I found this movie a classic without a doubt . The quality was excellent and the casing is in good conditions . The only objection was that it was not spanish spoken but the subtitles are . Since I prefer my movies spoken in spanish that would be a nice detail .
 `` Gaslight '' , great old picture , beautifully lit in black and white , very good acting all around , a keeper . A MUST in any serious movie collectors file . `` Far and Away '' Tom Cruise , in my opinion , gave his best performances in this movie and in `` Rainman '' . The rest of his stuff is either special effects , badly done or totally inept as in `` Walkuere '' . The Tudors , second season , I did not yet get a change to watch it .
 This is truly a GREAT suspense film with believable characters and excellent actors , director , and story . Ingrid Bergman as the helpless wife and Charles Boyer as the manipulative husband are excellent . The eerie mood that keeps building is highly effective , and Angela Lansbury 's performance was memorable even though short . Well worth seeing several times , as I did . The black and white color , the foggy night scenes in the glow of the street gaslights could n't be more befitting for this story .
 Excelente pel&iacute;cula . Brillantes actuaciones de Boyer , Bergman , Lansbury , Cotten y Whitty . Bergman gan&oacute; un merecido Oscar a mejor actriz , pero la actuaci&oacute;n de Boyer es sencillamente sobresaliente ; encarna con maestr&iacute;a a un villano dom&eacute;stico pero peligroso , dominante pero atribulado , calculador y arriesgado , a la vez . Una expresi&oacute;n realista de la mezquindad humana.El DVD contiene la versi&oacute;n original y tambi&eacute;n excelente de 1940 . Efra&iacute;n .
 If `` Gaslight '' with Charles Boyer rates five stars , this should be six stars . Anton Walbrook is evil , demonic and wonderful ! I am so happy I was finally able to get this old and forgotten movie on DVD .
 I have passed by this movie many times in the library , and finally decided to pick it up . I was glad that I did ! It satisfied my need for something subtle and suspenseful.Paula was living in London with her aunt , a famous singer/actress , Alice . Her aunt was violently killed and Paula was traumatized . So she fled , as her aunt was the only parent known to her . While she is trying to become a singer herself , she falls in love with the piano player after only having known him for two weeks . After lots of pressure , Gregory pursuades Paula to move back to her house , the one her aunt died in . After all , it was left to her.It is then that Paula seems to change from an active , full of life woman , to someone who is ill , isolated , and depressed . Every night , she hears footsteps in the attic , -LRB- no one else does , especially the half-deaf cook -RRB- and the gaslight appears to go down , when no one in the house is touching another . Her husband is also not the same man she married . The maid and the cook do n't understand what is wrong with her . She does n't have anyone to turn to , and slowly goes mad . But , why?Though you realize pretty early what will happen at the end and who the killer is , it does n't ruin the movie for you . The acting is excellent , especially by Nancy -LRB- played by an adorable 18 year old Angela Lansbury -RRB- the sardonic , and slightly tarty maid.Though there are many times when I have to be `` in the mood '' for old movies , but I do n't know why ... because every time I see one , I am pleasantly surprised ! Recommended !
 If you like clasics of this time period , this is a very good one . I do !
 Ingrid Bergman is just an incredble actor , as is Charles Boyer . We thoroughly enjoyed the film , and even with the minimal special effects , the way in which the picture was shot , we were on the edge of our seat the whole time . Hollywood just does n't make them like this anymore ... an excellent thriller , and one we will enjoy watching again and again !
 A brilliant , creepy movie of a control freak destroying a mind , Boyer and Bergman are superb . Angela Lansbury is stellar as the maid . Cotten is unfortunately cast , it being abit weird for an uncompromisingly American guy to be working at Scotland Yard . However , despite being almost sixty years old , this movie masterfully relays tensions . It 's unfortunate that the plotline is telegraphed so far in advance , but watching Boyer and Bergmans ' scenes together are more than enough to grip you . Perfect to watch on a grim , rainy night .
 This is a classic and it has not aged one iota , even if it is a victorian crime story . The construction of the plot is slow and very cautious to build up a suspense that does not suffer with multiple viewing . The actor and actress are great in their parts and they really show in their behaviors and expressions the deep disquieting situation . The general lesson of such a film is that no one can trust anyone when diamonds are at stake . All is good for the vulture who wants the diamonds to recuperate them and the woman who is taken up in that machination becomes a tool that can be discarded any time if it helps the objective of the criminal . But it is also very moral because Scotland Yard is looking after you and you can trust them to do anything they can to protect you . Of course it is an old film without any special effects but the acting is so good that we can forget those elements of modernity that generally do not add anything to a film except more visual elements that replace the acting of the actors . Here the whole film is founded on this excellent acting . It was a time when actors were the very center of films , and these do it marvellously.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 The French biographer of Charles Boyer says
 I first saw this moive about four years ago . I am still haunted at times by it , my house is much like the one in the moive , with old gas light fixtures have only been changed to electic . Brown outs are often but quick , lasting only long enough to notice . If you love old movies this is a must .
 With great performances by Charles Boyer , Oscar Winner Ingrid Bergman and Joseph Cotten , `` Gaslight '' is one of the best thrillers of the ` 40 's and indeed of all time . It proves to us that there is more than meets the eye when it comes to people , but also to any other situation . It also asks us if we know the ones we trust -LRB- Some plot spoilers -RRB- . The story is of a married couple
 As a fan of the `` classics '' this movie is right up my alley . Every time I watch it I find more details that I missed the first time . My hope is that these old classics will be released again for VHS and / or DVD . More often than not trips to the theaters are resulting in huge let downs , as the films are either poorly written or the quality of acting is n't up to the standards from the past . Instead of having a large choice of actors to enjoy , such as , Bergman , Grace Kelly , Katherine Hepburn , Audrey Hepburn , Lauren Bacall -LRB- and these are just the women -RRB- , I could go on and on , we have limited choices of talented actors . Please consider re - releasing the old movies of great for those of us who love to watch a truely good movie .
 Well , I beg to differ with the Amazon reviews . The thing that makes this extra creepy is that our young , uncertain heiress fully believes she can trust her new husband . As a matter of survival and love , she finds it impossible to believe any cruelty of him ; it is less painful for her to accept her own insanity . The black and white media is used well here , and surely inspired Hitchcock ...
 This lovely black and white film with Ingrid Bergman , Charles Boyer , Joseph Cotten and if you 'll notice a very young Angela Lansbury as their maid.It 's suspenseful , exciting and filmed gorgeously.The tittle comes from the mysterious gas lights which keep dimming and lighting and mentally threaten Ingrid Bergman 's character of a newlywed believing she 's ready for a nervous breakdown.Very entertaining and does n't lose it 's magic after all these years .
 GASLIGHT is a first-rate psychological suspense thriller which features the passionate Academy Award-winning performance of Ingrid Bergman in the role of Paula Alquist Anton , a young , fragile wife who is slowly being manipulated into a state of near-insanity by her sinister new husband Gregory Anton -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- . Having been traumatized by the murder of her aunt , the opera singer Alice Alquist , 10 years previously in London , Paula Alquist has been living and studying music in Italy in the years since that tragedy . It is there that she meets and impulsively marries the pianist Gregory Anton . Guided by Anton 's wishes , the young couple moves back to London and back into the townhouse where the murder occurred . For the first time in 10 years , Paula declares to Anton , she is no longer afraid
 Books on passive-aggressive behavior often refer the reader to the 1944 movie Gaslight , where passive-aggressive behavior and its effects are splendidly acted by a cast of old time movie greats . The term `` gaslighting '' -LRB- attempting to drive someone crazy by hiding things and other psychologically coercive behavior originates from this movie . -RRB- Set in Victorian England , husband Gregory Anton -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- uses a variety of techniques to convince his wife Paula -LRB- Ingrid Bergman -RRB- that she 's crazy . Smooth-talking , intensely romantic Gregory does a fine job of sweeping Ingrid Bergman 's character off her feet and convincing her to marry him after only two weeks . They move into the Victorian townhouse she inherited from her famous opera star aunt who had been murdered there when Paula was a teenager . There the self-absorbed Gregory uses a variety of psychological tricks to drive Paula crazy-tricks still in use today like isolating her from visitors , commenting under the guise of concern that she 's tired and forgetful , hiding jewelry , etc. . He even tries to make her think the house is haunted . Ingrid Bergman does a brilliant job of playing the distressed Paula who increasingly doubts her own sanity and is driven to the brink of nervous breakdown . Gaslight showcases Bergman 's acting better than Casablanca filmed two years prior.Bergman and Boyer are helped by a fine cast of supporting actors . They have an intensely curious busybody old woman neighbor , played by Dame Mae Whitty who snoops on them as much as she can while she gardens or feeds the pigeons . She reminded me of Angela Lansbury in the television show `` Murder She Wrote . '' Whitty , born in 1865 , was a London stage actress beginning in the 1880s who found Hollywood success in her 70s ! Another fine supporting actress was the feisty cockney-accented young maid . My friend with whom I watched the movie -LRB- whose review appears elsewhere on page -RRB- and I were sure we had seen her somewhere before in a variety of roles . Turns out she was a teenage Angela Lansbury in her movie debut -- a role that earned her a best supporting actress nomination and showed that this woman was born to act ! Another fine supporting actor was Joseph Cotten who played Scotland Yard investigator Brian Cameron.It 's really a tossup as to whether to give this movie four or five stars . I 'm giving it four stars only because the movie has a slow beginning setting up the story that some modern movie viewers might find a bit boring . No spoilers , but this is one movie where it 's well worth sticking around for the second half and the ending . You will be well-rewarded for any boredom you may have endured during the first half . : - -RRB-
 `` But Paula ! `` Try to say that like Charles Boyer . If you succeed , I 'll give you a penny for your success in imitating the inimitable . I 'd give you a dime but I do n't have a dime . I think Gregory Anton is hiding my money someplace and planning to make me think I did it.This is n't Hitchcock , but it could have been , because it is so very suspenseful and artistic with never a dull moment . The cast consists primarily of the murderous husband , the wife going nuts , the cuckoo neighbour across the street who loves diggie biscuits and chats with pigeons , a maid with attitude , and the detective with the pretty hair who comes just in time to save the day and maybe a few lives too.This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen , but keep in mind it is also a very nerve-wracking film and defnitely NOT to be watched if you are trying to be calm or relieve stress . Unless you 're very unusual . It is extremely intense and I feel like I 'm going mad right along with Paula , listening to Gregory baby-talk her into lunacy with that French accent . Really , this guy should have won an Oscar for so convincingly portraying such an obsessive weirdo . This was the first time I ever saw Charles Boyer in anything and it was not a good first impression , although I changed my mind about him after seeing All This and Heaven Too . As for Ingrid , she is unsurpassed anyway , regardless of the fact that she played Paula to a tea . -LRB- This took place in England , see . -RRB- Well , I think I 've said my piece well enough . You do n't need to rent this movie - buy it . If by some narrow chance you do n't like it , you can send it to me .
 George Cukor takes `` Gaslight '' from the stage to the screen . This film is done so well , that one would immediately guess that Alfred Hitchcock directed it.What makes this film work so well -LRB- and something that very few of today 's directors understand -RRB- is the subtlety in which Charles Boyer -LRB- Anton -RRB- makes his wife feel that she is losing her mind . Unfortunately , many of today 's films rest in the violence and gore . I have found that films are more suspenseful when they do n't show you everything . Hitchcock was a master of this , and Cukor shows the same restraint here . Do n't believe me ? Check out `` Psycho '' again and see how much is not shown on the screen , but allowing the viewer to fill in the blanks with his/her own imagination . This is a far more effective style of film-making . The film immediately starts off with aftermath of a murder in London , in which Paula -LRB- Ingrid Bergman -RRB- is being sent away after the tragic events that end with the death of her aunt . The film then jumps some ten years into the future with Paula living in Italy where she meets her future husband , Gregory Anton -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- . Things appear to be well between them . But is Anton 's true agenda and how is it linked with events of the past ? I wo n't divulge any details about that here for those who have not seen the film.Ingrid Bergman -LRB- perhaps one of the greatest actresses in film history -RRB- took home her first Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in this film . It 's not hard to understand why . She takes Paula from a sweet and happy young woman to someone who does n't trust her own mental faculties anymore . This sounds like an easy job for an actress , but it is n't . She has to make the viewer begin to question things as well , and she does . The ending allows her the tremendous payoff that we 've been waiting for ever since the film began , and we revel in her ultimate triumph along with her character.Charles Boyer is fantastic as the sinister Anton . He also creates a complex character who , at first , appears sympathetic toward his young wife to someone who is quickly losing patience with her . But , is there something else at work ? Charles Boyer can give a hard gaze that would make anybody begin quaking in their shoes.Finally , one of my favorite character actors -LRB- Joseph Cotton -RRB- plays a young assistant at Scotland Yard who was a great admirer of Paula 's aunt -LRB- who was a great singer in her day -RRB- . He feels that something is not entirely right with Paula and her husband . Paula is all but shunned away from the public . Anton feels that he ca n't allow her illness to be given public light . The young assistant decides to find out for himself , and perhaps help Paula in the process.I 've been a huge Ingrid Bergman fan for years , and this was one of the first films of hers that I came across . I loved it immediately , and quickly decided that this was the best psychological thriller that I 'd ever seen . It works on so many levels that still work today.Keep an eye out for a very young Angela Lansbury as a saucy maid . She looks so young!If you 're looking for great suspenseful fun weaves a tapestry through the long lost art of subtley without the violence and gore , then you are in for a true treat ! Gaslight more than fits the bill !
 As a former cult member who now teaches college students about mind control , I can honestly say that `` Gaslight '' is the best movie by far which illustrates how one person can control another through deception and subtle influence . I saw this film last year after reading that Margaret Singer , leading researcher on destructive cults , uses this film as a teaching tool . Charles Boyer is wonderful as the dashing husband who is too good to be true , and Ingrid Bergman delivers a fascinating performance of a woman tortured by his vices . If you 've read Cialdini 's `` Psychology of Influence , '' you will be able to point out each of his six `` Weapons of Influence '' in this film . This film is a must see for former cult members , or anyone who has ever been victimized by abusive , manipulative relationships .
 George Cukor , whose name is synonymous with so-called women 's movies directed this tightly knit psychological Victorian gem of a thriller . On the surface it is not a complicated premise . Young Paula Alquist , played by beautiful Ingrid Bergman is sent away Italy to finish her schooling after her famous aunt is found murdered in her home . The murderer was never found . Nor were the jewels she was rumored to have.Fast forward years later . Paula has fallen in love with charming and dashing Gregory Anton -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- . She marries Anton and they return to her aunt 's house which is now Paula 's by inheritance . Paula can not see it , but the audience sees that her husband 's charm is quickly fading as he isolates her from their social circle under the guise that she is ill and can not see anyone . He manipulates her to the point that she is fears that she is losing her mind . The viewer watches Ingrid Bergman 's character change from an intelligent , secure young woman to a paranoid recluse slowly being driven mad by her husband who skillfully controls her mind . By now we have learned that it is no coincidence that Gregory Anton , met , married and convinced Paula to return to London to live in her former home . He is determined to continue his search for the jewels which was interrupted by Alice Alquist years ago.As Paula struggles with her sanity , she has no one to turn to for help until an inquisitive neighbor , Miss Thwaites -LRB- Dame May Witty -RRB- elicits help from Brian Cameron -LRB- Joseph Cotton -RRB- who happens to be a Scotland Yard detective . Cameron has his own reasons for being curious about the never seen Paula Alquist . Be sure to watch for a very young Angela Lansbury as the cute tartish young maid who has eyes for Boyer.Gaslight is one for those movies that you can again and again and still have it give you the shivers as you watch Boyer skillfully and cunningly drive his wife to the brink of insanity . But Bergman 's revenge is sweet . A brilliant movie.Vannie -LRB-~.~-RRB-
 Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman star in this chilling and creepy drama of a woman slowly driven to madness in her London home - the same house where her aunt was murdered . Boyer and Bergman are both excellent , and the foggy London atmosphere is perfect . Only caveat - Joseph Cotten , playing a British detective with an American accent !
 If you like Ingrid Bergman you will truly enjoy this movie . Black and white but still worth watching no matter how many times you have seen it .
 This movie was wonderful , thanks for prime amazon !! I wil definately buy this movie . It is where the term &#34; Gaslighting &#34; came from , when a person tries to make you think your insane . Very good movie .
 Good cast and excellent production values , but the earlier British version -LRB- 1940 -RRB- was closer to the original stage play of Patrick Hamilton , with a more wicked villain in Anton Walbrook . The MGM re-write lost some of the tension and was a vehicle for the principal actors . Its behaviour in buying up the original film and trying to suppress it was cultural vandalism .
 I had heard the term ` Gaslighting ' in reference to mental abuse , so I was very curious ts see the movie which is responsible for this usage . It was brilliantly done - we desperately wanted to save Ingrid Bergman from this sinister tormentor she gets mixed up with . Without any graphic violence , it 's a real spine chiller - they do n't make them like this anymore !
 I absolutely love this movie , I 've seen it many times & still enjoy watching it . Ingrid Bergman is fantastic in it , she really conveys the &#34; insane look &#34; to the audience .
 It held our interest for the complete story . . It held our forthe complete story . iT HELD OUR INTEREST FOR THE COMPLETESTORY .
 Had seen the movie before . Good plot , great actors , and most importantly to me - the good guys win , the bad guy loses , and the good guy gets the girl . I do n't like paying money to see something that behaves like real life - I get that reality for free.If you can find it new elsewhere , you 'll probably get a better buy .
 This is a wonderful classic movie with such an intricate story line . It 's one of my favorites of all time and I 'm so glad to own it now !
 After seeing this movie again recently , I know what the real shortcoming is . It 's simply that the subclimactic scenes are treated with the imposed impact of a climax . In other words , since so much terror is trying to be throttled out of every decisive individual scene , the impact of the climax is let down . If maybe the handling in these vital -- but not climactic -- scenes had implied the terror more subtly , the denouement would have taken on the power of a crescendo , thus making it much more effective ; and thereby , satisfying . Everything I stated below about this picture still goes . -LRB- Except maybe I was a little too harsh on ol' Joe Cotten . They just do n't give him much room to make an impact . -RRB- All told , this is still one of the most terrifying movies ever made , a real masterpiece of atmosphere .
 The reviewer from Auburn , WA gives a fine summary of this film . Although I enjoy watching this movie , it is primarily due to Ingrid Bergman 's performance . The acting overall is good , with tips of the hat to Boyer , Joseph Cotton , and Angela Landsbury ; however , I believe that Bergman really shines . To me , the storyline requires a little bit of a leap of faith , and the `` suspense '' is mild compared to other films of the suspense genre -LRB- e.g.Hitchcock , `` Whatever Happened to Baby Jane ? '' -RRB- . Basically , good acting , but a little short in the script and directing , resulting in a film that falls just shy of the `` classic '' label . If you 're a fan of Ingrid Bergman or the black and white films of the ' 40 ' and ' 50 's , you 'll enjoy this video .
 In `` Gaslight , '' Ingrid Bergman plays a young opera star who finds herself drawn to an older man . That man knows that Ingrid 's mother was a famous opera singer and supposedly hid a fortune in jewels somewhere in the house where mom was killed . Charles Boyer plays this quietly psycho husband who insists they move into the house after their marriage and amazingly methodically drives her to the brink of insanity . This movie is a wonderful choice for anyone who likes suspense and who enjoys a real edge-of-your-seat B&W movie . I highly recommend `` Gaslight . ''
 This American attempt at dramatizing a British suspense classic of the stage nearly comes off with flying colors . Director George Cukor -- typically known for his genteel , stagey , femme-appealing approach -- here exhibits an uncharacteristically dark , superbly visual , chillingly psychological style with an underlying sense of menace , that is highly cinematic ; and , thusly , the most satisfying of his dramatic efforts . Yet it , unfortunately , is undone by it 's over-deliberate and under-realized climax ; a denouement that badly needed to be wound up into a neat , tidy knot , as Hitchcock might have done . Instead , you are left a bit up in the air , not quite satisfied , yearning for that `` WOW ! '' that never quite came . Additionally , one is never quite sure whether Joseph Cotten is miscast or underplaying . Even so , plenty of other compensations abound
 I 've heard the term `` to gaslight '' someone so I thought it was time to watch the film that stuck with people to such an extend that its title became a term for a method of psychological torture.The talent involved in GASLIGHT automatically makes the film a must view . Directed by George Cukor , GASLIGHT brings together two European stars - Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman . Add in Joseph Cotten and an 18-year-old Angela Lansbury in her first film role , and you have quite a cast.GASLIGHT is the ultimate romantic thriller that reminds one of a classic Alfred Hitchcock film even though this is pure George Cukor . Parts of it remind me of REBECCA and another Bergman film NOTORIOUS . The dark foggy city of London sets the stage for this psychological adventure.Though it is slow moving , GASLIGHT shines on the talents of Boyer and Bergman . Bergman 's character , Paula , has fled her Victorian home in London and lives abroad for many years after the murder of her beloved aunt . She meets debonair painist Gregory played by Charles Boyer and they marry and move back to her home in London.The perfect love story soon begins to unfold as Gregory begins to `` gaslight '' Paula into thinking she is losing her mind . Feeding her misinformation , Gregory leads Paula into thinking she is `` forgetting '' and losing control of reality . It is a subtle scenario that goes on for a while and it is not quite clear what Gregory 's extact motives and intentions are . Scotland Yard investigator Brian , played by Joseph Cotten , begins to suspect a sinister meaning to Paula 's housebound situation.GASLIGHT is lacking in a lot of areas . The story is slow . The setting is dark and dreary but both Boyer and Bergman shine in their roles . Their facial expressions and their delightful accents add charm to the film . Angela Lansbury as the cockney maid is a far cry from her role as Jessica Flecther in MURDER SHE WROTE . The value of this film is seeing several great actors in their prime .
 I got a bundle of cheap movies this was one of them.I like to watch some oldies , which is why i got it.I was not disappointed with this as it realy kept me guessing right through it.As much twists and turns as an Alfred Hitchcock movie.Ingrid Bergman plays the part of the wife of an evil husband -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- , who tried to make her think she was insane.Interesting plot , and at times a little spooky as she kept hearing noises in the roof.I like movie like that , and modern movies never give me the chills as some of the oldies do .
 This is THE version of `` Gaslight '' . Forget any pretenders , including the British version . Ingrid Bergman is at her best as the mystified woman who thinks she 's going mad , little realizing that it 's her husband that 's trying to run her ` round the bend . And Charles Boyer is at his silken meanest as the husband who is slowly but surely causing his fragile wife to doubt her own sanity ! And look for a very young Angela Landsbury -LRB- she was seventeen -RRB- as the sluttish Nancy , the chambermaid . She brings a note of quiet meanness to the part and plays it like a seasoned pro !
 This is one of our favorite Ingrid Bergman movies . We watch it every so often when there is nothing on TV . It is a shame that movies today are not made more like the old classic movies . The movies today are nothing but sex and bad language .
 There are already over twenty reviews of this movie at this site , but I had to put my two cents worth in.Gaslight is the earliest of Bergman 's works I have seen.We know from studies on facial expression and nonverbal communication that the face is difficult to read because of the rapidity of movement of the many features of the face ... eyes , mouth , checks , chin . But I swear , watching this film makes me believe that Bergman could command the movement of her hair folicles and skin pores . There are facial movements in this film that absolutely can not be seen with the naked eye . It appears that she has not moved a muscle yet she has conveyed a powerful emotion.That 's why Bergman must be in the top ten actresses of all times.The story was good , but watching Ingrid was superb !
 I would highly recommend this film to anyone . It has a lot of drama and suspense in it , and is very entertaining .
 It is truly incredible that it has taken so long to get this film onto a DVD . We can only hope that the edition will do justice to this great film , easily in my personal top 10 of all time . It should have a commentary track , cast background , any outtakes , a documentary on earlier versions of the film , and the subsequent history of this version -- something like that . It really deserves a first class treatment . Ingrid Bergman is stunningly beautiful and palpably anguished as the slowly-crumbling Paula . Charles Boyer is consummately dark and evil as the insidious husband . Angela Lansbury is the tasty tart of an upstairs maid . Joseph Cotten is suitably efficient and ardent as the heroic rescuer . No words can describe the atmosphere of this movie , the gem-like quality of the images , the nauseating effect of the heroine being driven mad ... . Ah ... think I 'll pull out the VHS and savor it again -- why wait until February !!!
 This is a favorite of mine , and it just gets better with each watching . The acting is subtle , restrained , and perfect for the mood of the film . I grow to enjoy the sets and lighting with each viewing -- simply masterful . So WHY ON EARTH IS N'T THIS BRILLIANT FILM OUT ON DVD ? That is a true shame . This movie deserves to live forever and be enjoyed by generations to come as a perfect example of psychological suspense done correctly .
 Cukor 's GASLIGHT has been thought of as an anomaly in his career , the one fi ; lm of his which might honestly been mistaken for a Hitchcock thriller.Perhaps some of this confusion is set off by the presence of Bergman , one of Hitchcock 's favorite actresses -LRB- `` It 's only a movie , Ingrid '' -RRB- together with Joseph Cotten , with whom Hitchcock teamed Bergman in the later UNDER CAPRICORN . The `` one word title '' of GASLIGHT is also reminiscent of how many one word titles Hitchcock employed over the years . Cotten and Bergman -LRB- as well as Hitchcock -RRB- were contracted to the former MGM head of production David O Selznick , who was making SINCE YOU WENT AWAY -LRB- also with Joseph Cotten -RRB- at the same time that Cukor was shooting GASLIGHT , so that Cotten was available to him only in the evenings.For an MGM release in 1944 GASLIGHT is oddly bereft of MGM stars ! Angela Lansbury made her debut here , but where are the other MGM notables ? We know that during the war many of MGM 's leading men were tied up in the service , but were there many MGM releases in 1944 in which none of the three leading players were under studio contract ? I do n't think so ! This is definitely an odd duck among MGM 's wartime films.We have also long known that this was a remake of an older British film made by the esteemed director Thorold Dickinson , and some have cattily assumed that Cukor stole all of Dickinson 's directorial flourishes in a paint by numbers Gus Van Sant does Psycho kind of carbon copy of the original . This DVD shows us both films side by side , and at last we can all judge for ourselves . I like Diana Wynyard , who 's very good in the Dickinson GASLIGHT-she has a very different style than Bergman , but both are quite effective . Is n't the time ripe for a full scale Wynyard revival ? Let 's see her make a comeback via DVD!Paula , the name of Ingrid Bergman 's character , is a favorite name of Cukor 's . Viewers will recall that the young society girl caught up in a destructive affair with drunken rouse John Barrymore in DINNER AT EIGHT was also called `` Paula . '' And later on in life , perhaps , this fondness would explain why Cukor allowed Paula Strasberg onto the set of the film SOMETHING 'S GOT TO GIVE , to coach the insecure Marilyn Monroe , with Cukor 's compliance .
 I do n't often watch the oldies , but a while ago , I was intrigued with a term a group of women friends used - `` gaslighting '' - in reference to men who play mind games with women to cover their womanizing and their lies . When I asked for an explanation , I was directed to watch this movie for the origins of the term.In this 1944 version of a British melodrama originating in 1939 , directed by George Cukor , Ingrid Bergman stars as a young woman being slowly driven to madness by the mind games played upon her by her deceiving husband , played by Charles Boyer . The man she loves is not who he appears to be . To cover his deceptions , he slowly drives Bergman into psychological torment by first drawing her closer to him with loving behavior , then , just as she begins to feel some degree of happiness , suddenly and inexplicably pushing her away again , accusing her of lies or unsound judgment to cover his own dark nature . She loves him , and desperately tries to be ever more loving to him , but no matter how she tries to appease his moods , is never able to satisfy him . A once sane and strong person has gradually been reduced to an anxiety-ridden , trembling woman who no longer knows up from down . When he blatantly flirts with the housemaid -LRB- a shallow and silly female only too eager to see the better woman so humiliated but quickly falling under his mind control , too -RRB- in front of her , Bergman tearfully asks why he must so humiliate her , and he angrily accuses her of being too sensitive , of imagining things , even while demeaning her to his woman friends behind her back , strengthening the illusion that she is a lunatic whose judgment can not be trusted . He is , in fact , married to another and having an affair with the housemaid , but Bergman can not see his lies for the torment of her own confused mind . She begins to question her own judgment , her own senses , what should be obvious to her or anyone , but what he has convinced her is the deterioration of her sanity . She has already had one nervous breakdown and is fast heading for another . Even as she tries to please her husband , he spirals into anger should she ever question his behavior , throwing the blame back on her , stonewalling her as she begs for his `` forgiveness '' for questioning him.One almost starts to feel a little nuts just watching this process . The suspense builds as at last an outsider to this psychological torment , a Scotland Yard detective played by Joseph Cotten , comes to Bergman 's aid , finally convincing her that she 's not mad , that the man she loves is not only a liar and a womanizer , but also a murderer and thief . She nearly succumbs to her husband 's mind games yet again , fearing his anger , but a climactic scene brings sweet satisfaction along with psychological freedom at long last.I may just change my mind about watching the occasional oldie but goodie . For all the melodrama and stiffness of acting in old movies , the stories of human nature can be just as real and relevant today . And it is always fascinating to trace back the route of a phrase still used today to describe questionable behavior in contemporary relationships .
 This lavish , eerie remake of the 1941 British psychological thriller is worthy of its predecessor thanks to the wily interventions of MGM head Louis B. Mayer , who oversaw the production . Bergman is a vision of luminous grace and beauty , but fragile , too , as a deeply troubled socialite who finally receives help from Joseph Cotten 's detective . Anton , a schemer who 's wed Paula for ulterior motives , is played with sinister aplomb by Boyer . Of course , one of the great pleasures of this Gothic melodrama is watching the tart-tongued debut of Angela Lansbury , playing Boyer 's flinty , flirtatious young maid . `` Gaslight '' is a petulant puzzler with a chilling climax .
 and I really enjoyed it ! `` Gaslight '' is a suspense thriller with a Hitchcock eeriness to it - I was hooked . I felt as though I was being driven out of my own mind just watching Charles Boyer cunningly captivate Ingrid Bergman and manipulate her thoughts and emotions . I was burning with fury as he was so agrivatingly sly , and so subtle . Meanwhile , Bergman was perfect at playing the downslide from independence to vulnerable destruction . What was great about it was the two were believable as husband and wife - there was a sexual tone and moments of redemption on Boyer 's part that complicated my sympathies . It 's films like this that make you question your own sanity just a little as you realize how blurred the line is between what you think you know and do n't know at all ... Angela Lansbury was also a real surprise , playing a brilliantly cheerful maid who manages to brighten this otherwise chilling drama . Excellent entertainment , my mother and I were hooked . If you like Hitchcock-style thrillers , this one is for you !
 Young Paula Alquist witnesses the murder of her Aunt Alice , a world-reknowned opera singer , in her own house . On the advice of family and friends , Paula moves out of the country , to live with a family friend . After many years , she falls in love with Gregory Anton , and he convinces her to move back into her Aunt 's house . Nothign has changed since she left 10 years ago , but Gregoy persuades her to remove her Aunt 's belongings in order to keep those painful memories at bay . Soon after moving in , though , strange things start to happen . The gaslights mysteriously dim each night , followed by strange noises coming from the closed off upper floor . Paula begins to lose and to misplace things , convinced by Gregory that she must rest or the strain would get to her . On one of their few outings , for she is somewhat unstable around the outside world , a strange recognizes her and soon discovers that things are not as they seem and that her husband maybe up to something involving her Aunt 's hidden jewels which have never been found.Director George Cukor presents a remarkably thrilling film , with superb acting from Ingrid Bergman -LRB- in an Oscar-winning performance -RRB- as Paula Alquist , Chalres Boyer as her mysterious husband Gregory Anton , Joseph Cotten as Inspector Brian Cameron , and Angela Lansbury in her first screen role as the maid Nancy Oliver . The captivating story of a woman struggling to maintain her sanity is marvelously portrayed on-screen . Bergman fills her character with enough frayed nerves and self-doubt that you feel right along with her . Boyer is both menacing and debonair and gives off just the right amount of malice to make you bite your nails as you watch the film.This is a first-rate thriller that will keep you glued to the screen !
 I 've loved Gaslight since I first saw it 15 years ago , and recently ordered it from a video company in Britain . THough I ordered the Hollywood version , it was unavailable and they sent the British version instead . Interesting , but almost completely lacking in the psychological drama and suspense of the Bergman/Boyer version , mostly because from the very start , it 's made clear that the husband is lying to his wife about all the disappearances . So this is one time Hollywood got it right -- Bergman and Boyer bring a tension to the film that sizzles off the screen and Lansbury is wonderfully devious in her film debut . A must see !
 Charles Boyer made the peak work of his career , performing the role of a handsome gentleman who marries with Ingrid Bergman with the intention of empowering her around her doe . The claustrophobic atmosphere and the spelling script make of this film a genuine gem and the masterpiece of George Cukor far beyond to me , A star is born . Two Academy Awards for this move
 Gaslight is as modern as today . It is a primer on domestic violence and emotional abuse . Charles Boyer uses his charms to ensnare and marry a talented and beautiful woman and gradually destroy her sanity and sense of self . While the action takes place in 19th century London , and the actors are 20th century stars -- Boyer , Ingrid Bergman , Joseph Cotton and Angela Lansbury -- the characters are timeless . Ingrid Bergman is the lovely young woman who inherits from her opera diva aunt a London town house with a secret . Charles Boyer is the suave and handsome musician who insinuates himself into her life and isolates her from all other influences . Jospher Cotton plays the role of the outsider who comes to the rescue of a woman in peril and Lansbury is a sly cockney maid in one of her best early performances . Anyone who has ever been in or near a domestic violence situation will recognize the tactics of the abuser . Isolating the victim and then destablizing her sense of reality as a means of terrorizing her and acheiving total control . A fabulous movie and worth seeing again and again . The best scene is the last -- when Bergman is at her most pwerful and stunning as an actress and woman .
 A Unique Movie In Western CinematographyThe movie `` Gaslight '' is a superb rendition of the shakespearean battle of wills -LRB- superbly reminiscent of King Lear and his madness , his poignant foibles -RRB- . The very name of the movie evokes a symbolic meaning -LRB- something tender and vulnerable like a flame in danger of extinction , just like the happiness of a young girl or the soul of a lady . . or the Spirit of Culture -RRB- . This movie is completely TIMELESS as far as the recording of the essentials of the Western-European spirituality is concerned . A Frenchmen Boyer pitted against a Nordic diva Bergman , defended from the distance by the knightly Cotten and seemingly oddly egged-on by Lady Whitty -LRB- all of whom were creme-of-the-crop thespians from the Walhalla of Western acting -RRB- . It is as much a battle between intellectual wills as an abysmal struggle with inner daemons lurking in the soul 's chasm.The powerful but devious battle of wills between the chief protagonists is ingenuously interleaved within the storyline . The movie plot is supremely depicted within the appropriate foggy/sunny dichotomy of the classical London existence from the heyday of Victorian Western Culture period - and deserves nothing but our awe and our gratitude rooted in our appreciation for the historical value of this cinematic composition.The movie plot is dynamic through-and-through , loaded with subtle detail easily overlooked by the casual watcher , but available to the perceptive one for a fuller experience . The engine of this dynamic
 A movie so striking that its title has become a byword ! Charles Boyer develops his portrait of evil smoothly , and with twists that lead the viewer to wonder how far he might go . Ingrid Bergman shrinks in upon herself , becoming more and more helpless and lost , but she never quite loses that vital spark . The lighting develops an ominous atmosphere , between the gloom of the old mansion and the spooky London fog . The contrast with the bright lights and glittering guests at the big society party underlines the isolation and madness of Bergman 's situation . Joseph Cotten is aloof , yet passionate . Angela Lansbury -LRB- only 18 ! -RRB- provides a dash of spice , and Dame Mae Witty is welcome comic relief . A terrific movie , and it holds up very well .
 I bought this Movie for my mother-in-law . She was always talking about what a great movie it was and was thrilled to recieve it as a gift . I watched it with her the first time she watched the dvd . It is a great classic movie .
 At the beginning we see Paula Alquist -LRB- Ingrid Bergman -RRB- in her singing lessons . She has fallen in love . Unfortunately for her , her lover , Gregory Anton -LRB- Charles Boyer -RRB- , wants to move to London , the very place that Paula 's aunt was murdered.She loves him enough to tell him that her aunt left her a house in London . Soon after , they get married and move there . Unfortunately for her , he 's not as he once seemed.SPOILERS AHEAD !! : We see Paula getting driven mad by her husband . She does not leave the house , she does not have any friends . The best part about this film was that everything was done so gradually and the husband acted in such a way that Paula did n't even realise what was happening.What is Paula 's husband after?An impressive film .8 / 10
 Great suspense thriller with incredible acting from Ingrid Bergman an Josephe Cotton . Also , a very young Angela Lansbury steals the show -LRB- Oscar for supporting role -RRB- . You will not be disappointed and a great add for any fan of film .
 I was happy to get the movie on time with no scratches . It was exactly like the seller described . I love old movies and Gaslight has been one of my favorites
 a few weeks before her birthday , we played a game of Scene-It and the answer to many of the questions was Gaslight . toward the end , the teenager had a question and just answered Gaslight , because it had been the answer to so many of the questions . She won the game by guessing that . So Gaslight has become a joke when the young woman is around . We gave this to her for her birthday .
 Fantastic film I recommend for everyone . It was so entertaining and Ingrid deserved her award . Loved the costumes and the class of the entire cast . Angela was as cute as a button !
 An old favorite , love a little mystery & suspense without bad language , politics or sexy scenes . I like taking-in all of the movie , the costumes , big old houses , etc. . I watch movies for entertainment .
 A young women inherits her aunt 's house . Soon after they move in , her new husband starts making trips outside the home . Strange things start happening in the home ... a picture has been removed , lamps seem to flicker with more or less light ; Husband asks , &#34; Did n't YOU remove the picture ? &#34; , and the wife answers , &#34; I do n't remember removing the picture . What 's happening to me ? &#34;
 Sci-fi , anmie fans will like this one . The story , special effects , action , characters will not disappoint !! Give it a go !
 David Carradine did a solid job , but some of the supporting actors were poor to fair . I did ' t even notice Stalone . It was great for watching the cars though , and even gave me some feelings of nostalgia , with so many ' 60 's and ' 70 's cars . Early on there was a gorgeous DeTomaso Pantera making some nice sounds . Lots of almost constant driving , some crashes , and a criminal subplot -LRB- which was no big deal -RRB- . If you love cars , look for a low price , and I think you 'll have some fun .
 I loved Cannonball ! One of those fun , forgotten drive-in flicks that Blue Underground has taken it upon themselves to release . Hopefully this will find an audience for those curious about David Carradine after his renewed fame with Kill Bill . Cannonball is likely to get confused with Burt Reynold 's Cannonball Run films . It 's easy to see why coz both deal with an illegal cross country race with a group of eccentric characters all hell bent on the grand prize . But remember , Cannonball came first ! Directed by Paul Bartel who did Death Race 2000 , also starring Carradine and Mary Woronov . Not quite as violent and outrageous as Death Race , but just as good , maybe a teeny bit better . It goes a little more towards action than comedy , but it 's got it 's funny moments for sure . Many of these moments come from a country singer played by Gerrit Graham -LRB- who played `` Beef '' in Phantom Of The Paradise -RRB- who ca n't seem to make it through a song without getting hit by either another car or his own driver.Lots of good cameos , but they 'll only be recognizable to film buffs . Small roles by Joe Dante -LRB- director of Gremlins and The Howling -RRB- , Martin Scorsese -LRB- needs no intro -RRB- , Sly Stallone -LRB- no intro either -RRB- , and even Don Simpson of Bruckheimer/Simpson fame . Good to know he did a cool film before churning out the crap he did later . And of course a supporting role from Dick Miller . Who ca n't love Dick Miller ? If you do n't know who Dick Miller is , slap yourself a few times , and Shame On You ! Even Carradine 's younger brother , Robert `` Louis Skolnick '' Carradine has a role . Very good film if you 're a fan of this golden era of exploitation films that they just do n't make anymore . The dvd includes an interview with Carradine , Woronov and Roger Corman . It 's interesting to hear their thoughts all these years later . They all seem to be happy with it . David , while saying he enjoyed making the film , was a bit disappointed with the final product . I 'm cetainly not , and hopefully you wo n't be either .
 I 'll admit it , I 've always been a sucker for movies with spectacular car chase sequences , one of my favorites being Bullitt -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , with Steve McQueen , and then there 's always The French Connection -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . The last , few , more recent ones worth looking into can be found in Ronin -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and The Bourne Identity -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ... that being said , the prospect of an entire film based on car chases seems pretty far-fetched , but it 's been done , and done well , in H.B. Halicki 's Gone in 60 Seconds -LRB- 1974 -RRB- ... the acting amateurish , the plot vague and murky , but the car sequences are amazing . The idea was later expanded to focus on a trans-continental race in The Gumball Rally -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , and also Cannonball ! , released the same year . The concept then morphed into something quite odious in The Cannonball Run -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , which begat the even worse Cannonball Run II -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , which begat the even worse Speedzone ! -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , which was also known as Cannonball Run III ... if anyone deserves credit for driving the concept into the ground -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , we can all blame Hal Needham , stuntman turned writer/director , responsible for Cannonball Run and its ' dismal sequel , and if that 's not enough to turn your stomach , know he 's also the one responsible for the cinematic nightmare known as Stroker Ace -LRB- 1983 -RRB- ... it would take years for Burt Reynolds career to recover from the Needham Effect , finally appearing in Paul Thomas Anderson 's Boogie Nights -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . Anyway , Cannonball ! -LRB- yes , there was originally an exclamation point included in the title , although it seems to have been dropped on the Amazon and by Blue Underground , the company that released this DVD -RRB- , was co-written by Paul Bartel -LRB- Death Race 2000 , Eating Raoul -RRB- and Don Simpson , who later became the uber-producer for such films as Flashdance , Beverly Hills Cop , Days of Thunder , and The Rock , to name a few . The film stars David Carradine -LRB- Kill Bill
 I love this movie . I hav n't seen the new DVD version yet , but I rented this movie on VHS a wile ago and I just remember it being full of action , humor , and suspence . I love David Carridene . If you liked Death Race 2000 or just love David Carridene you should get this movie .
 Cannonball is one of my Favorite dvds 70s movies , I love this movie , I 've watched it much , you will love it too , give it a try : -RRB-
 This is by far one of the great car chase movies of all time . And by my count , not many people were able to notice it . Cannonball , the apparent precursor to the comedy movie series `` Cannonball Run '' stars young David Carridine as Coy `` Cannonball '' Buckman as he embarks on an illegal trans american race to bring his racing career back . This film has great chase sequences and a good story to back itself up . Cannonball is the perfect popcorn film for any gearhead or action fan . Granted it was made in the 70 's and has those 70 's style moments , it still is a top-notch car film on par with the classics like `` Gone In 60 Seconds '' and `` Vanishing Point '' . Buy this movie .
 After a sucess inDeath Race 2000 - Special EditionDavid Carradine returns in a modernday cross-country race from Santa Monica Pier to New York City , it opens with a grim dream sequence . David and another former racecar driver are in a duel to win to earn a spot on the Modern Motors Race Team , Davie as Coy ` Cannonball ' Buckman drives a Pontiac Trans Am while his rival has a Dodge Charger , Coy eventually has a Mustang which made me think of the Mustang vs. Charger battle inBullittwhich ends up the same way.There is a van full of women -LRB- one of the gals was also in Deathrace -RRB- a Corvette -LRB- driven by David 's real-life brother -RRB- a Pantera , a borrowed Lincoln . Also , Coy has a friend driving an identical Pontiac . A guy flys his Chevy Blazer to New York in an attempt to win the $ 100,000 . Coy 's brother bets on Coy to win.At one point David get to show hisKung Fu
 Recently I saw Quentin Tarantino 's DEATH PROOF and I was disappointed at what a waste of time it was . Lame dialogue , chick power posturing , long stretches of nothing.CANNONBALL is one of the movies DEATH PROOF was shooting for.It 's on cable right now and I 'm struck by how many people were actually in this film . David Carradine , Veronica Hamel , Bill McKinney -LRB- forever famous as the deranged hillbilly rapist from DELIVERANCE -RRB- , Mary Woronov , Gerrit Graham -LRB- so funny in USED CARS -RRB- , Robert Carradine , Belinda Balaski from THE HOWLING , Sylvester Stallone , Dick Miller , Martin Scorsese -LRB- yes , you read that right -RRB- , Paul Bartel -LRB- also the director -RRB- , Carl Gottlieb -LRB- JAWS -RRB- ... quite a line-up for a 70s drive-in movie!And the cars are awesome .
 this movie is great not only great cars and crashes but also humor and lots of classic cars of the 70 's david cariden is fantastic in this as in deathrace 2000 this movie has an early sceane of time square back in the 70 's which makes one see how so muched as changed it was not as crowded back then as now it is a long winding movie but is entertaining a butt load of fun
 David carradine is awsome in this movie . For car guys this is the movie to own . Before cannonball run there was just cannonball . This movie just sets it off a must buy .
 Hoosiers is one of the best films every made , sports , drama , love story or whatever genre you want to categorize it under . This film is not just about basketball it offers so much more . It 's about father and sons , mothers and daughters , second chances in life , overcoming adversity , forgiveness and a team who comes together to achieve the ultimate goal of winning a state championship . Gene Hackman is incredible as Coach Norman Dale and Dennis Hopper is genius as shooter . I do n't know who won the best supporting actor award in 1986 but it must have been one of the all time great performances to beat out Dennis Hopper in his role as the town drunk and basketball guru.I know there are many people who do n't like sports movies because they feel they are not realistic . Although this movie is based on a true story , for Hollywood sake they had to change numerous facts , but who cares . You can scrutinize almost every movie made and make claims that something in the film is not realistic . I never understood why sports films are held to this standard . The scene in the locker room prior to the State Championship is unforgettable and inspirational . I have seen this movie many times and I still enjoy it like I was watching the film for the first time . In fact every time I watch this film , I take something new from it that I can apply and use in everyday life . The score is second to none and from the opening scene of Coach Dale driving through the farmland of Indiana the music grabs hold of you and sets the tone for the rest of the film . I would recommend this film to all people and not just basketball fans . Do n't let the critics convince you Hoosiers is just another sports movie because it really has a lot to offer .
 Please describe the audion and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review . Thanks to those who do this.The video quality was disappointing . Some scenes were very good , while others were grainy . It varied from 5.0 to 8.5 on a 10 point scale , and I have never rated a Blu-Ray at less than 4.0 . The DTS-HD 5.1 Master Audio was adequate for the movie . I did n't notice much surround sound , and no sub-woofer bass.The movie itself was pretty good .
 Every now and then , a small ` David vs. Goliath ' film touches the hearts and souls of an entire generation of people . Hoosiers -LRB- 1986 -RRB- was that film for me and the rest of my Gen-X brethren . I remember going to a packed movie theater in the Fall of 1986 , when I was 13 years old , and falling completely in love with Gene Hackman , Dennis Hopper and Barbara Hershey as actors . Coach Norman Dale , as played by Hackman , left me feeling completely inspired to conquer my own sport of swimming with my newly found belief that ` anything ' was possible if I could dream it up and work hard enough for it . Hoosiers is a feel good family film that always delivers emotionally ... and I never tire of watching it again and feeling those same emotions I felt as a 13-year old boy . My 14-year old cousin Drew wanted to review the film , and it was so great to see that nearly 25 years later , the film is still finding its audience.When Hoosiers came out , I had seen Gene Hackman in Superman -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and Superman II -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , but he played a wacky and comedic villain in those movies . It was Hoosiers that sparked Hackman 's dramatic acting career back into mainstream Hollywood as well as into my psyche as a serious actor . Same with Dennis Hopper . I 've followed all of Hackman 's movies ever since Hoosiers and he remains to this day one of my favorite actors . He stars in no less than seven of my Top 100 movies of all time , including
 It does n't get more sappy than when one character in this movie says , `` Let 's win this one for all the small schools who never had a chance to get here . '' But what of it ? I am feeling mighty sentimental today , just the right mood to be in when talking about HOOSIERS , my favorite basketball movie right up until WHITE MEN CA N'T JUMP came along . HOOSIERS is one of those movies that , whenever it comes across the television set , I 'm compelled to stop and watch the thing There 's a reason HOOSIERS placed fourth in the AFI 's list of all-time best sports movies.The story is based on real life events , tweaked for better viewing consumption . Instead of 1954 , the film is set in 1951 in the fictional town of Hickory , Indiana . If you 're any sort of basketball enthusiast , then you 're already clued in that Indiana absolutely reveres its basketball , treats it like religion . Somewhere in Indiana , there 's probably an altar dedicated to Steve Alford . Gene Hackman has one of his most ferocious and best ever roles in the highly volatile former college basketball coach Normal Dale . Down to his last chance , Coach Dale drives up to basketball-mad Hickory in 1951 and right away shifts the status quo with his ornery ways -LRB- some say , big city ways -RRB- . Hickory is a tiny town , the high school basketball team comprising only six players and so we immediately regard the Hickory Huskers as extreme long shots.Everything works with this movie , everything . The story is warm and humorous . The acting is marvelous from Hackman on down . Dennis Hopper as the town drunk who becomes the reluctant assistant coach gets nominated for an Oscar . In a slow burn romance , Barbara Hershey plays the frosty schoolteacher whom Hackman eventually charms -LRB- or wears down , anyway -RRB- . Maris Valainis - who was never much heard from again after this - breathes life and even this mythical aura into Jimmy Chitwood , the boy with few words and the supremely sweet shot . HOOSIERS is a shot of nostalgia , and because it evokes a more innocent era , it could get away with the sentimental stuff . It 's cliched now , but those shots of the town faithfully traveling on the road with the team , that was really good.And perhaps no one moment defines this underdog feel so much as that one which had Ollie , the littlest guy on the team , sinking those two charity shots or , as I like to call it , the Sasha Vujajic Game 7 moment . It 's set in stone that the Hickory Huskers will somehow reach the championship game , no surprises there . But the movie is so good at manipulating you that you ca n't help but get revved up when it all comes down to that last shot for the win , but even before that when , in that tense time out huddle , Jimmy Chitwood looks at the coach and calmly tells him
 Since I am making an assumption that you have already seen the movie if you are going to purchase the DVD , I will only present a summary of the work itself , and focus the review more on the DVD edition.Before the glut of formulated sports movies , before they became so predictable , the remarkable movie `` Hoosiers '' premiered in 1986 . Without question , this family friendly story of hope and redemption proved that a movie can have a happy ending and still contain a good story enshrouded in talent.For fans of the movie like me , the 20th anniversary DVD was a great buy . The DVD contains outtakes that tie loose pieces of the movie together , such as the strange number of players in the film , the volatility of Coach Dale is fully explored in the outtakes . There is a director 's cut , which , among many other things , explains that the movie was filemd on a low budget with not so many perfect autumn days , etc. . . There is also full length footage of the actual team the story is based on , as well as a description of the real story of the team . It comes in a two disc set . I highly recommend buying it .
 As I have a daughter who played division one , women 's college basketball , I confess to being a big fan of the game . I love hoop films , so I jumped at the opportunity to watch this one , having heard that it is a great film . Well for once , the word out on the street is on the money.This is a superlative film , beautifully directed by David Anspaugh , about a great basketball coach whose initial coaching career was derailed by his Achilles heel . It is a story about the effect that one can have on the lives of others . It is a story about being given a second chance . It is a story about hope . It is a story about redemption . It is a story about community . It is a story about overcoming all odds . Quite simply , it is a film that will not fail to capture the viewer , heart and soul.The setting for the film is the nineteen fifties and appears to be based upon a true story . Coach Norman Dale -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- has a skeleton in his closet and is given a second chance at coaching . Buried deep in the cornfields of Indiana is the small town of Hickory , which has a very small high school with a basketball team called the Hickory Hucksters . Coach Dale takes this team and tries to ensure that the players are all grounded in the fundamentals of the game , as their idea of basketball had been just to point and shoot . He wants to make it a team of which all can be proud . His hardline approach meets some initial resistance that causes his best player to leave the team , but even he eventually returns to the fold . This is not , however , just a film about a basketball team 's struggle to make it to the state championship.This being a small town , Coach Dale , as an outsider , runs into some small town politics that threaten to run him out of town . Cooler heads prevail , and he is given his chance to be all he can be . While what he does with the team is remarkable , it is his interaction with others in the town that is even more so . He begins a relationship with the high school 's assistant principal , Myra Fleener -LRB- Barbara Hershey -RRB- , and brings some passion into her otherwise lackluster existence . He takes Wilbur ` Shooter ' Flatch -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- , the town drunk and estranged father to one of the team 's key players , under his wing and gives him a new lease on life . Along the way , Coach Dale even manages to give the town a basketball team of which it can be proud . He and the team put the town on the map . How they do it is the crux of the movie.Gene Hackman is simply sensational as the coach , a man who wants his life back and is given a second chance to grab for the brass ring . He infuses his character with a toughness and , simultaneously , a tenderness that makes him three dimensional . Dennis Hopper gives a truly remarkable performance as the drunk who finds his way out of the bottle long enough to take stock of himself . When Coach Hackman , seeing that he has a lot of knowledge of basketball , extends him a helping hand and affords him an opportunity to regain his self-respect and repair his relationship with his son , he responds in a way he had never thought possible . Hopper gives a performance of a lifetime , infusing his character with just the right amount of pathos , vulnerability , and hope . His is truly a bravura performance . Barbara Hershey , as always , gives an excellent performance , impressing upon the viewer the internal conflicts with which her character is struggling . The rest of the supporting cast contribute with fine performances , as well .
 The reason that this movie appealed to a broader base audience is because it is about more than just putting the ball in the hoop . It brings to life the humanities and shows how important sports is philosophically and societally . It teaches discipline and sacrifice and brings out the best and the worst in players and spectators alike . I was raised in Anderson , IN and believe me when I tell you that this movie accurately captures the mania of small town ball that still exists . Back then , when they were the only game in town , teams like this were a community obsession . James Dean played on a Championship Team much like the one depicted in this movie .
 I would be very surprised if not every Hoosier saw this movie . This movie makes me proud to be a Hoosier !!! This movie portrays what Indiana basketball used to be -LRB- before class basketball was instated . . which IMO . . an awful mistake -RRB- . This movie is fun to watch cause it 's fun to recognize some of the schools that they played . This movie shows the rest of the country and the world just how CRAZY we are about basketball . This is a basketball state . . plain and simple . I 'm 23 years old and even when I was in high school ... going to the games was so much fun . One year , the girls won the sectional and we cancelled the last two periods of class to have a dance and watch the game in the cafeteria . They do n't call it `` Hoosier Hysteria '' for nothing.Everytime this movie comes on , you ca n't help but sit down and watch it . It 's touching and heartwarming.I recommend it to anyone !!!
 This is a great movie ! It especially hits close to home because I am from southern Indiana and I knew some of the towns discussed in the film . As a side note , this is very loosely based on a true story . There was a small town that one the state championship in 1954 and the name of the school was Milan . Also I heard during the filming of the show as a joke Gene Hackman threw a chair onto the court during rehearsal to imitate the famous incident by Bobby Knight . The show epitomizes what Indiana is about and that is basketball . If you ever live there you will qickly discover how important high school basketball is to everyone . This movie captures that atmosphere very well . It 's an optimistic movie that may get you misty eyed at times and will leave you cheering .
 Unless you hate basketball , teenagers , Gene Hackman , or Indiana , it 's impossible not to fall for this movie . It 's one of the best feel-good movies ever made . We 've got David vs. Goliath -LRB- the winning school only has about 65 kids in it -RRB- ; loyalty galore , especially with the star player refusing to play at first out of mistaken respect for the dead coach who preceded Hackman ; an almost reformed alcoholic in Dennis Hopper with great basketball brains despite the fatal flaw ; a little romance with Hackman and another teacher ; and mystery -LRB- Hackman has a clouded past -RRB- . What more could you want ? The picture plays to our simplest emotions , and when it 's over we cheer like crazy . Who cares if we 've been had .
 All professional athletes and coaches should have to watch this movie . It is about the triumph of a team that works together exhaustively to achieve an unachieveable goal . Gene Hackman soars in his most likeable role . Dennis Hopper is nothing short of miraculous in his supporting role , as the alcoholic father of one of the players who moonlights as the towns basketball history nerd . Barbara Hershey is quietly effective as the coach 's love interest and the whole cast functions as a complete unit , much like the team does.In case you have not seen it , this movie is the story of a basketball team that against all odds bands together to shock the Indiana basketball world . And more than that it is about second chances . Coach Norman Dale gets a second chance at coaching after an incident . Shooter -LRB- Hopper -RRB- gets a second chance with his son when he quits drinking , and the town gets a second chance at glory through the success of its basketball team.Even though this is a baskeball movie , it is largely character driven . You care about the characters , and not just the results of the games , which is what makes this gem stay with you long after the buzzer sounds .
 It 's been 25 years since the movie `` Hoosiers '' came out and they still have yet to create a sports movie its equal , in this person 's opinion . Gene Hackman , Barbara Hershey and Dennis Hopper all turn in splendid performances . The setting is middle America in Hickory , Indiana . The storyline plays out with the small school winning the state championship , seemingly against all odds . You ca n't help but get caught up in the emotion . This one 's a keeper . We 'll be talking about this one in another 25 years . I 'm a football fanatic , but this is my all-time favorite sports movie and it 's really not even close .
 Based on a true story , `` Hoosiers '' tells the tale of a rural high school basketball team in the early 1950s led by coach Norman Dale -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- that beats several larger schools en route to winning the Indiana state title . The coach has to overcome the skepticism of the team 's fans as he gets his squad to adopt a new style of play that is ultimately successful.The theme of second chances and redemption runs throughout the movie , as several of the main characters get an opportunity to make amends for past regrets . The cinematography is outstanding , with striking scenes of old gyms and of the Midwestern countryside . Even though you know from the beginning how the story will end , the film manages to remain compelling throughout . `` Hoosiers '' is beloved by basketball fans , maybe even a bit more so by those of us who played small-town high school basketball . It is justly acclaimed as one of the best sports movies ever .
 A movie I almost wish I loved less.It 's hard to argue with a lot of the complaints I 've heard from others ; the film is very Hollywood , with manipulative music , some clunky dialogue , heavy doses of sentimentality , etcBut , as a true story , it earns its happy ending . The story really was almost this dramatic in real life . And the bottom line is it is very effective and affecting film.Gene Hackman and Dennis Hopper are great , and the film is full of lots of nice touches of time , place , and character.In the end I would argue , sometime Hollywood and well-intentioned schmaltz really , really works .
 Basketball and for that matter any sports minded person should have this as part of their collection to show future grand children . It was how high school basketball can be the focal point of any small town . Sure it is corny at times but that was life back then when life seemed a little simpler . I truly believe that this was one of Gene Hackman 's best acting performances .
 have liked this movie for years . Seeing Butler in the title game inspired me to buy it . The case has a basketball feel to it . Couldve bought it on blu-ray but the case sold me . perfect !
 I find myself scratching my head and wondering why I NEVER SAW THIS MOVIE when it came out in 1986 . `` Retro Phoebe '' is enthralled during opening scenes as she witnesses first one , then many classic automobiles cruising Indiana backroads . The action is set in the early 1950s and sets and costuming are very good and authentic . We are intrigued as Norm -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- comes to the small town of Hickory to take on a teaching and basketball coaching position at the high school . As he makes contact with the man who hired him -LRB- Sheb Wooley -RRB- we wonder about his mysterious past and why he has not been teaching or coaching in his recent history but has been a chief pettit officer in the Navy instead . There are many townspeople also curious about this and many including Myra -LRB- Barbara Hershey , assistant principal -RRB- are back-biting and rude to his face . The good people of Hickory are steeped in tradition , isolated , suspicious of outsiders and stuck in the rut of `` our way or no way . '' They do not understand Norm 's methods of tough love for his new team , nor do they see the wisdom of his psychological techniques
 This 1986 film was on TV last night . It sounded familiar to me but I had never seen it . Even though I DVR 'd it , I still had to wade through a whole bunch of commercials that appeared regularly at 15-minute intervals . But it was worth it because Hoosiers is a really good film.The film is set in 1951 when life was simpler and towns were smaller . And this rural Indiana town was so small that they could barely get enough high school students for the basketball team . Gene Hackman is the new coach in town . He 's a little old for the job but he has a past that he wants to forget . Barbara Hersey is a teacher who distrusts Hackman . Eventually , though , they do fall in love . Another great role is by Dennis Hopper , the town drunk who Hackman forces to become an assistant coach.At first the men in the town all hate Hackman , but as the team starts to win , he wins them over . The ending is inevitable.This is a `` feel good '' film . It 's also predictable . But sometimes this just does n't matter . I enjoyed the film and thought the performances were great .
 During a time when we are undergoing a time of marked societal upheaval in which it seems that a few bad people will make the many good people pay with an all out attack on all that is traditionally American , it is refreshing to watch a movie about the heartland at its best . In this most inspiring of movies , Gene Hackman plays a down and out basketball coach who arrives in an austere little community that is held together in large part by a common love of basketball.During the film 's progression , we watch as the full range of human emotion unfolds . It is a story about true `` family values '' -LRB- as opposed to the cheap kind some politicians , especially on the right , demagogue continously -RRB- . The values of courage , determination , perserverance , love , compassion , and loyalty are presented beautifully throughout this film with not a trace of preachiness . If you are looking for Cameron Diaz 's oh so very cute hair , or a machine gun bloodbath , skip this one and tune in to any TV channel.If you are looking for true inspirational Americana at its finest , this is the film for you .
 Gene Hackman tells the boys that as they are about to take part in the state championship game at Butler stadium . Basically , he is with them , win or lose.Hackman plays Norman Dale , a last chance basketball coach who was a national title winner in his university coaching days , however , his career ended suddenly . He was in the navy for the last few decades and here is his opportunity to get back into basketball . He comes to the small town of Hickory Indiana with a high school population of 65 students to coach and teach at the school . All the town ever thinks about is basketball . Some are stuck in the failure they had in their youth.Dale has to face the challenge of a lack of respect from the kids , the parents and the whole town . There are glimmers of hope as one kid who walked off the court is brought back by his dad and apologizes . The story is , hey just let him coach . Hickory has only 6 players at the beginning with the best player sitting out basketball for his own reasons . Jimmy is the best player that people have seen in years . Dale acts unimpressed and tells Jimmy that in a one way conversation . His caretaker is played by Barbara Hershey , who is also a teacher in the school who is unfriendly toward Dale from the time he arrives.Dale sticks to his guns and his process of leading his team . Eventually the team starts to get it , but the town has had it with his approach . Just as you think the door is closing , things turn around and Dale gets to continue to lead his team with the best player and finally , the full contingent of players he needs . Although a small school , they go on to beat teams much bigger then they getting them into the championship game.The story has a lot of elements to it , persistence , a clear desire of everyone to be a winner , difference of opinion on how to get there , compassion and even a little love story to broaden the appeal of the movie .
 I often lament about the fact that sports movies in general are repetitive and clich&eacute;d and that there are rarely any truly inspirational and or original attempts at the genre . In fact , aside from ` Friday Night Lights ' I have yet to be truly impressed with a sports movie really . That was all until I saw ` Hoosiers ' last night , a film that I had avoided because of the whole ` sports movie ' stigmata and just really felt it was going to be yet another sappy true story with all the same dynamics as every other sappy true story.I was wrong.Yes , ` Hoosiers ' follows a familiar formula when it comes to telling the story of the Hickory Huskers , and Indiana high school basketball team that rises to greatness under the wing of their new coach Norman Dale . What sets the film apart though are the wonderfully fleshed out characters that add weight and depth to the film . It flows the same as most sports films do , but this film has heart whereas most sports movies do not . The brilliant performances also aid in this regard , adding layers of emotional attachment to the people involved and causing the audience to invest themselves fully into the film.Norman Dale is an ex-college basketball coach who has spent that last ten years in the navy after being fired for punching a player in the face . This single mistake has plagued Dale for years and it still hangs over his head as he attempts to move forward and coach this high school team . The problem is that the town of Hickory is a very emotionally invested town , each and every individual taking a special interest in the basketball team , and so the insertion of new blood sends the town in a frenzy . They immediately attack Dale for his unconventional coaching techniques , and when the team does n't perform too well on the court the town tries to get Dale fired . Still , Dale presses forward , trying his best to move his team in the right direction , and he soon begins to make friends out of a few influential townsfolk , most importantly Jimmy , the towns basketball star who refused to play after his previous coach died.The film , like almost every other sports themed drama , makes a point to be an inspirational and moving film about overcoming obstacles to attain greatness , and in that respect it works much grander than most other films thanks to the wonderful performances by the cast . Gene Hackman -LRB- one of our greatest working actors -RRB- is a joy as Norman Dale , giving his character so much warmth and undeniable charm . He is the outcast , he is the rebel but he is so comfortable and charismatic that you want to rally beside him every step of the way . Barbara Hershey is also wonderful as Myra Fleener , the young teacher who is initially turned off by Dale but soon falls for him . She does a beautiful job of fleshing out her characters real drive and motivations.The real star here is Dennis Hopper , who thankfully earned an Oscar nomination for his performance . He really sinks deep into his character , giving him such a believable arch . As Shooter , the town drunk , Hopper plays on our sympathies , but never leaves us without reason to sympathize . He is n't lazy with his portrayal but really works at building layers around this man.So , if you are a sports fan , or a fan of sports films , then no doubt you 've already seen this film . If you are not a fan of either -LRB- like myself -RRB- then I urge you to consider this one , because it is far from your average clich&eacute; . This movie really has heart and soul , and it really raises the bar for all other sports related dramas to try and reach .
 I found the piece I was looking after trying to download stupid copies from the internet . It is worth ! buying originals from amazon .
 This is a movie I saw many years ago advertised on television but its release in Australia was limited . It is n't available in any format , so it has been excellent to be able to get it on DVD from the USA . A great movie with Hackman in particular playing a great part where despite the odds , the good guy wins . Suitable for any age , with special meaning for basketball fans . Some good action shots , but the story -LRB- based on fact -RRB- is what really gets you . The only minor downside is that there are no `` special '' features on the DVD , but it came from an era when that was not the norm .
 This is a great movie for anyone who loves Basketball .
 This movie is set in Indiania in the 1950s , where basketball is king of everything -LRB- somethings have not changed -RRB- . An unknown coach comes to town to take over the failing team and everyone soon realizes that he is a force to be reckoned with . while combating his own team -LRB- initially -RRB- and the townsfolks -LRB- initially -RRB- he lays down the law , my way or the highway and builds the team into an outstanding group of players and young men . In the face of much adversity the coach keeps pushing , even to the point of employing a drunken town joke as an assistant.Gene Hackman shines as the new coach and Dennis Hopper does a great job as the formally drunken assistant coach . The movie is about reaching your dreams , about having morals , a strong constitution , working together , personal transitions , family , friends and community.It 's an outstanding movie that should be required viewing for everyone , even if you do n't like basketball or sports .
 Gene Hackman & crew give a great performance through out this film.it is more than a Basketball film it is about Triumph on the court & in Life .
 Length :
 What can I say ? It 's a timeless video . The classic &#34; comeback kid &#34; ... err , team , movie . It 's a great movie . Good acting . Well scripted . Just a classic
 As a life-long Indiana resident , it 's required that I love this movie . Indiana high school basketball is a big deal , and this movie commemorates the real-life greatest basketball Cinderella story of all time !
 I used to coach basketball at the small school level for high school . I remember the emotions for the games . I remember the opposing losing coach get mad and through his chair across the court .
 This movie was shot in my home state . Love this movie , but I do n't know why . Maybe it 's because I know some of the actors and background people . This Bluray was a nice surprise and had great extras and commentary track . I ordered it on sale during Holiday shopping season . Got it quickly and in great shape . Thanks !
 I gave this to my husband for Christmas and he was thrilled . He loves these small , but well-crafted films that speak to the best in the human spirit -LRB- and basketball ! -RRB- , so it was a perfect match .
 Wonderful movie !! Heart warming and funny and serious . Great story . I could watch this over and over . This is probably one of my husband 's favorites .
 I have always liked this movie . Saw it on the movie list and decided to rent and watch with a friend who had never seen it . She loved it as much as I do . Will watch again some day . Good acting . Good story .
 One of the best sports movies ever made . A true classic . Need I say more ? If you 've never seen it you 're missing out .
 The speech at the end is the best part . and way better on blu ray !!! this movie is for basketball lovers .
 Great movie and would recommend it to anyone . One of the best sports movies i have ever seen . Get it
 I am a huge sports fan , played through College , went to school on an NCAA Scholarship , and although that does n't qualify as a `` film critic '' , I have lived the life at all levels -LRB- although PRO Ball escaped me after an injury -RRB- . When I watch a `` sports movie '' , I believe I 'm competent to `` make the call '' . When you compare this film to `` Fear Strikes Out '' , `` Ali '' , `` Field Of Dreams '' , `` Brian 's Song '' and `` Rudy '' , it holds up . If you compare it to the aforementioned films , all of them excellent , it is the only one to not just address personal triumphs , but is the only one to show triumphs of a small town , with all it 's wort 's , ideals , feeling of inadequacies , when to compared to the `` monoliths '' of the State . This film is truly an inspiring story for every small town . - It 's David vs. Goliath - and with a single stone , a sling , and a `` can-do '' attitude , accomplish the impossible . The only reason I did n't rate this superbly acted film 5 ***** Stars is that I did n't cry , -LRB- teared up , whimpered -RRB- , but did n't `` bawl like a baby '' -RRB- . There 's a lesson here .
 This is an uplifting movie based on a true story of how a small Indiana town developed a winning basketball team to become State Champions in 1954 . The theme is somewhat blase but the movie brings out the best in people and has that feeling of authenticity.Gene Hackman plays the guy who has a checkered past , but has one more chance as a coach for a small Indiana high school basketball team . He shows grit and tenacity as the town is suspicious of outsiders , especially older ones seeking a new chance.As coach he is bold and tenacious showing leadership and fairness . The boys see this and he even recruits a reclusive but top notch player.Somehow it all comes down to the big Indiana State game . I found all the games exciting.The characters show human sides , and the story is motivating.Stars include Gene Hackman , Dennis Hopper -LRB- as the town drunk -RRB- , Barbara Hershey and David Neidorf .
 I had not seen this movie , but I was so glad that I bought it . It was wonderful !!!!!
 Hoosiers DVDI do n't know how I missed this film when it came out in 1986 . It is a story of a middle-aged basketball coach and his last chance for redemption . It is suppose to be loosely based on a true story -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . Gene Hackman does a great job as the coach with Dennis Hopper as a supporting actor.Of course every body knows that all Indiana boys play basketball , just nail a basket to the side of a barn and start shooting , right ? Unfortunately basketball is more than simply shooting the ball through a goal.The movie is set in Indiana in 1951 , a little before my time as a high school basketball player . It does raise some questions with me such as how much difference can a coach make at the high school level ? Mine made all the difference in the world , but I was fortunate to have Coach Jerry Wayne Shelton . I suspect they can make less of a difference at the colligate level.Highly recommended for any one who played high school basketball.Gunner March 2008
 I am not a basketball fan . I do n't even like the game . What attracted me to this movie was the poster showing a pair of 1950s-looking basketball sneakers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background . I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did . This is one of my all-time favorite movies . It 's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about . Great performances , photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film . One critic called it ` a-stand-up-and-cheer-movie ' and that is exactly what it is . When the opening credits played I just knew this was going to be a great film . Jerry Goldsmith 's music behind the credits showing Gene Hackman traveling across the back roads of mid America is pure Americana . And the final shot of the team photograph on the wall of the empty and silent gymnasium with Hackman 's echoing words put a lump in my throat and a tear in my eye . I suppose there is something endearing to me about our land and the chance for the seemingly unimportant individual to stand together with others against insurmountable odds and accomplish a noble feat or aspiration in one fleeting moment of glory . That is the greatness to be found in the collective spirit of our nation . Whenever you feel down and out try playing this movie . Watch it and you may come away that much richer in spirit .
 This is such an inspirational and heart felt film ! It is a great sports movie , but so much more . Gene Hackman plays a man hired to coach high school basketball in the small town of Hickory who is dealing with his past mistakes and Dennis Hopper in one of his best character roles plays an alcoholic basketball nut who is dealing with demons of his own . I do not like basketball , but I had no probelm liking this film as it had so many layers to keep me interested . The 2 disc set is very nice with an excellent transfer and interesting extras .
 Deeply felt , tense and exciting on and off-court , this movie benefits from yet another bravura Hackman performance , as a man who must confront his demons and marshal his strengths to redeem himself . Another standout is Dennis Hopper in an Oscar-nominated turn as Shooter , a former player who loves the game , but who 's also the town drunk , until Norman jolts him back to help the team . A feel-great movie for the whole family -LRB- though best for older children -RRB- .
 As I have a daughter who played division one , women 's college basketball , I confess to being a big fan of the game . I love hoop films , so I jumped at the opportunity to watch this one , having heard that it is a great film . Well for once , the word out on the street is on the money.This is a superlative film , beautifully directed by David Anspaugh , about a great basketball coach whose initial coaching career was derailed by his Achilles heel . It is a story about the effect that one can have on the lives of others . It is a story about being given a second chance . It is a story about hope . It is a story about redemption . It is a story about community . It is a story about overcoming all odds . Quite simply , it is a film that will not fail to capture the viewer , heart and soul.The setting for the film is the nineteen fifties and appears to be based upon a true story . Coach Norman Dale -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- has a skeleton in his closet and is given a second chance at coaching . Buried deep in the cornfields of Indiana is the small town of Hickory , which has a very small high school with a basketball team called the Hickory Hucksters . Coach Dale takes this team and tries to ensure that the players are all grounded in the fundamentals of the game , as their idea of basketball had been just to point and shoot . He wants to make it a team of which all can be proud . His hardline approach meets some initial resistance that causes his best player to leave the team , but even he eventually returns to the fold . This is not , however , just a film about a basketball team 's struggle to make it to the state championship.This being a small town , Coach Dale , as an outsider , runs into some small town politics that threaten to run him out of town . Cooler heads prevail , and he is given his chance to be all he can be . While what he does with the team is remarkable , it is his interaction with others in the town that is even more so . He begins a relationship with the high school 's assistant principal , Myra Fleener -LRB- Barbara Hershey -RRB- , and brings some passion into her otherwise lackluster existence . He takes Wilbur ` Shooter ' Flatch -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- , the town drunk and estranged father to one of the team 's key players , under his wing and gives him a new lease on life . Along the way , Coach Dale even manages to give the town a basketball team of which it can be proud . He and the team put the town on the map . How they do it is the crux of the movie.Gene Hackman is simply sensational as the coach , a man who wants his life back and is given a second chance to grab for the brass ring . He infuses his character with a toughness and , simultaneously , a tenderness that makes him three dimensional . Dennis Hopper gives a truly remarkable performance as the drunk who finds his way out of the bottle long enough to take stock of himself . When Coach Hackman , seeing that he has a lot of knowledge of basketball , extends him a helping hand and affords him an opportunity to regain his self-respect and repair his relationship with his son , he responds in a way he had never thought possible . Hopper gives a performance of a lifetime , infusing his character with just the right amount of pathos , vulnerability , and hope . His is truly a bravura performance . Barbara Hershey , as always , gives an excellent performance , impressing upon the viewer the internal conflicts with which her character is struggling . The rest of the supporting cast contribute with fine performances , as well.This is a great film on many levels and one that is well worth having in one 's personal collection . Bravo !
 I have never seen a sports movie as good as this one and I have never seen Dennis Hopper in anything that I really liked before . But his performance in this movie is Oscar worthy . He plays the town drunk who has a son on the basketball team who is given a second chance by the new coach -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- . The coach is also getting a second chance . He has had a history of hotheadness and winning championships before he comes to this small Indiana town where basketball is everything . It is entertaining , heartwarming and full of great old school basketball . A must see for all basketball and movie fans .
 This movie really does what a sport movie should do -- create an exciting competative context in which human struggle and courage can be viewed . The boys on this basketball team do n't have many lines , but they really do become important to the viewer because we ache for their success so badly and when it comes , we feel the sweetness of human achievement . Unlike REMEMBER THE TITANS , this movie leaves out any forced politically-correct message as part of the drama , which in my opinion makes it a more watchable movie . The DVD edition is not the greatest , even though the movie is . It lacks extras , interviews , etc. . The quality of the print is neither exceptional nor lousy , somewhere in between . If I knew that a collector 's edition was coming out , I would have waited to purchase the DVD , but I could n't wait since the movie itself is so good . In addition , the price is very reasonable !
 Beyond the triumph of this small town Indiana team are the personal triumphs of the characters . The setting has a comfortable feel to it . That comfort that we all perceive existed in the 1950 's .
 One of the few movies that I can watch year after year . I have shown this movie to my 5th grade basketball teams . . they loved it and were inspired . Gene Hackman is great .
 I feel odd reviewing this film . The thing 's been out forever and is well established as a classic . It 's on tv constantly so I doubt many people are unfamiliar with the thing . So I 'll just list some of my favorite parts.His playing 4 players . I think more coaches should do this . If you 're unhappy with the collective attitude of your team , put 2 guys out there so 1 can take out the ball . May be difficult getting the ball into the other guy though . I think that 's as low as you can go . Or is there a rule that if you ca n't put 5 guys on the floor you have to forfeit ? At least in some leagues ? There should n't be . Less than 5 is cool.Measuring the height of the basket . It was a good idea . Show that it still are the same court conditions . Coach was still impressed with the size of the arena.Giving it to Jimmy -LRB- that 's the star player , right ? -RRB- at the end . Ok , this is one criticism of his coaching . The other team was defending man-to-man . So the fact that they knew it was going to him was irrelevant if they were n't going to at least double team him , which they did n't do . Perhaps he thought they would , but still , just give him the dang ball.Other stuff too , but you know the movie . It 's good . Watch it again .
 Got ta love this one if you 're a Hoosier or any other basketball fan . We lived right down the road from where they made this , and my uncle was in it in some of the crowd scenes . I 'm still looking for him , but have n't found him yet .
 Purchasing `` Hoosiers '' on Blu-ray through Amazon , under $ 10 . Paying S&H ; , $ 2.50 Watching this great movie , then going to the Huskers ' gym -LRB- The Hoosier Gym in Knightstown , IN -RRB- to shoot baskets , PRICELESS !!
 Great movie to watch with the family or ball team . Some mild cursing but a touching inspirational story based on true events that 's sure to get everyone on the team fired up and ready to give it their all .
 bought this as a gift for my son to add to his dvd collection . he loves the movie and yes he was a football player and now is a football coach .
 I remembered this movie so well from my childhood and looked forward to watching it with my 11 year old son . He enjoyed it very much , but perhaps not as much as me . The acting is amazing , the basketball footage is great and the soundtrack is spot on !
 when you can make life a little easier with a movie than this is a real good movie to watch ...
 This is a come back sucess story.Good story line , plot and can be enjoyed by the whole family.I wish we had more movies like this without all the bad language .
 I lived in Milan , Indiana when this happened and if all that enjoyed the movie want the real story as told by Bobby Plump the hero just get the book `` Bobby Plump Last of the small town heros '' A wonderful film but a wonderful happening in real life . . sort of the small guys winning over the big guys and who does n't love that . .
 The AFI has there own top ten list of the greatest movies ever made and I have mine and of course I think mine is better . And Hoosiers is firmly ensconced in that top ten . A small town Indiana High School basketball team hires on a volatile and controversial ex-college coach -LRB- Hackman -RRB- who immediatly starts to do things his way much to the chagrin of the locals . As it turns out his way is better and in the end he takes the Hickory Huskers all the way to top . Everytime I watch this movie I have tears welling up in my eyes . It imbodies so much the things that make us humans the creatures we are . It shows a small community comming together to support something they dearly love . It shows determination and a never say never attitude . It proves that if one wants to achieve for personal excellence you can do it . I am writing this just after watching the movie on my local TV station . Wanting to buy it I noticed it was not available and I wish it was . I hope that the studio does bring it back . Truely a superb movie .
 Indiana small town basketball in the 1950 's was not so different from small town basketball in my hometown in Washington State . This movie took me on a trip to a time I cherish . Even the gym looked like our gym . It took me back to what it feels like to win against all odds . It is about teamwork , conflict , addictions , work , and luck - not to mention skill.Hackman and Hershey are grand as the coach and teacher who opposes him . He wins the team , the town , and the teacher . But I do n't want to spoil it if you have n't seen it.From the opening scene where a 1950 's car -LRB- ca n't remember the make -RRB- comes at dawn on empty roads to the sleepy town of Hickory to the closing moment when a small boy is seen shooting baskets in an old gym and we hear Hackman say , `` I love you guys '' I was captivated . I have seen it now at least ten times . I am always caught up int he fever of the game , in the struggle of the characters , and always I take that trip back to my own high school . It 's 1951 and the boys are coming out to warm up . My heart skips a beat . Good movie !
 I am not a basketball fan . I do n't even like the game . What attracted me to this movie was the poster showing a pair of 1950s-looking basketball sneakers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background . I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did . This is one of my all-time favorite movies . It 's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about . Great performances , photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film . One critic called it ` a-stand-up-and-cheer-movie ' and that is exactly what it is . When the opening credits played I just knew this was going to be a great film . Jerry Goldsmith 's music behind the credits showing Gene Hackman traveling across the back roads of mid America is pure Americana . And the final shot of the team photograph on the wall of the empty and silent gymnasium with Hackman 's echoing words put a lump in my throat and a tear in my eye . I suppose there is something endearing to me about our land and the chance for the seemingly unimportant individual to stand together with others against insurmountable odds and accomplish a noble feat or aspiration in one fleeting moment of glory . That is the greatness to be found in the collective spirit of our nation . Whenever you feel down and out try playing this movie . Watch it and you may come away that much richer in spirit .
 I just got the DVD version of this film and felt compelled enough to write my first review . The sound is Dolby 5.1 -LRB- no 2 channel for English -RRB- and the picture quality is good . I noticed some scratches that the transfer should have eliminated , but only a couple and they 're very small and quickly gone . The original theatrical trailer is included , but there are no other extra features.This movie is , in my opinion the best sports movie ever made . Of course , this is partly because I believe basketball to be the `` greatest game ever made . '' -LRB- a quote from Dennis Hopper 's character -RRB- Plus , I lived the situations in this movie , to a certain degree , and without the happy ending.This movie captures basketball at it 's purest . It is set before the three-point shot , before the fancy shoes , and before the crybaby professionals . Basketball is for young men who can still be taught the physical and mental aspects of the game , and are willing to learn . That 's who these boys are . They take jump shots with one knee in the air , and play defense with their feet.What is presented in this movie is the reason many people other than myself love the game . When it all comes together , the new coach , the hungry kids , and the disgruntled townies , everything is right in the world , and you can feel it in your soul.If you are a basketball fan who owns a DVD player , YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF to buy this movie .
 RIP Dennis Hopper . I dug out `` Hoosiers '' to relive what I feel - personally - was your greatest performance . Dennis Hopper brings all his skills to this supporting role as the town drunk . All the tingling nerves , insecurity , lost destiny , passion , and even though flawed , still admirable if only for a little , imperfect , while . Great work!There are so many wonderful reviews I really have little more to add . I 'm not from Indiana . I did n't know what Hoosier meant until I first saw this film years ago . I 'm not a basketball nerd . To me , it 's not really a sports film . It 's a human film . The sports and basketball are just the metaphors.It 's about having heart . Intestinal fortitude . Overcoming obstacles . Putting all the effort in learning and executing the basics . Being part of something bigger than yourself . Give more . Not less . What we used to call American values . Before the `` Me Generation '' . Before Red States and Blue States . It 's about pulling together . `` Hoosiers '' gives it all back to us in one improbable , albeit true , story . It hooks you early , and keeps you for the duration , and yes , if you are not cheering or crying at the end , give it up , have someone check your pulse , you are definitely dead . RIP for you , too.Redemption . Second chances . Hoping against hope . Working hard to make it happen . I 've seen `` Hoosiers '' no less than a dozen times . Gets me every time , and keeps me to the end . The acting - Gene Hackman , Barbara Hershey , Dennis Hopper , and all the guys on the basketball team who 's names I really do n't know - is realistic and on point.Don ' t you wish Norman Dale could put the showboaters in the NBA through the basics ?
 GREAT SPORTS MOVIE ! INSTEAD OF REVIEWING MOVIE , WHICH WE ALL KNOW IS A GREAT SPORTS MOVIE , JUST WANTED TO SAY THE BLU-RAY PICTURE IS A HUGE IMPROVEMENT OVER MY OLD DVD . I 'M ONLY REPLACING MY OLD MOVIES THAT I LOVE BUT LOOK BAD ON MY NEW HDTV . WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE PICTURE QUALITY ON THIS . THE ONLY DRAWBACK TO THIS BLU-RAY IS THERE ARE N'T ANY EXTRAS EXCEPT FOR A TRAILER . BUT IF YOUR LOOKING FOR BETTER PICTURE QUALITY , YOU WO N'T BE DISSAPOINTED .
 It 's based on the 1954 `` Miracle of Milan '' -LRB- and if you think that name has anything to do with either Italy or the Catholic Church , you 're obviously not a Hoosier ! -RRB- Even though I 've heard a few fellow Hoosiers gripe about the film not being more true to the actual facts , to me , it 's one of the top three or four movies I 've ever seen , and captures perfectly the atmosphere of our state , circa 1950s . For instance , the scenes in the Hickory gym are just how it was in those crackerboxes where we had Hoosier Hysteria in those days . The screenplay captures the Hoosier way of talking well , too . Not the accents , so much , as the fact that people from Indiana tend to be a little laconic -- to not waste too many words . Our next door neighbors in Kentucky , on the other hand , are famous as gabbers and storytellers.Look at some of the family names , also
 America is such an awesome place to live . One of the great things about America is the American Dream . Hoosiers is a masterpiece tale of an American Dream.In 1954 the Hickory Hoosiers pulled off basketball history . They went all the way from that little home town to win the state championship in one of the greatest basketball states in the union . No small school had ever one before and the Hoosiers changed that . This is there awesome tail in one of the most powerful movies you will ever see.Gene Hackman is great as Coach Dale . Hackman is one of the greatest living actors . He just becomes his charcters . When one of his charcters gets mad and he gets that tone in his voice I get goosebumps and just say wow . He 's a powerful presence on screen . This is one of the greatest roles he ever played and I really thought he should have been Oscar nominated for it.Dennis Hopper is great as the town drunk . He was one of my favorite characters in the movie . As the boys are doing the unthinkable on the court he does the unthinkable with his life . He stops drinking and starts acting like a man.All the guys who played boys on the team were great . I liked the guy who played Jimmy a lot . High expectations were put on him with the film . He 's believable as the country boy sharpshooter and he helps make the movie . I like the guy who plays Ollie . I have the VHS of Hoosiers and on the cover you see him on the shoulders of his teammates with his hands in the air . That 's a beautiful scene . I also like the kid who played Hoopers son in the film . He does a good job with his character.Hoosiers is a powerful film . It 's a great cast and the basketball is great in the film . It 's one of the best movies you will ever see and this is a film that everybody should see . It 's one everybody should own , and I 've never met a person who did n't like it . I cried in the movie . It 's that good and I 'm not afraid to admit that . You wo n't regret buying this one .
 I am not a basketball fan . I do n't even like the game . What attracted me to this movie was the poster showing a pair of 1950s-looking basketball sneakers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background . I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did . This is one of my all-time favorite movies . It 's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about . Great performances , photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film . One critic called it ` a-stand-up-and-cheer-movie ' and that is exactly what it is . When the opening credits played I just knew this was going to be a great film . Jerry Goldsmith 's music behind the credits showing Gene Hackman traveling across the back roads of mid America is pure Americana . And the final shot of the team photograph on the wall of the empty and silent gymnasium with Hackman 's echoing words put a lump in my throat and a tear in my eye . I suppose there is something endearing to me about our land and the chance for the seemingly unimportant individual to stand together with others against insurmountable odds and accomplish a noble feat or aspiration in one fleeting moment of glory . That is the greatness to be found in the collective spirit of our nation . Whenever you feel down and out try playing this movie . Watch it and you may come away that much richer in spirit .
 Gene Hackman was fantastic . Dennis Hopper lives up to his name as his character assumes many different roles -LRB- father , drunk , coach ... -RRB- . Who can forget Jimmy Chitwood !!!!!
 I love every part of this movie . Jimmy Chitwood is nothing but an American hero . He might be the greatest prep player to ever lace them up . The movie gives you chills all over . I could watch it a thousand times . - Grant Vollertsen
 I absolutely loved this movie . It is one of the best basketball movies I have ever seen . Being from a small town , I believe this movie does a fine job with the small town/Cinderella story team . This movie is truly a champion .
 This is a great movie , with a fine performance by Gene Hackman and a wonderful , restrained turn from Dennis Hopper . Its a very involving and moving film and really captures how high school basketball looms so large in rural Indiana.Beware of another review here from `` siskel.com . '' Obviously Ebert trying to embarass his erstwhile colleague . None of that stuff about Hackman 's character being an alcoholic or at risk of going back to jail is accurate . Nor did Wilt Chamberlain shoot free throws underhand -LRB- wrong player , wrong race and wrong league -RRB- .
 You ca n't help getting transported back in time to this small town and taste and feel the emotions of the inhabitants . The movie follows the basic sports theme ... small town team struggles to find identity , overcomes tremendous odds , wins critical game at the buzzer . Yes , I know that 's been done , but it is everything in between that differentiates this movie from all the rest and puts it up with the likes of Rocky and The Natural . Simply , it is a feel good movie that will make you wish you were a boy again .
 The film is not really based on the story of the 1954 Indiana state champions , Milan High School -LRB- pronounced / ` ma ` l' n / MY-lun -RRB- , but the term `` inspired by a true story '' may be more appropriate as there is little in the movie that coincides at all with Milan 's 1953-54 season other than that both were small schools that won the State Championship in the 1950s . The winning shot in the movie was based on Bobby Plump 's last second shot to win the 1954 Indiana State Basketball Championship . In most US states , high school athletic teams are divided into different classes , usually based on the number of enrolled students , with separate state championship tournaments held for each classification . At the time , Indiana conducted a single state basketball championship for all of its high schools , and continued to do so until 1997 . Some elements of the film do match closely with those of Milan 's real story . Like the movie 's Hickory High School , Milan was a very small high school in a rural , southern Indiana town . Both schools had undersized teams . Both Hickory and Milan won the state finals by two points
 First on the DVD ... The score sounded magnificent . The sound in 5.1 is well distributed and rounded . It sounds clear and awesome . The image is just as good . Bright and vivid colors , makes the movie look a lot less older than it is . The extras are all right including the Indiana State Championship game of 1953 -LRB- might be 52 ? do n't remember -RRB- . On the movie ... Well this is one of the best sport movies ever is just perfect . Hackman delivers a perfect performance , truly belivable , as well as most of the cast . The movie is based on a true story wich makes it twice as good.A very good movie to remeber the importance of discipline and how team work can make ordinary people have extraordinary results . Something we have been missing in pro-athletes this days ...
 What makes this one of the most popular sports films of all time is n't just the sport , it 's because it 's such a human-interest film , such a wonderful story of giving people second chances in life . Add a true-life David beat Goliath story and you have an appealing film.It does n't hurt that Gene Hackman is the star , either . He may not have that celebrity appeal or the looks of Clark Gable or Bratt Pitt , but this man can flat-out act ! He makes a very believable high school basketball coach who is tough-but-fair on the outside and soft-and-compassionate on the inside.The story of an extremely tiny school defying the odds and becoming a state champion in dramatic form was so inspiring that this film has played thousands of times for 20 years now by high school coaches to their kids for motivation.But the key to the story is the coach getting a second chance in life to do what he loves and does best and he , in turn , giving others a second chance such as the alcoholic here played by Dennis Hopper . There are great lessons on teamwork , patience , tolerance and a whole bunch of other qualities . In one of the DVD documentaries , both Hackman and Hoppper comment on how many times people have approached them and THIS is the movie they mention that meant so much them . That says a lot since both men have made many famous movies . By the way , the ACTUAL game that was played , which also is on this two-disc set , is boring ... nothing like the film.An unsung hero of this movie is the cinematography . Man , this is beautifully filmed and the rural Midwest has never looked so pretty and appealing . The story takes place in Indiana but the movie was done in Illinois . Either way , it paints a beautiful picture of this part of the United States . It also paints a fond remembrance of the early 1950s . You get an honest-to-goodness feel of what it 's like to be part of a basketball in this area during that time , Basketball meant an awful lot - and still does - to these folks . If you are sports fan in particularly , this movie will bring a tear or two to your eyes . However , this story is for everyone who believes people deserve chances to overcome previous mistakes . Few films , whatever the topic , have the `` heart '' this movie demonstrates .
 First , the movie is the best basketball movie ever.This is a review of the special edition DVD . If you are a fan of the movie and the history of Indiana HS basketball you must get this dvd . The special feature documentary is great . The deleted scenes are great . AND the actual game the movie was based on is included with Bobby Plump hitting the game winner for the Milan Indians .
 Got this Movie for my husband , one of his favorites . Received it quickly and its a good family movie . Oldie but a goody .
 How can you not rate Hoosiers 5 stars ? I bought this for my husband on the black friday deals . It was cheap and a great addition to our dvd library at home .
 My husband loved this movie and especially the extra sceens . He 's a big high school basketball fan , and this was a great story .
 I 'm a Hoosier by birth and I love this movie . We watch it at least once a year and we never get tired of seeing the small school defeat the big school and win the state championship !
 Look it was awesome that 's all you need to know xxxx xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx x x
 tihs is a wonderful story and one of gene hackmans best preformences , parents should take the time to share this with their children
 I have seen this movie MANY TIMES since itsI release a long time ago . Gene Hackman is an exellemt actor as was Dennis Hopper .
 My husband grew up in IN where some of the scenes in this movie were filmed . It takes him back to his childhood and high school days where he too played basketball . It will transport you to a simpler time in life . Great movie .
 What can I say about the best sports movie ever . Ok well maybe I am biased since I am from Indiana . Anyhow , this is a great movie . I purchased this to replace a previous VHS copy , so I can not comment on improvement over regular DVD .
 I remember watching HOOSIERS in an Indiana movie theater on its first day of release . As a high school student athlete , I played ball in some of the gyms that were used during the filming . So it is a little hard for me to be objective.The VHS copy of Hoosiers I bought several years is ago was always fun to watch , but until I saw the widescreen DVD , I 'd forgotten what a beautiful film it really is . The movie is loosely based on , or inspired by , a team from tiny Milan -LRB- MY ' - LUN -RRB- that won the Indiana state championship in 1954 . In fact , one of the players from that '54 team has a minor role in the movie.With an Oscar-nominated performance by Dennis Hopper as `` Shooter '' , HOOSIERS may be what basketball fans , even those not from Indiana , will enjoy watching as much as I do .
 This is the best sprots that I have ever seen . The producers probably did the movie an injustice with the decision not to include some of the deleted scenes that are on the feature DVD . Specifically the harvest scene and the scene where Buddy is allowed back on the team . The movie makers were very smart to use actual basketball players - the athletic action was superb . Buy the DVD set .
 I love this show.Gene Hackman probably did his finest performance in this show as did Dennis Hopper.A great basketball story that will just make you feel good.I highly recommend this to everyone .
 `` Hoosiers '' is a heartwarming , inspirational film based on the true story of an Indiana high school basketball team that made it all the way to the state finals.The scenery reminds me of home , seems like it could have been filmed opposite my front yard . The characters are great -- Gene Hackman as the hard-headed , disciplined coach somewhat in the Bobby Knight mould . Dennis Hopper as the town drunk who gets a second chance at respect . -LRB- Since Hopper was a contemporary of James Dean , I 've often wondered if Dean would have starred in this film had he lived -RRB- . Barbara Hershey is great as the schoolteacher who gives Hackman the cold shoulder , while secretly admiring him inside and falling for him in the end . `` Jimmy Chitwood '' is superb as the laconic basketball prodigy . `` Hoosiers '' depicts small town life in Indiana pretty accurately . What most Indiana towns lack in cosmopolitanism they make up for in friendly , hard-working , faithful , decent folk . Except there 's a part in the movie where Barbara Hershey says something like , `` part of small town life is that folks ' private affairs stay pretty much their own . '' She 's obviously never lived in a small town!Basketball is like a religion in Indiana , so it 's no wonder this story made it to the big screen . I think it 's one of the best sports films of all time , along with `` Breaking Away , '' another Indiana film that was filmed at Indiana University in Bloomington , down south , and `` Rudy , '' about Notre Dame football . `` Hoosiers '' is a classically American tale ; the humble underdog that triumphs through hard work and discipline .
 This is a magical film from the start . Showing the state of Indiana in the first scene of the movie was cool . Gene Hackman was the best fit for the role as the coach . He likes discipline and is honest and knows how to show people how to do things . The movie has some of the most dramatic shots and the games that the Hoosiers played were exciting . This is based on a real story which just makes a person want to buy it or see it even more . There is one guy in this movie that is always drunk and is the father of one of the players on the team . Gene helps him a litttle and makes him assistant coach and then in one of the games he gets thrown out of the game for arguing . He does this so the drunk assistant can try to win the game by himself . What a great idea for a scene in the movie . The last game fininshes it off by one of the Hoosiers shooting the ball to win the game . It goes in at the buzzard with no seconds left and they win the championship in dramatic fashion . That was a huge shot . Being a fan of basketball and playing it I really got inspiration from it . It sure did take a while for it to come out with two discs . oh well it 's here now . Buy it and you 'll love it . God bless you and America .
 Unless you grew up in Indiana and experienced `` Hoosier Hysteria '' first hand , you can never understand this movie completely . For the longest time , the state of Indiana had one big state high school basketball tournament . Every high school that had a boys varsity basketball team was automatically in the tournament , you did not have to qualify . It was much like March Madness in the sense that you would have very small schools -LRB- much like Hickory in the movie -RRB- knocking off the bigger schools in the state and making their season right then and there . It did n't matter if they went on to win the state tournament , it was the magic of the David vs. Goliath type game where the little guy prevailed.About 8-10 years ago the smaller schools in the state decided they wanted their own tournament , reducing the state to `` class basketball '' based on the size of the school . 4A being the largest and 1A being the smallest , there is now 4 state champions rather than one . Therefore , we will never get the chance to experience the `` Milan Miracle '' for which the movie ` Hoosiers ' is based on ever again.Thanks a lot to the little guys who just could not stand the fact that the bigger schools won most of the time , but every now and then that one Hickory Huskers type team came along and pulled the upset , Cinderella story , etc. ...
 This movie is a great sports movie , hands down . But importantly , it also demonstrates solid character throughout . I love how the coach helps everybody out , no matter how unpopular or ostracized they are -- he was n't ashamed of the poor drunk fellow , or of his smalltown team . He was n't going to bow to the pressure of the influential , the popular , or whoever -- no matter what , he helped the people that needed to be helped . Admirable .
 One of the better films of the late 1980 's , Hoosiers is the story of a former college basketball coach looking for redemption from mistakes he has made . After 10 years in the Navy following a physical altercation with a player which removed him from all basketball in the state of New York , Gene Hackman counts himself lucky to find a job with an old friend as a high school basketball coach and history teacher . The town does n't warm up to his training methods and belief in his players strict adherence to every word he says - and they even attempt to fire him . Only when the small town 's star player threatens to sit it out for the season unless the coach stays does the town back down and let the new coach do things his way . And once the team starts listening , they start winning.An inspiring film about teamwork , optimism , and giving people a second chance , this is a movie the entire family will enjoy . Its on par with Robert Redford 's `` The Natural '' and `` Rudy '' with Sean Astin .
 I have enjoyed this film in 1986 and always remember it like one of the best movies of all times . You must have see it !
 TTHIS MOVIE IS RATED ONE OF THE BEST SPORTS MOVIE EVER MADE . IF YOU LIKE A TEAM THAT WAS A BIG UNDERDOG , YOU WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE . IT IS GREAT THAT WE GET TO SEE PEOPLE FROM THE PAST DO SOMETHING THAT WAS IMPOSABLE , BUT THIS TEAM DID IT . YOU WILL FEEL GOOD FOR THE TOWN , ITS PEOPLE AND MOST OF ALL FOR THE GAME OF BASKETBALL IN THE EARLY DAYS.SO SIT BACK IN YOUR BEST CHAIR WITH A DRINK , SOME PIZZA , AND A LOVED ONE , YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY BUYING THIS DVD .
 I have been a huge fan of this move ever since it came out in the late 80s . I am coaching 15-16 boys basketball in our town in North Carolina - which has a similar tradition to Indiana when it comes to hoops hysteria - and I decided to get the guys together on the eve of our postseason tournament to watch this classic a few weeks ago . Most of the players had not seen the movie before . They were into it the whole time , laughing and cheering in all the right places - and even going `` Ewwwww ! '' when Gene Hackman and Barbara Hershey finally kiss.It was a real treat to be able to share this gem with the next generation of aspiring athletes , and throughout our run to the finals , the players would mention a scene from the movie . In the semifinals of our tournament , we were inbounding the ball with 4 seconds left down by 2 in overtime when we called a double screen for our leading scorer . He caught it behind the 3 point line and shot and it was nothing but net at the buzzer to win the game . The kids all ran on the floor , some of the parents even stormed the court to celebrate and it was so totally exciting ! The guys were jokingly calling our hero `` Jimmy '' after the movie ! Unfortunately we lost in the finals , but the memories of our great season will last a lifetime.Just an inspiring film that I would recommend to everyone that loves sports !
 This particular two-disc set has so much . It is packed with trivia , interviews , and even the original Indiana high school team game from the 1950 's .
 Very pleased with this supplier . The movie came in before the scheduled time and in great condition . I wanted to give this as a Valentine 's gift . Thanks to the vendor , I was able to give someone a very special day .
 Hoosiers could be the greatest sports movie ever that 's not named Raging Bull . Hackman does a great job selling Norman Dale as the disgraced college coach who moves to the middle of nowhere to escape his past . His coaching techniques and the basketball styles of the players are period appropriate and the ending , though predicatble , is still immensely enjoyable.My only complaint reality wise is Hackman 's ineffectiveness as a bench coach . For a guy who seems to be considered an Xs and Os guy , Norman Dale does n't get into the nitty gritty . I think I would have done a little more zone to force the guys from South Bend to shoot from the outside . I also probably would have done a little more pick and roll and back cut a la Pete Carrill and Princeton .
 Let 's be honest here , Hoosiers is the best basketball ever made . It is the sports movie by which all future sports movies are made . It 's the classic tale of a small team overcoming great odds to win it all . What makes this story so compelling is that it 's based upon a true story.The Hickory Hucksters are a 1950s high school basketball team of small-town , rural Indiana . They represent the entire town in the stereotypical story where the entire town shuts down on game night . Filmed in a perfect representation of midwestern America , the blue-collar innocence is beautiful.A new coach named Norm Dale -LRB- Hackman -RRB- was just hired to lead the town 's boys to victory , but everyone does n't agree with this methods . He 's a mystery , and outsider , and he plans on teaching the boys the fundamentals of basketball , and this does n't sit well with the town.Everyone knows the rest . The coach and team overcome great odds , Jimmy Chitwood helps to save coach Dale 's job by swaying the town hall vote , Shooter -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- is given a chance at redemption - to himself , his family , and his town - the team is embraced by the town , and Jimmy leads them to a state championship . It 's an incredible tale with great action , compelling characters , and a happy ending . I have a problem , however , and it is with coach Dale.While he may look the part and sound the part , coach Dale is a horrible coach , and I 'm not sure if he really understands basketball at all . His insistence on four passes is meant to teach a lesson on teamwork and running an offense , but that insistence also stifles creativity . It is not unbelievable to envision several opportunities in which the team would have passed up easy shots for a much more difficult opportunity.That 's bad enough as a basketball strategy , and I 'm quite sure the original Muncie team did n't follow that obtuse gameplan , but the most egregious problem with the movie is coach Dale 's final choice during the state playoffs . At that point , Jimmy Chitwood was roughly 67 for 68 throughout the playoffs , missing MAYBE one shot . Why on earth would coach Dale attempt to set up Jimmy as a decoy when it 's plainly obvious that Jimmy 's the entire team and ca n't be stopped by anyone on the planet ?! It 's simply absurd.Don ' t get me wrong , the movie is awesome . It 's one of my favorites , but the coaching is ridiculous .
 Hoosiers is the finest film about determination , loyalty and anything else ever done in film pertaining to sports . Hackman and the whole cast gives it heart and soul.This gem along with Redford 's - The Natural will not be surpassed by the dreck that hollywood pumps out by the truck full nowdays.Two powerfull fims indeed , that the brain dead studio heads nowdays vision is stuck on bare breasts , bad plots , lots of loud sounds , slam bangs.Christ , Clint Eastwood seems to be the only one that can make a good film nowdays .
 it 's a pleasure to watch hackman in anything and although this film was about 20 minutes too long , it was still a pleasure
 What a great movie this is . It has everything in it . Good Basketball , drama and ultimately triumph . A movie that shows a team or character that beats the odds and comes out a winner is always great to see . Even better is when it happened in real life . This is what this movie is based on , a tiny farming town in 1950 's Indiana that rose above the odds and became the state champion by between a high school powerhouse that was at least 6 or 7 times bigger in population than the little high school.Gene Hackman plays the coach of the team who has a mysterious background . He reminds me a bit of how the famous Bobby Knight is , a hard disciplinarian who instills pride , respect and total commitment to being the best . Barbara Hershey plays his protaganist at the beginning of the movie , but later becomes the love interest . Dennis Hopper , plays the town drunk , but who is also the source of basketball strategy that the team rely 's on.The high school basketball team players are unknown actors , but who cares ? They do a great job.It is also nice to see how the town really is supportive of the team , but that is how Indiana Basketball is in reality . The `` innocence '' of the 1950 's is also shown in the movie , when things were a bit simpler and people had alot of faith in religion . That is nice to see as well , since I know alot of small farming communities do rely on the local church for their needs.But all in all this is a great sports movie . It would seem hard to believe that such a small school can become a champion in sports , but that is what makes it great ! I like to see it when an underdog can overcome and become a champion , like what Chaminade University did in 1983 , when it beat the mighty Ralph Sampson and the University of Virginia in a pre-season tournament , or when Villanova beat the mighty Georgetown to become NCAA Basketball Champions in 1986 -LRB- I think -RRB- . Anyways this is a HIGHLY recommended movie !
 A wonderful and personal movie with Gene Hackman reminding us what he can do with a nice little script . This is because . . you see Hackman isnt acting at all . He is the coach . Hackman is one of those rare gifted actors who can transmit and emotion with his face and no dialogue at all.He as ably supported by Barbara Hershy and Dennis Hopper.In this film Hackman produces a wide range of elements , Pathos , anger , resolve , patience et all . For sure its a feel good movie in the last reel . . but how you get there is top drawer . !
 This movie will just blow you away and have you cheering at the end . I can not imagine any sports fan , or American not owning this movie . This is truly an inspirational film that you should watch before participating in a sports event . When I played basketball in high school my coach showed us this movie to motivate us for the upcoming game the next day . Overall this movie is perfect.A +
 This movie is about a high school basketball team in rural Indiana who attempts to win a state championship while facing various odds . Gene Hackman is superb and the scenery is amazing . Makes you feel like youre on the farm yourself . This is simply a well made movie that is a classic in my book
 Hoosiers is a wonderful movie about a small high school in Indiana who 's basketball team beats the odds and goes to the State Finals . It is a wonderful Cinderella story that warms your heart . Gene Hackman plays Norman Dale , the new Hickory High School basketball coach , who teaches the boys on the team the importance of working as a team . He teaches them to respect his authority as coach and teaches the town to respect an outsider.Dennis Hopper gives an unforgettable performance as the town drunk and the father of one of the players . It is an unforgettable tale that is backed by a wonderful musical score . I recommend this movie to all basketball fans .
 Hoosiers is destined to be a classic . From the opening scenes of the beautiful Indiana countryside to the hollowed halls of Hinkle Fieldhouse at Butler University where the state finals were filmed , this movie is a winner ! I was actually in the film and spent 3 days filming in Lebanon , Indiana -LRB- the semi-state game in the Jasper gym -RRB- and i must say it was a treat watching Mr. Anspaugh , Hackman , Hershey , the ballplayers and entire cast perform . The film has fantastic music , beautiful color and a wonderful cast . If you hav ` nt seen this future classic yet , head to the stores to rent or buy it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is such a heart warming movie , it made me cry . The charactors are all so loveable . I recommend that anyone watch this movie - weither young or old .
 I think this has to be one of the best basketball movies ever made . Hackman , Hershey and Hopper all turn in excellent performances . It 's so good that you find yourself rooting for coach and the Hoosiers to go all the way and win it all . I wanted this movie so badly that I preordered it .
 `` Hoosiers '' is a warm , affecting film that follows the genre of many sports movies
 `` It is n't the size of the dog in the fight . It 's the size of the fight in the dog '' ... that counts . Coach Norman Dale , Jimmy Chitwood , and the Hickory Basketball team were very small . but that did n't matter . In the movie when the old coach had died . Coach Norman Dale had to take over . Not many people likeed him because he did n't coach like the last . So then the town was going to remove him . When they voted for him to be romoved Jimmy Chitwood came in . Jimmy Chitwood played basketball very well . He wanted Coach Dale to stay so he told the town if they removed him . He would n't play but if they let him stay he would . Coach Dale was to stay . For a team of eight people it went very far . Since basketball was very big for the town . They HAD to . They made it to the State Finals and won . This was the first time ever . and they made history . Coach Dale and his team made the whole town happy . so as in the words of Coach Dale . `` It is n't the size of the dog in the fight . It 's the size of the fight in the dog '' that counts .
 There can be no doubt that this is one of the finest , well-made , and produced movies that Hollywood has ever released . The casting is perfect and the direction flawless . `` Hoosiers '' is set in a town in Indiana which is famous for its love of basketball . Gene Hackman plays coach Norman Dale who comes to Hickory , Indiana to get a struggling high school team back on its feet . He is met with anger and suspicion on the part of the townspeople and apathy and suspicion on that part of the players.What ensues is a lesson in character and fortitude that extends its reach far beyond the game of basketball . Dennis Hopper plays the father of one of the team members who has seen far better days . As a bitter , unrepentent alcoholic , he proceeds to make things harder for his son and the team . Barbara Hershey plays a sarcastic high school principal who resents not only the new coach , but the sport and the town . But as the movie progresses , we see a metamorphosis on the part of all as lives begin changing around the game of basketball.You can look at this movie as being about basketball . And it obviously is . However , it transcends that and , to me , is a story of redemption , and triumph . In fact , it might take two viewings to really get the subtle nuances this movie delivers.Set against the backdrop of Indiana scenery , and filmed beautifully , you will find yourself getting caught up in the magic of this story . The soundtrack is beautiful as well . This is one of those movies that delivers a special gift . I wish I could give it ten stars .
 Love this movie ! I love the flavor of Indiana more than anything . Visited that state and the area they speak of many times in my youth . Great inspirational story . Just a quick note ... a joke is lost in the subtitles mid-way through the semi-national game . After being fouled out of the game , Coach glares at his player , for which the subtitles read `` It was for the team '' . The line is actually `` it was Dentyne '' , throwing back a joke Coach said in an earlier huddle . Being deaf helps with these things ! Amazing movie still .
 I grew up a couple of towns over from Milan , IN , on which this movie is based . We played them every year , and believe it or not the movie is very accurate in portraying the town life and Indiana 's love of basketball .
 Well , I loved this movie ! Small-town team in Indiana goes and wins the high school championship against a bigger , better team . But the real thing I loved about this movie was Gene Hackman 's acting , the way he pushed his team , the way he drove his team to victory , and the way he helped that drunken man . If you liked this you may also like Remember The Titans , The Rookie , Miracle , and Friday Night Lights.Thank you !
 HOOSIERS is one of the best sports movies made . Lovingly filmed by director David Anspaugh , the story follows a ragtag team of champion wannabes in 1951 Indiana . Gene Hackman delivers a solid , understated performance as the coach who uses strict disciplinary measures to whip his small team into shape , and try and win over the interfering townsfolk as well . The vastly underappreciated Barbara Hershey shines as the schoolmarm who does n't have a great love for basketball , but who finds herself in the coach 's corner . Dennis Hopper , in one of his best roles , deservedly received an Oscar nomination for supporting actor in his portrait of a former coach who is now the alcoholic father of one of Hackman 's players . Hopper is brilliant in capturing the anguish and the insecurity as Hackman 's `` assistant . '' A cast of unknown youths are marvelous as the players and it is our empathy and compassion for these boys that makes HOOSIERS such a winning film . A fine score by Jerry Goldsmith adds more kudos for this remarkably entertaining film .
 Hoosiers is not one of those movies you do n't have to be ashamed to love . It is a great American film about the quintessential American myth - David vs. Goliath . While there is precious little historical evidence that the little guy rarely ever really wins in this nation in the real world , we would all like to believe that it is true . Right can stand up to might . Team play , selflessness , generosity and courage will carry the day . We all wish they would , but reality is they do n't . Usually the Big is just way too Big , and the the regular guy is too caught up in making it from week to week to even care about the bigger picture , much less fight against it . Yet we all know that occasionally the improbable happens . A team of American kids wins Olympic Gold in Hockey while going up against the imperious Russian team along the way . A team of misfits stumble into a Superbowl win . A small town school can rise up and become the greatest power in Basketball in a Basketball crazed state such as Indiana . At least for one season , anyway . While the facts , the characters , the years and the reasons are all changed to protect the integrity of the Myth being told , the results are true . And when this movie finishes taking you on it 's wonderful ride , you will be glad you watched this little gem . The film has a wonderful and nostalgic take on American small town life . This overall affection that the film makers have for their characters and the locale of the movie is then combined with an achingly beautiful color pallette , a real ear for the dialogue of the place and time , and a cast of America 's finest actors and actresses . I believe that you will watch and treasure this movie many times over in the coming years , and you will never feel ashamed to admit that it is one of your favorite cinema pleasures . I do n't .
 Based on a true high school basketball Cinderella story that occurred in 1954 in Indiana , Hoosiers is a must - see film about a team of young men who are forced to adjust to a brand - new coach -LRB- played by Gene Hackman -RRB- who has been hired to lead the team following his own banishment from college basketball for physically hitting one of his players . The movie , set in rural Indiana in the early 1950 's , starts out simply enough , with scenes of open fields and of Hackman driving into the small town and heading to the high school to meet with the principle and find out more about his new job.The plot of this film takes a few twists , but remains focused mostly on basketball . Hackman angers the basketball - crazy citizens of the town when he pulls some unusual coaching moves and loses the first two games of the season . He also raises some eyebrows when he hires the town drunk -LRB- played impeccably by Dennis Hopper , who received an Oscar nomination for his effort -RRB- as his assistant coach . Hackman makes this move to help Hopper gain confidence and get a new lease on life , but the locals think Hackman is too unorthodox for their tastes and they hold a town meeting to decide on whether or not to fire him from the job . Hackman survives and ultimately takes his team to the state finals and the championship game.Hoosiers features some great music and a heartwarming story line that will keep viewers rooting for the underdog team , Hackman 's Hickory Hucksters , all the way to the end of the film . The movie works on just about every level , with great drama and chemistry between the characters . And the scenes on the basketball court keep the action moving at a fast pace , with an excellent score -LRB- Hoosiers was nominated for the Oscar for best music -RRB- that keeps you in suspense , even though you already know the outcome of the movie.The only thing I did n't care for in this movie was the love interest that develops between Hackman and one of the other co - stars , Barbara Hershey . It really does n't have anything to do with the plot of the movie . I think the director included this to show some character development on the part of Hershey - a woman who is very skeptical and even a little insulting toward Hackman when he arrives at the school at the start of the movie . But the main theme of the film is basketball , and I think it would have been best if this `` love '' scene had been eliminated.As far as sports movies go , Hoosiers ranks among my favorites of all - time . I have viewed this movie dozens of times and it still never fails to satisfy . It 's an excellent representation of the American dream
 If I had read an outline of this story , I would probably have thought `` too corny and unoriginal '' and passed up on the movie . I 'm glad I did n't , because it takes a concept that is , indeed , corny -- and yields a thoroughly enjoyable result . The acting , the cinematography , the wonderful music score , the realistic game sequences -- all are done to near perfection . My favorite scene is the one in which Coach Dale opens the door from the locker room and walks onto the floor to coach his first game at Hickory . The players are warming up , the band is playing the fight song , the crowd is on its feet in anticipation of the new season -- the electric feeling of the scene rings remarkably true to anyone who has experienced serious high school athletics .
 Hoosiers is the tale of disgraced college basketball coach Norman Dale -LRB- Hackman -RRB- , as he leads a small town high school team in Indiana to glory , battling biased fans , drunk assistant coaches and the system along the way.This is a quality sports movie , which can not be said about many , and with solid work from many smalltime actors is made into a memorable one . The small town story resembles that of Larry Bird 's rise to fame as a Boston Celtic , and this is a movie you will want to watch many more times .
 Hoosiers is AWSOME 5 stars all the way Great movie . I personallyam not a big fan of Basketball . But this is good .
 This movie defines the genre . There are no cliches in it ; it created the cliches that lesser filmmakers use now when they make sports movies . This movie gets you jumping up off your seat at the end every time you watch it . You want this little David team to beat the big , bad Goliaths so bad you can feel it . This movie is not just about a little team that beats a big one ; it works because it humanizes each player on the `` little '' team , and so we cheer when each one rises to the occasion to overcome his particular short-coming
 THis movie is put together fantastically and it gives an accurate depiction of what life really is like in Indiana ... Basketball , basketball , and more basketball
 Simple but effective , `` Hoosiers '' is elevated by the performances , of course Hackman 's and especially Dennis Hopper , and then the various townspeople . Though far-removed from our own , `` Hoosiers '' ' setting seems like authentic , and through the drama and pagentry of its passion for basketball we 're transported there .
 This is a good basketball movie and if you are a basketball fan , you definitely should see it . Also , it is a good movie to show teams . It shows team unity and the results that can happen when you trust your team and coach . Even if you are not a basketball fan and just like good movies , this is a good movie to watch . For example , it also shows an alcoholic father rebuild his relationship with his son by getting treatment .
 HOOSIERS is one of a handful of movies that make a statement about who we are and what makes our country great . Hoosiers characters are a collection of beaten down and worn out souls who have been dealt a lifetime of seemingly hopelessness and mediocrity . Individually they will remain destined to this fate for eternity . As a group they can rise beyond all hope and make a statement from which their lives will become enriched from what they are able to accomplish given that initial spark and making the commitment to give it their all . Composer Jerry Goldsmith must have seen greatness at the core of this film because he gave us one of the most inspiring scores ever composed for a film . All the actors give us so much more than we have ever seen as well . Each one contributed their best piece to the pie and that is what our country is truly all about .
 `` Hoosiers '' is an excellent movie based , as they say , on a true story . I believe it was the small Indiana community of Milan that beat the big schools to win the Indiana state basketball championship back in the 1950 's . No doubt , they 're still talking about that today back in the Hoosier State . Someone got the excellent idea to make a movie about it and decided to take the time and do it right . Doing it right meant getting an outstanding screenplay , excellent direction , terrific acting , as well as top-notch film editing.The movie could have been just a nice , feel-good movie that rah-rahhed its ' way from start to finish . It avoided that by creating conflict , uncertainty , and personal shortcomings in its ' main characters . We are never quite certain what will develop with the different relationships . About the only character stereotype is the collective character of the know-it-all townsfolk who want to fire the coach for not doing things `` their way '' . There are times when this delving into character development comes close to losing the viewer . The character , for example , played by Dennis Hopper , seems out of place at times . Many of us never quite get used to what his role actually is . However , Hopper gives an excellent performance and probably helps to keep us just confused enough so as not to know what comes next . That 's good because even the person who saw the movie without hearing how it turned out could probably guess that we were n't going through all of this just to see our team lose at the buzzer . The thrill of victory is there but it is balanced with an appealing sense of comaradarie that assures us that this team would have lost with class had that been its ' fate.It was just a year or so ago that the State of Indiana dropped its ' one tier level of play in the state basketball tournament . No more Milans , no more `` Hoosiers '' , and probably a lot more opportunity for the little schools to bring home a state championship . The one in a million long shot is exciting but it 's only this exciting because the odds really are for real . `` Hoosiers '' lets us feel the joy a whole state felt some 50 years ago . It 's not a manufactured feeling in `` Hoosiers '' ; the movie 's greatest is that it lets us feel the real thing .
 This film is a winner . David Anspaugh made the best film of basket in all the story of the american cinema.A script extremely simple but fullfilled with conviction , well written with unforgettable shots in the battle field.Gene Haxkman gives one of his most famous performances as the chief of the team . Dennis Hopper shows us why he was nominated in 1986 for this role as supporting actor . His performance is extraordinary . Hershey as always makes the perfect balance for Hackman showing his inner interpretative force.This film has been choosen as one of the classical film for management approachs ; togeteher with Tunes of glory , Moby Dick , The bridge over Kwai river and Lawrence of Arabia.So watch this ; the film is much more than a famous fact in Indiana in 1952 . It 's a life lesson ; the metaphor of David and Goliat is underlined.If you think carefully , this film is very close in what its epic actitude concerns with Seabiscuit , that pearl of David Ross , nominated recently as best movie by the Academy.Watch this movie and let this item be part of your DVD collection .
 After hearing and reading many good things about this movie , I decided that I had to watch it . Hoosiers was a wonderful movie that inspired me.Hoosiers is about a small town basketball high school team in Indiana . This basketball team just hired a new coach , and his name is Norman Dale . Dale had a troubled past , and his fiery temper was one factor that got him in serious trouble . He had punched a player of his . That was a long time ago , though , more than 10 years before he decided to take on this new job . He did n't coach basketball for many years , and he was doubted by the local community in the small Indiana town where he would coach.The coach quickly establishes himself as the boss of team , and his dogmatic attitude demands respect . He coaches his players hard , and he says `` I do n't make my practices for your enjoyment . '' He dismisses a rude player during the first practice -LRB- who was talking while he was -RRB- and tells the old coach that he 's out . The old coach tells him that he hopes that Dale fails as a coach . In the first game of the season there are only 6 boys on the team . This first game provides a very memorable moment . One of the players does n't listen to the coach and wants to shoot before passing . So the coach takes him out . Then another player gets injured , and the player who was out just walks back in . The coach tells him , `` Where are you going ? '' The player is forced to sit back down , and the coach plays with only 4 guys on the court.This movie is an inspirational classic . When one former basketball sharp shooter does n't want to play because his old coach died , Dale says he wo n't pursue him . This basketball player is the best one , and rarely misses his shots . He decides to come back though at a pivotal moment in the movie , when Dale 's career is in jeopardy . After that , the team takes off . The rest of the movie show 's how one team 's heart and determination brought out the best of them . Hoosiers about an unlikely victory by a tiny school with an enrollment of less than 100 over a large high school with over 1500 students . It 's an amazing story , and this sports movie is the greatest one I 've ever . Hoosiers is a must-see classic for all basketball fans .
 You can take all the glitz and glamour that you want . Hollywood can take 100s of millions of dollars , to load a film with special effects and digital characters , yet they can never buy the heart of this little story about a high school basketball team.Even the most hardened of cynics will find themselves pulling for the Hickory Huskers by the end of the film . Sure the movie is sappy . Sure you will notice that the Huskers ' best player misses a shot maybe three times in the entire film , but by the end of the film you wo n't even care.Some movies seem to have the ability to become transcendant above the subject that they are attempting to address . When you are done watching this film , you will remember Gene Hackman 's amazing performance , playing every bit the coach , you will remember the stirring story of a father restoring a relationship with an estranged son , but so much more than that , you will remember the heartstrings that this film seems to pluck at whenever it chooses.If you have seen this movie , there is no need to explain it . If you have n't , pick it up right now . You will find that once you have see it and own it , Hoosiers will become one of the most often played movies in your collection .
 Hoosiers is a wonderful movie about a old basketball coach who applies for a coaching job at Hickory Indiana High School . When the coach reaches Hickory he is met by many parents who are resistant to the change of their boys basketball ball practices ... strategies ... plays . . and so on . The coach is dealt a hand with 6 players ... not including Jimmy Chipawook ... supposedly one of the best basketball players that ever played in Indiana . Jimmy later joins the team ... after he saves the new coaches job . The coach leads the team to the state championship ... which they do successfully win . He is finally accepted by the people of Hickory as a wonderful basketball coach .
 From the opening scenes of this film -- majestic shots of a car traveling the rural midwest on a crisp autumn morning -- HOOSIERS serves notice to the viewer that he or she is in for a wonderful movie experience . Set in a tiny Indiana town half a century ago , HOOSIERS captures the look and feel of rural Americana , of a hardworking people with a single commonality
 Maybe it 's because we 're the smallest state west of the Alleghenies or maybe we just have this thing about Indiana , but Hoosiers -LRB- and we ca n't understand why that term is a perjorative for some people -RRB- have an inordinate pride in their home state.So , small wonder that the movie Hoosiers is a staple in every Indiana video collection.This is your classic David vs. Goliath tale based on a true story that 's at the core of Indiana basketball mythology - the magic year back in the early 1950s -LRB- ca n't remember the exact season -RRB- in which tiny Milan -LRB- pronounced MILE-un , not like the city in Italy -RRB- in southern Indiana went all the way to the Indiana State High School Basketball Finals and emerged state champ.I grew up in small town Indiana in the '50s . The characters , the places , the fervor surrounding the local basketball team are instantly recognizable and dead-on . These are my people and my places and the filmmakers got it exactly right.The opening scenes showing Gene Hackman driving through the Indiana countryside probably do n't mean much to folks from outside Indiana and the midwest , but they almost bring a tear to my eye.As a side note , there 's a little white country church where Hackman pauses to get his bearings . It stood at a crossroads in Boone County just northwest of Indianapolis . It was one of several churches that went up in flames in the late 1990s at the hands of a church arsonist . It 's part of the local lore.As far as the characters go , Hackman did a credible job , but the real star of this film is Dennis Hopper . Barbara Hershey 's character is an unwanted digression from the plot line and adds nothing of value to the film.And how many people realize the heart attack-prone principal of Hickory High , Sheb Wooley , is the guy who had a hit in the late '50s with the novelty record `` One-Eyed , One-Horned , Flying Purple People Eater ? `` Also , for those with home theater sound systems , the Dolby Surround Sound on the DVD is spectacular . The stereo imaging really makes the picture come alive.If you like small town stories where the underdog triumphs , this is your kind of movie . You do n't have to be from Indiana to love Hoosiers .
 It is purely coincidental that the backdrop for this movie happens to be high school basketball or sports of any kind
 I was born in Gary , Indiana in 1953 , the year before tiny Milan High captured the Indiana State High School Basketball Championship . As most boys who grew up in Indiana , this Cinderella tale was a familiar one to me -- and the true story this film was based on.Last year , in preparation of attending the NCAA Women 's Final Four in Indianapolis with my 11-year-old daughter , I purchased this Collector 's Edition DVD to share with her . Although today I live a world away in the heart of Silicon Valley , I will forever remember the part of my childhood that was Hoosier Hysteria.Of what it was like to play in the annual state tourney , when every school , no matter how big or small , was thrown together into the same fire and born again every March whether their regular-season record was 25-0 or 0-25 . Single elimination , do or die , winner take all.The excitement and hype leading up to the opening games of the first-round Sectional ... of the pride and joy that engulfed the entire communities of the 64 winners who advanced to the Regional ... and then , for a god-like 16 teams , the Semistate ... and ultimately , the originally named Final Four . I ca n't begin to describe it for you , but this film comes close , really close.My daughter has played basketball since she was in the third grade , and competes today on a traveling AAU team . She is 10 times the player I ever was at her age , but it is impossible for her to imagine a world without women professional athletes , cell phones or the Internet . And whenever I would tell her about what basketball was -- and still is -- like in Indiana , she would roll her eyes.Fortunately , I had this film to show her . And a few months later , she experienced the real thing , making the pilgrimage with me down the two-lane backroad blacktops to Milan , where we met the caretaker of the 1954 Milan Museum , Roselyn McKittrick , and later that day , dined with Bobby Plump himself , known as Bobby Chitwood in the film.I have a photograph of my daughter wearing a red Hickory High -- the fictional school in the film representing Milan -- jersey , holding the ball that Bobby arched high into the Butler Fieldhouse sky that fine and glorious day more than 50 years ago and into history.This is a rare film in that it somehow captures that special time , that place , that joy . How and why does not matter , only that it does . The tears that falll whenever I watch it are proof enough of that.This Collector 's Edition compliments the original release by including recent interviews with Bobby , the two writer-producers who -LRB- as did I -RRB- attended Indiana University in the early 1970s , some deleted scenes that shed new light on the storyline , even a glorious B&W ; archived copy of the 1954 state championship game in its entirety.A beautiful moment in time captured in a truly beautiful film.Or , as my daughter later remarked to me , `` You know Dad , basketball really is different in Indiana . ''
 As I have a daughter who plays division one , women 's college basketball , I confess to being a big fan of the game . I love hoop films , so I jumped at the opportunity to watch this one , having heard that it is a great film . Well for once , the word out on the street is on the money.This is a superlative film , beautifully directed by David Anspaugh , about a great basketball coach whose initial coaching career was derailed by his Achilles heel . It is a story about the effect that one can have on the lives of others . It is a story about being given a second chance . It is a story about hope . It is a story about redemption . It is a story about community . It is a story about overcoming all odds . Quite simply , it is a film that will not fail to capture the viewer , heart and soul.The setting for the film is the nineteen fifties and appears to be based upon a true story . Coach Norman Dale -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- has a skeleton in his closet and is given a second chance at coaching . Buried deep in the cornfields of Indiana is the small town of Hickory , which has a very small high school with a basketball team called the Hickory Hucksters . Coach Dale takes this team and tries to ensure that the players are all grounded in the fundamentals of the game , as their idea of basketball had been just to point and shoot . He wants to make it a team of which all can be proud . His hardline approach meets some initial resistance that causes his best player to leave the team , but even he eventually returns to the fold . This is not , however , just a film about a basketball team 's struggle to make it to the state championship.This being a small town , Coach Dale , as an outsider , runs into some small town politics that threaten to run him out of town . Cooler heads prevail , and he is given his chance to be all he can be . While what he does with the team is remarkable , it is his interaction with others in the town that is even more so . He begins a relationship with the high school 's assistant principal , Myra Fleener -LRB- Barbara Hershey -RRB- , and brings some passion into her otherwise lackluster existence . He takes Wilbur ` Shooter ' Flatch -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- , the town drunk and estranged father to one of the team 's key players , under his wing and gives him a new lease on life . Along the way , Coach Dale even manages to give the town a basketball team of which it can be proud . He and the team put the town on the map . How they do it is the crux of the movie.Gene Hackman is simply sensational as the coach , a man who wants his life back and is given a second chance to grab for the brass ring . He infuses his character with a toughness and , simultaneously , a tenderness that makes him three dimensional . Dennis Hopper gives a truly remarkable performance as the drunk who finds his way out of the bottle long enough to take stock of himself . When Coach Hackman , seeing that he has a lot of knowledge of basketball , extends him a helping hand and affords him an opportunity to regain his self-respect and repair his relationship with his son , he responds in a way he had never thought possible . Hopper gives a performance of a lifetime , infusing his character with just the right amount of pathos , vulnerability , and hope . His is truly a bravura performance . Barbara Hershey , as always , gives an excellent performance , impressing upon the viewer the internal conflicts with which her character is struggling . The rest of the supporting cast contribute with fine performances , as well.This is a great film on many levels and one that is well worth having in one 's personal collection . Bravo !
 Hoosiers is a great , feel good movie that champions the fact that if you work hard and believe in yourself , anything is possible . Based on a true story , Hoosiers is about an extremely small town Indiana high school boy 's basketball team that goes on to win the Indiana high school championship , beating the big city schools along the way . Gene Hackman stars as the coach of the Hickory High team . He is a mysterious stranger , with a dark past . But he knows how to coach basketball and he gets the boys to believe in themselves . Dennis Hopper scored a major comeback triumph in his career -LRB- he got a Best Supporting Actor nomination for the role -RRB- as the alcoholic assistant coach who is also the father of one of the boys on the team . The movie is full of cliches , but the kids and Mr. Hackman are so good , you can forgive them for it . The speech that Mr. Hackman gives before the big game will send chills up your spine everytime you hear it . Hoosiers is a real winner .
 How true-to-life is this immensely popular film ? In an article written for ESPN Page 2 , Jeff Merron notes a number of differences between the `` real '' story about a small Indiana high school which wins the state championship and the `` reel '' story which appears in the film directed by David Anspaugh , with Gene Hackman starring in a script written by Alvin Sargent . -LRB- The entire article can be accessed by visiting http://espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020327.html . -RRB- The significant differences noted by Merron include these : `` In real life , Milan High School did n't come out of nowhere . The Indians had made the state semifinals the previous season . In reel life
 Fine acting performances by Gene Hackman and Dennis Hopper are highlights of Hoosiers - a story about a small Indiana High School basketball team of the 1950 's and its efforts to win a state championship -RRB- . In Indiana , there is only one state champion rather than having several based on size of the school so this makes the competition even more fascinating . While officially a fictional story , the success of the team does have a real-life Indiana counterpart as far as the team 's progress goes , so the ending is , for all intents and purposes , a real life one . While most of the attention for fine acting goes to Hackman and Hopper , it is the little things that make the movie special . Small town politics are captured extremely well , even when they are only part of the background of some scenes . It is one of those movies you can watch over and over and catch new details each time . Highly recommended .
 I grew up in Indiana and am well-acquainted with the true story behind the 1954 State Championship from Milan . I 've actually met a couple of the players from that team , one of whom plays a referee in the final game of this film.The image that forever stays with me from this movie is that of Ollie , the unlikely hero being carried off the floor by his teammates , his fists pumping the air . To me there is no better image in the entire film than that . It epitomizes the message behind this movie and others like Rudy and Breaking Away , both of which , coincidentally , take place in Indiana and , like Hoosiers , are based on true stories . The message is that you can reach the unreachable.How 's that for sentimentality ? Some have complained that the film is too sentimental , but in basketball-crazy Indiana , home to six of the ten biggest high school gyms in the nation -LRB- ours seated 8,200 -RRB- , the story behind Hoosiers was legendary . And that , naturally , is a big reason why this movie inspires me . Oh , yeah , and Gene Hackman and Dennis Hopper do a good job.My only disappointment is that there are no notable features on the DVD . Of course , it was made in 1986 , before a director had to consider how to make a movie and a movie about the movie .
 First things first - I absolutely love this movie!However , the DVD has lots to be desired -LRB- I have the one disc version , not the two disc special edition -RRB- . It has almost no features - including not even having English subtitles ! If ever a movie had potential for little vignettes it is this one!How about a little tribute to the real story that inspired it - the Milan miracle?How about some information about the basketball players that played in the movie yet lost their college scholarships because the NCAA ruled that they were now professionals since they had been paid to `` play '' basketball?How about some info about Indiana ending the class basketball system nearly 10 years ago -LRB- thus , no more Milan miracles -RRB- . Do n't worry - this is still a hot button issue in Indiana politics . Every campaign many a candidate for governor and the state legislature advocate proposals to eliminate the class basketball syestem -LRB- Keith Olbermann of MSNBC made fun of it once because it was even on one candidate 's TV commercials but , dang it , to us Hoosiers this stuff is mighty important ! -RRB- Maybe a special look at all of those little Indiana gyms that the movie features?Well , maybe they do n't need any of those things -LRB- except the subtitles -RRB- since I still bought the DVD and I still watch breathlessly to make sure that the last shot goes in and the championship belongs to Hickory once again .
 Hoosiers is more than a sports movie . This is a summary of every small town that stands behind the community by backing its only entertainment , the school sports . Gene Hackman as the head coach goes up against all odds in turning an average team into a giant slaying State Champion . He teaches the team members that if you believe in yourself , you can win .
 This is the greatest Basketball and overall movie to ever a touch a piece of film in the last 20 years . Hackman 's performance is flawless , while Hopper is very beilveable in his role . The story of the Hickory Huskers and how they re-write Indiana Basketball during 1955 is very inspiring . Based on a true story this movie truly insipres all of us that with the proper coaching and determination anything is possible . I saw the `` locker-room '' scene played on the jumbo screen of the Mets-Braves baseball game , and it gave me chills ... again ! Studio , please bring this American Classic for all to enjoy !!
 While the performances of Hackman , Hershey and Hopper are noteworthy , the theme of relationships among the players and their coach brings the viewer into the story . Underdog movies usually get viewers into the `` spirit '' , but Hoosiers also shows us how a coach 's values about his passion can bring everyone together . This story creates a feeling that if everyone works for the same goal , that goal can be reached , no matter the odds . If you have ever been to a high school basketball game where the superior opposing team ended up with a loss , then you will thoroughly enjoy Hoosiers .
 Hoosiers takes you on an emotional ride through the Indiana High School Basketball tournament , following a small high school team , known as the Hickory Huskers . Great inspiration , could n't have been done better . I get goosebumps everytime I watch this excellent film !
 It 's a absolutely good movie . Good acting -LRB- Gene Hackman , Barbara Hershey , Dennis Hopper -RRB- , well-written screenplay -LRB- Angelo Pizzo -RRB- , good director -LRB- David Anspaugh -RRB- ... . But are we able to remember this movie ? I 'm very worried about such a movie which is disappering
 The movie is so acurate as to the feeling of basketball in the state of Indiana . I grew up there and the electricity surrounding the game is unparrelled any where in the world . I think the movie does a great job of showing how the people of Indiana
 No other film has ever captured the feel of small town athletics like `` Hoosiers '' . You really felt the excitement of reaching and then winning a state championship ! Gene Hackman did a great job of playing the head-coach-in-exile , trying to return to the game he loves without letting it control him . And Dennis Hopper is awesome as the town drunk who Hackman tries -LRB- with some success -RRB- to rehabilitate . If there 's a better sports movie out there , I 'd like to know what it is !
 This movie is a true slice of Americana . It tells a wonderful story of triumph over impossible odds . I would recommend this movie to all teens because of its total decencey and honesty . And to all adults because of its message of simple humility while achieving greatness .
 Anyone with a heart will love this movie . And anyone with a hoop in their backyard will cry a river when Jimmy hits the jumper from the top of the key to win it all , and Shooter -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- triumphantly tells his nurse over and over ... `` No team this small has ever been to a state championship !!! '' Well , give it a go , you ca n't score if you do n't shoot .
 Too bad this film is no longer being stocked , as it is extraordinary in many ways
 I am not a basketball fan . I do n't even like the game . What attracted me to this movie was the poster showing a pair of 1950s-looking basketball sneakers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background . I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did . This is one of my all-time favorite movies . It 's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about . Great performances , photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film . One critic called it ` a-stand-up-and-cheer-movie ' and that is exactly what it is . When the opening credits played I just knew this was going to be a great film . Jerry Goldsmith 's music behind the credits showing Gene Hackman traveling across the back roads of mid America is pure Americana . And the final shot of the team photograph on the wall of the empty and silent gymnasium with Hackman 's echoing words put a lump in my throat and a tear in my eye . I suppose there is something endearing to me about our land and the chance for the seemingly unimportant individual to stand together with others against insurmountable odds and accomplish a noble feat or aspiration in one fleeting moment of glory . That is the greatness to be found in the collective spirit of our nation . Whenever you feel down and out try playing this movie . Watch it and you may come away that much richer in spirit .
 I am from Indiana and knew the story of Milan High School before the movie Hoosiers was made . For me , the Milan-Muncie state championship game was priceless . The interviews added to the enjoyment of the movie .
 Hoosiers is a wonderful film . Gene Hackman plays a worn down alcoholic whose parole officer forces him to coach a hapless high school basketball team in rural Indiana . If Hackman 's squad fails to win the state b-ball title he will be sent back to the slammer . Particularly poignant , one of the challenged team members shoots freethrows under-handed a la Wilt Chamberlein . Though I do n't want to spoil the movie 's heart wrenching ending , I will tell you to pack a stack of tissues . Wow . You got ta , I mean got ta , catch this flick . Rated PG for brief nudity and adult language . END
 The dvd came quickly , in time for a special Father 's Day gift , packaged safely .
 We just got our 1st Blu-ray player and this was one of the movies we wanted to upgrade from DVD . Love these movies especially on Blu-ray .
 Hoosiers is a timeless , classic movie . I loved it when it first premiered , now my 10 year old loves it too .
 This DVD was a replacement for a VHS tape I once had . It is great to see the little guy win !
 This is a great film . Normally I do n't like sports movies because I do n't like sports in general , but this is actually a pretty good movie , even for non-sports fans , thanks to its story and acting . Give it a try !
 As any great sports fan would know , the movie Hoosiers has been considered by many to be one of the all-time greatest sports movies . Being such an avid sports fan myself , I had heard a lot about the movie but had never had the chance to see it . I had always been skeptical of it since it was based on a story that took place back in 1954 . The thought of watching a movie that took place such a long time ago always scared me away because I figured it would be incredibly boring . After watching Hoosiers , I can say that was far from the truth . This movie is a top notch , five star rating in my book . As the opening credits rolled , the movie confronted my fears by showing the lead character , Coach Norman Dale -LRB- played by Gene Hackman -RRB- driving in a beat up car to the rural town of Hickory , Indiana in the midst of falling leaves . However , the producers of the film portrayed the setting of the movie in such a unique way that even though it was n't an action packed start , I felt as if I was transported to the movie and had no desire to be elsewhere.For me , the best thing about this movie was that it was n't just a typical underdog story ; this movie had more depth . The main theme present throughout the movie is redemption . Twelve years prior to Coach Norman coming to Hickory , his college coaching career had come to an end for punching one of his players . He was banned by the NCAA for life , and he decided to join the military until finally landing the job as head high school basketball coach . Ms. Myra Fleener -LRB- played by Barbara Hershey -RRB- , a teacher at the high school , set the tone early when she clashed with Norman and snapped , `` A man who comes to a place like this , is either runnin ' away from somethin' or he has nowhere else to go . '' Watching Coach Norman transform and establish himself in Hickory will inspire just about anyone.The combination of all the cast members a part of the film is magnificent . Director David Anspaugh , writer-producer Angelo Pizzo , and the rest of the cast show their brilliance like never before . For Anspaugh and Pizzo , this was their first partnership but the two would later go on to produce another sports classic called Rudy . The two were a great team for this movie because they both grew up in the Midwest and understood the importance basketball had on small towns like this one . Not only did these two show greatness producing the movie , but they also are responsible for a lot of the actor 's accomplishments . Instead of recruiting main stream actors to play the basketball players , they decided to recruit people based on their basketball playing abilities and give them on-set training for acting . It was nice as a viewer to see these actors come across as the real high school athletes that they are , rather than actors in Hollywood . One actor that did have an acting background was Gene Hackman who played the lead role of Coach Norman Dale . Hackman 's performance brought a dynamic personality and important energy to the movie . It is hard to imagine anyone else playing this role as Hackman delivered a performance that seemed to balance the competitiveness during the games and the sadness during the softer scenes perfectly . This movie is a must watch to all !
 I was motivated to review thus primarily to give props to Barbara Hershey , whose character seems to be underappreciated in other reviews . I think that she most certainly is an important part of the plot . Yes , Dennis Hopper is good , but he does n't even have all that much screen time.I think that this film was very tastefully made , with a good , somewhat appropriately stylized approach to the subject matter . I would n't call this the greatest sports movie of all time , but it 's up there . It captures the spirit .
 This is an inspiring and heart-warming story about a coach who is given another , but at the same time , last chance to redeem himself and his career ; Gene Hackman is the right man for the part of the coach . The boys , in a sense , need a chance to enter the state basketball finals in the spring of 1952 . The town people of the small Indiana town do not respect him at first . The female teacher , -LRB- played well by Barbara Hershey -RRB- the first he meets , is cold toward him as well . And yet , he is able to push his boys to the state tournament . Sheb Wooley is a `` good ole boy '' principal who is very encouraging toward his long-time friend . Having grown up in the 50 's , -LRB- I entered the first grade in the fall of 1952 -RRB- while living in a small central Kentucky town , the gnostalgia did affect me positively . This movie is one I 've seen many times , and every time I have I 've almost choked up at such a wonderful movie .
 Watching this movie again last night -LRB- first time I 've seen it in many years -RRB- , left me wondering why Hollywood ca n't come up with more movies like this . It 's really nice to sit down and watch a movie that is not vulgar , overdone with special effects , and has a worthy message for anyone . As a basketball coach Norman Dale is spot on . More Coach Dale 's are needed in todays basketball . If this movie ca n't touch something deep inside you , worry about yourself . I think anyone involved in youth basketball should take the time to watch this movie . Fundamentals are paramount , no one player is more important , mastering the basic skills and playing as a team is what basketball should be about . It is also one of the most enjoyable and heart warming films I 've ever seen . If you have n't seen it watch it , if you have seen it watch it again , if you coach youth basketball you owe it to the kids you coach to watch it .
 Hoosiers wins the hearts of most viewers - especially those raised in the Midwest - with its beautifully filmed opening scenes of Coach Norman Dale driving through rural Indiana early on an autumn morning . No words are spoken , but Jerry Goldsmith 's musical score sets the tone . Quiet , simple notes of anticipation mark the grey predawn ; a beautiful melody accompanies the sunrise ; and the music develops in complexity as the day 's activities begin . Most prominent among the few other persons we see are one boy shooting baskets near a gas station and , further down the road , two others doing the same at a hoop on the side of a barn . Coach Dale and we realize that this almost austere landscape nurtures a passion for basketball.Of course , Hoosiers is first of all a great sports story , rightly called by many the greatest sports movie ever made . One must concede that in this respect , Hoosiers follows the shopworn Hollywood formula
 One of my all time favorite films , and the one that got me into LOVING Gene Hackman . And excellent adventure of an ex College basketball coach filling in the shoes of a small town high school basketball coach . With simply amazing acting from Hackman , who made this role into his own.Based on a true story , this movie attemps to make us believe in a group of young men just trying to make something of themselves , and a coach with a last chance to succeed.Hackman carries the movie , with help from an excellent Supporting Cast . Barbara Hershey plays the lonely teacher who finds a place in the heart of the coach . Beautifully played by both actors.I would recommend this movie to any Hackman fans , or basketball fans . A touching film that does n't dissapoint .
 This is a must-have DVD for the sports enthusiast ! Superb !
 Hoosiers is , in my opinion , quite possibly the best sports-themed movie of all-time . Gene Hackman and Dennis Hopper give great performances as a coach down to his last chance and an alcoholic looking for something to turn his life around respectively . The movie does include a lot of the tired cliches we 've come to expect from sports movies -LRB- ie . the last second shot at the end of the big game , the bench player with a chance to be the hero , the players not understanding their coach , but slowly coming around , etc. -RRB- . What 's amazing though is even if you do know how the movie 's going to end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the magical trip of the basketball team from the small little high school of Hickory . It 's amazing how many coaches in all sports show this movie to their teams in order to get them pumped up for a big game . If you 're a fan of basketball , sports movies , or just good movies in general , you owe it to yourself to check out `` Hoosiers . ''
 One of the greatest sports movies ever ! A must have for any collection !
 My daughter got her M.B.A. from Indiana University in 1993 and of course we went to a couple of IU games - also visited the Basketball Hall of Fame . My daughter loved Indiana so much she stayed there -LRB- I 'm from Bucks County , PA but grew up in the Midwest -RRB- . This is the greatest uplifting movie and the music is wonderful . There is a restaurant in Indy called `` Plump 's Last Shot '' - Jimmy Plump made the shot that Jimmy Chitwood made in the movie and the `` Miracle of Milan '' is still alive and well . The restaurant has scenes from the making of the movie all over its walls . I have the soundtrack and the video and with March Madness coming up soon I know my TV stations will show it but I watch it several times during the year . A `` must-see '' and Gene Hackman is probably my favorite actor .
 Hoosiers is a classic sports movie , so good , that the viewer ca n't help but want it required viewing in all the locker rooms of today 's spoiled sports stars . Hackman is great , Barbara Hershey poignant , and Dennis Hopper tragic in this `` based on a true story '' movie -LRB- though not mentioned in the credits -RRB- . Having been raised in Indiana , even I was impressed with the beauty of the location filming , with music scored to match . My copy is starting to show wear and tear
 Hoosiers is the best , touch your heart movie . Males and females will both love it ! You ca n't beat a good movie about Indiana Basketball .
 While the story is familiar -LRB- underdog becomes champion -RRB- the acting , screenplay and cinematography make you feel as if though you 've never seen this type of story before . It is no wonder that ESPN voted this film the greatest sports movie of the century .
 I love this movie and I have for years . Remember watching it with my dad when growing up and we both still love it . You should watch this movie ... Gene Hackman and Dennis Hopper , how can you go wrong ?
 Some blu-ray transfers look like a VHS photocopy ... NOT THIS ONE ! The picture is crystal clear and the audio , while not perfect , does see improvement . GREAT buy considering the price !
 An inspiring tale of a young colt named Lucky who endures much tragedy -- separation from his mother , war and isolation -- before gathering the courage to roam free in the grueling African desert . Anyone who has ever pondered an animal 's point of view will greatly appreciate Lukas Haas ' narration as the inquisitive voice of Lucky . The pure and , ultimately , triumphant views of this sensitive equine are truly thought-provoking in a world where animals are often discarded . The sweeping cinematography of the African desert is stunning and , at times , reminiscent of `` Lawrence of Arabia '' . The supporting cast is outstanding , especially Chase Moore as the young boy who strikes up an everlasting friendship with Lucky . Overall , `` Running Free '' is a beautiful film which touts the triumph of good over evil , and the persistence of will which allows the underdog to prevail . A word of caution to parents
 My six year old son is a horse lover , so we knew he would like the movie , but we did n't realize that he 'd beg to see it over and over , for days . Afterwards , he and his younger brother would pretend they were the horses in the movie , and prance around the house with joy . My wife an I watched it a few times with them and thought it was great too ; beautifully filmed .
 Caught this unexpected pleasure , on a motel room T.V. . It is a rare , fasinating , high quality Cinematography , educational for all ages , and a highly unusual `` inside '' look into a horse 's world ! I 'm ordering one for Doc Beeman , who is a world known equine vet , and the rest as gifts to myself , and grandchildren .
 This movie was filmed right near where I live and I 'm really impressed with how it turned out . But I 'm puzzled by why it says it takes place in North Africa ... when actually it 's South West Africa ... but anyway , the photography is brilliant . The story is perhaps aimed more towards younger viewers , but it can still be enjoyed by the whole family .
 This is one of the best movie dvd 's I 've seen . If you love horses you simply must see this one . Very well done indeed . Thank you Amazon !
 A very compelling story about a boy and his colt , awesome heartwelming family adventure horse lovers will most entirely love !!!
 good show . we really enjoyed it . I was a good family show . i think any horse person would love it .
 Glad I found this movie on Amazon . As a horse lover , this is one of my favorite childhood movies . I highly recommend getting it , especially for the kids .
 This movie is really entertaining and the acting is great . I really like the scene with the two little foals , Beauty and Lucky , playing together . I liked the girl . The scenery in Africa is stunning , too . The horses are beautiful . I got this movie for my sister 's 12th birthday . She really enjoyed it too . Some scenes are scary and sad for kids under 7 , -LRB- like when the stable is set on fire with the horses in it , and when Lucky 's mother is killed by Caeser -RRB- which is one of the reasons that I gave Running Free four stars insted of five . The names where not very creative , most horses where named things like Lucky or Beauty . Also there is a couple parts where horses do things that a horse would not do , -LRB- like when Caeser kills Lucky 's mother . A stallion would not in a million years kill a mare . -RRB- I like this movie , and it was only $ 6 . Overall , this is a great movie to get if you want an interesting horse movie .
 An awesome movie seen through the horses eyes . Set in the 2nd world war about a young horses rescued by an orphan boy . A neat movie . I really enjoyed watching it
 At first I was trying to figure out where the narrative was coming from , and then I realized it was the pony . It was a great movie , and I thought it was a little humorous that the pony was narrating the entire movie , but at least it was not a distraction . I have seen movies with talking horses before and at times , they became a little redondent . But I think this one was really the best . More often than not , I read the notes about the movie and then make a decision to purchase or not . Those product notes are very very important although at times , misleading as to language and content . This one was not , and I loved it . This was an excellent movie . I think it touched all of the emotions every single one of them . The horses were absolutely beautiful , and it was easy to become absorbed in their lives . The introduction of the tribal children and their interaction with the horse was excellent , and the ending was unbelievable , who could expect that outcome . I can not wait to watch it again . Great movie !
 This was not the movie I thought it was or that I was looking for . It was a good movie though and me and my 9 year old liked it a lot .
 I already have this DVD . Bought this 2nd DVD for my friend who loves horses . Staged in Africa during early WWI , I was amazed at how realistic the scenes were using animal `` actors '' . Running Free reveals a parody ... cruelty/kindness among humans and animals alike . The story is narrated by a young colt named Lucky who shows courage and strength in order to survive over tragedy and the most adverse desert conditons .
 I bought this DVD for my wife who loves horses . It was a good movie .
 This movie was very enjoyable by both young and old . I especially enjoyed it because of my love of horses and the idea of setting the horse free , the way they should be
 Possibly the best of the Garland/Rooney partnership movies -LRB- Babes on Broadway.Strike Up the Band -RRB- Collectors and fans will not be disappointed .
 This classic film stars Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland as teenagers living in Seaport , Long Island , NY just before the Great Depression struck . Vaudeville is dying ; thus Rooney 's family business as show biz perfomers is very much at stake . When the older folks leave Seaport to put on a show and prove to the world that Vaudeville is not dead yet ; they leave the younger folks behind . What to do ? Put on a show ! Rooney 's character trys to woo some fading child star so she can put up the money for the show and bumps Garland from the lead . She inevitably retakes the lead in the show and everything ends happily ever after when out of nowhere some hot-shot producer likes what he saw in the barn show scene . -LRB- By the way , one cautionary note
 The plot is almost exactly like those in Mickey and Judy 's other films together , eg `` Strike up the Band . '' But still , it 's better than the junky movies Hollywood makes today.Margaret Hamilton once again is excellent as the villian , a rich , elegant woman who wants to see Mickey , Judy , and the other children sent to boarding school to get a `` proper education . '' Like `` Wizard of Oz '' in which she played the Wicked Witch , she seems to be always there though she is only on screen for a matter of minutes.All in all , this is a good family movie for a rainy Sunday afternoon .
 Great old movie , good watching for the times we live in . A lot of good music .
 Mickey and Judy shine in this movie about teenagers who want thier big break in show business . In his Oscar nomitating role Mickey is an aspiring song writer who wants to prove that he is no lionger a kid . A wonderful film for musical fans and of fans of Judy Garland . I strongly recommend watching the movie that help start the careers of 2 of the most wonderful entertainers in MGM and the movie that started the `` Backyard Musical '' theme of `` Let 's put on a Show ! ''
 In the year 1939 , BABES IN ARMS was MGM 's top-grosser , with ticket sales that surpassedGONE WITH THE WIND , GOODBYE , MR. CHIPSandTHE WIZARD OF OZ . Busby Berkeley directed this complete rewrite of Rodgers & Hart 's Broadway play.The `` let 's put on our own show '' plot is a convenience for some outstanding numbers , including the title song plus
 I THINK ITS A GREAT MOVIE . JUDY IS JUST PLAIN MAGNIFINCENT IN IT , MICKEY IS SO COMICAL IN THE PART IN WHICH HE ACTS LIKE CLEOPATRA AND CLARK GABLE . IT 'S A MUST SEE AND MUST HAVE FOR ANY JUDY GARLAND OR MICKEY ROONEY FAN .
 I do n't know what I was expecting with this film . I actually thought it was a war movie . I knew that it had garnered Mickey Rooney his first Oscar nomination , and well , I 'm not that fond of Rooney so I was n't really too keen on seeing the movie to be honest . But , I do love Judy Garland -LRB- and her offspring -RRB- and so I decided to check it out -LRB- that , and 1939 is on my list of years to embrace everything cinematically -RRB- . I was kind of blown away.While I did find Rooney to be a tad hammy in parts -LRB- his true breakout performance was the year before , in ` Boys Town ' , where he should have netted an Oscar -RRB- , his performance almost seemed perfectly in tune with the direction of the film.The film tells the story of vaudeville children who rise together to raise money for their families . Their parents were at one time big stars in the world of vaudeville , but with the influx of motion pictures , their careers have dwindled . Wanting a better life for their children , these parents feel it better to push them in a more solidified direction , but these kids have talent and they want a chance to shine as their parents once did . The ringleader of this gang seems to be Michael , a young and tempestuous boy who knows how to write a good jingle and happens to have a commanding presence with the other kids . When their parents all depart for a reunion tour in hopes of reigniting fame , the kids all band together under the wing of young Michael to put on a stage production -LRB- inside a barn -RRB- in order to raise money and pay their families debts.Mickey Rooney may have been the star , and he may have been the Oscar nominee , but this film kind of lives and breathes inside the brilliance that is Judy Garland . Coming out the very same year she dazzled in ` The Wizard of Oz ' , ` Babes in Arms ' was a wonderful vehicle to display Garland 's many talents . She sings beautifully ; she charms awkwardly -LRB- which is what I love so much about her -RRB- and she really understands the dramatic dimensions of this film . Her tear filled train ride alone is a major highlight to the film , for it layers her character marvelously.Some may balk at this film and call it silly , but I do n't . It is highly enjoyable and beautifully composed . It may lather on sentiment where it did n't need to , but that was the times and so it ca n't really be blamed for it . The film is a great movie musical that is n't recognized as profoundly as it should be . When you think of 1939 you think of ` Gone With the Wind ' -LRB- such a glory hog -RRB- and ` The Wizard of Oz ' , but in all honesty , ` Babes in Arms ' is just as good , maybe even better .
 I enjoyed this movie for the most part . After all , it was well-acted , had beautiful music , had an uplifting , inspring ending , what 's not to like , right ? Well , fact is , it 's been a while since I saw it , and frankly I ca n't remember the music , or even much of the story ; so , what 's left , you ask ? Vivid recollections of the disturbing behavior of the characters , and a feeling of unease , and wanting to avoid watching it again . Too bad , but maybe I 'll just get some of artist 's music instead .
 Countless people have already discussed the story of the film itself . This review is strictly for the quality of the Blu-ray Edition.I ordered this directly from Amazon.it -LCB- Italy -RCB- , and I must mention that it has been an extremely long time since I have been emotionally moved in such an immense manner , all thanks to this 01Distribution Rai Cinema Italian company . While all the other companies completely forgot about this film , I am incredibly grateful that they were willing to go through the extreme effort and expense in releasing this film in such a super high quality format . This is not a cheap , quickly-done Blu-ray attempt . The bit-rates are sometimes as high as 45 + MBPS !! I watched this on the 55 '' LW5700 LG 3D Cinema screen connected to the Oppo BDP-93 Blu-ray player and the Denon AVR-3300CI receiver in true 5.1 channel surround sound , and the experience was absolutely nothing short of breathtaking ! I watched it in 3D , and the picture quality is so immaculate and flawless , that I was finally able to see details and depth in this film that I NEVER imagined possible . This Blu-ray Edition also includes the original trailer in its ' untouched VHS quality-level , and it is truly astonishing to witness the difference side-by-side ! The sound quality is stunningly gorgeous !! And I could also hear details that I never heard before ! This is what I have been waiting for , for an extremely long time , and I commend the Rai Cinema company for doing such an immaculate job on this new release !
 So uplifting ! Wonderful to see someone defy the odds . And wonderful to see the good side of human nature as well as the bad .
 I had watched this movie `` Shine '' at least 3 times prior to purchasing it from Amazon . It was that interesting . The TRUE STORY human interest factory staring actory Geoffery Rush in itself is reason enough that one should watch this movie . The movie is about a child prodogy piano player who is offered scholarships to advance his piano playing ability . However his father will have no part of his son leaving the family which the father claims must stay together . The father becomes quite violent with his son in order to keep him from leaving home to purse his dream which changes the sons personality . He further tells his son that if he leaves home , he no longer is part of their family . The son finally leaves home & Medical attention becomes neccessary , however his talent and love of the piano prevails which results in this facinating story .
 New product received as promised unopened and in original wrapping . Excellent quality and excellent service . I would recommend . Very satisfied .
 This is a bittersweet movie about a boy and a controlling father . He plays the piano and is based on a true story . If you are a fan of Geoffery Rush -LRB- Pirates of the Carribean -RRB- you will enjoy this film . It has a happy ending .
 excellent movies , to watch a child bordige fall apart by his father wishes it is sad but her is has a happy ending.very well gone , well done with all the good actors and actorsis
 Shine was one of my favorite movies when I first saw it . liked it so well I wanted another copy
 This was a very interesting movie and pleasant surprise , although sometimes that theme of the obsessive parent driving a kid crazy gets overworked . Nonetheless , it 's a very well-made movie.Geoffrey Rush is fascinating in the lead role as `` David Helfgott . '' However , I would give equal kudos to Noah Taylor , who played Helfgott as a teenager , and to Armin Mueller-Stahl , who was Helfgott 's father . They were just as impressive as Rush.This is a supposedly true-life story of child prodigy piano player from Australia . As you can imagine , the music in here is excellent . Even better is the cinematography . Wow , this looks and sounds fantastic on DVD ! I 'd love to see a sharp Blu-Ray transfer of this movie.Although not always pleasant to watch , the story is riveting ; hard to put down once you 've started watching . In all , a very intense , beautifully-photographed biography .
 Wonderful tearjerker showing some of life 's excesses . Stunning music and a euphorius ending that will set free any suppressed emotions ...
 All I can say is , everything you want in a dramtic film is here . The realism of overcoming harsh abuse by an over protective father and the quest to play Rachmaninoff 's Concerto No. 3 lends itself to a first class dramatic piece of work.The music is excellent and I ca n't say enough about Geoffrey Rush 's performance as the true David Helfgott is unforgettable .
 Bear in mind that this was one of the first generations of DVDs that were released , and so many of the additional features that we enjoy now were never added in these earlier release titles . I do hope that `` Shine '' is re-released with more in - depth features , including something that focuses on David Hefgott , the pianist that this movie is based on . I truly hope the decision is made to interview or document Helfgott in some way . That 's the only reason I deducted a star , because the movie is outstanding . I would urge those who enjoyed this film to contact FineLine Pictures , who released the movie , and urge them to create a special edition DVD to include this.The real David Helfgott actually contributed as a musician -LRB- pianist , of course -RRB- for this wonderful film about his life , dramatizing his struggles through his childhood and breakdown as an adolescent . Yet it is n't about gloomy and depressing accounts but about survival and living to the best of one 's abilities . Those who have little patience with people who are schizophrenic may become a bit uneasy at the performance of Geoffrey Rush who played the adult Helfgott . Rush 's acting was impeccable and very believable , which is why some might be a little agitated or confused at the stuttering and incomplete and rambling dialog by Rush 's character.But have patience in getting to understand Helfgott as the movie progresses . It can confuse the viewer since there are flashbacks and flash forwards . But you know , this was one beautifully produced movie . It has had high replay , because the film simply touches the heart . Just relax and allow the movie -LRB- and Helfgott 's character -RRB- absorb you . By the end , you 'll really FEEL how much of a journey that David Helfgott traveled to arrive where he did.And for those who enjoy Lynn Redgrave , my gosh . Her portrayal of Gillian was superb . Redgrave did n't even get any type of top billing and she did n't appear until late in the movie , yet I felt like Gillian and David were my own family by the end.The DVD 's special features include a movie trailer , a video clip of an award presented to Rush -LRB- look for Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise together in the audience -RRB- and a somewhat unusually - formatted Q/A with director Scott Hicks -LRB- about a dozen questions are displayed and when you select one , a video with an answer by Hicks plays -RRB- . `` Shine '' was n't meant to be a tearjerker movie , but it got to me . I sometimes ca n't watch even the trailer without getting a lump in my throat.Lovers of piano concertos and also those who appreciate classical music would be especially grateful for this cinematic gem .
 One of the greatest stories of overcoming obstacles , Shine is the pinnacle example of good old-fashioned tenacity and persistence in a world that stigmatizes the emotionally needy . Based on the life of Australian Piano virtuoso David Helfgott , the film takes us on a journey of anger , relationships , triumph and forgiveness from beginning to end . After a growing up with an abusive father and suffering a nervous breakdown , Helfgott faces the struggle having been in and out of institutions for the greater part of his life . Trying to piece his life back together he rediscovers his talent and begins to realize the fact he has just as much right to be happy and successful as anybody else . The storyline and director keep the audience open-eyed until the very last moment where we are allowed to witness the subtle but unmistakable climax . Geoffrey Rush , who portrays the role of Helfgott during his adult life , performed all music as seen -LRB- no hand doubles -RRB- and heard in this exceptional story of the human spirit 's capacity to overcome .
 Shine is about dreams , love , failure and success . Young David Helfgott wants to go abroad to study piano and take advantage of a grant he 's offered against his father 's wishes . The emotional stress ends up crippling his dreams of becoming a famous pianist and spending a good part of his life in a mental institution . This movie is filled with magical scenes with subtle messages like the one where the David 's father goes to see him after many years and talks very casually and almost apologetic about trivial things and then leaves as we see him walk down the wet dark streets below from David 's point of view . The father 's message
 Before I watched this movie yesterday , I knew this was Geoffrey Rush 's Oscar-winning performance , that Joel Siegiel considered it to be one the greatest movies ever , and that it won plenty of trophies . But I had no idea what the movie was actually about . I 'd seen no trailers and knew very little about the actors ' resume -LRB- even Rush 's movies I can only count to about 10 -RRB- . So I was fortunate to watch this DVD with a fresh perspective.This is the fall-and-rise -LRB- that 's not a typo -RRB- of David Helfgott , a very gifted pianist who is trained since he was a boy by his deeply disturbed father Peter . Eventually , after enduring unbearable turmoil within the family , teenage Helfgott attends the Royal College of Music , and practiced Ragmaninoff 's `` Rach 3 '' -LRB- supposedly the most difficult piece in the world -RRB- with such determination and focus that he perfected the technique , while the emotional ride eventually broke him . When the movie first introduces us to Helfgott , he is a rambling confused man , who finds his way back into a small Australian restaurant and starts joyfully playing the piano.If this sounds like another version of `` A Beautiful Mind , '' have no fear . This movie wisely ignores the psychological talk , and focuses on the emotions of the characters . `` Shine '' does not care about what 's going on inside David 's mind ; instead , we see how his somewhat abusive childhood and unattended confusion affects his interaction with the world around him . The facial expressions tell the story , not doctors ' diagnoses -LRB- which there is none -RRB- . Armin Mueller-Stahl 's performance as Peter Helfgott is absolutely marvelous . He is a man capable of loving his son , but is so intense -LRB- and sometimes violent -RRB- that he ca n't embrace his gifted son the way David needs . John Gielgud gives another great performance as David 's College professor , who also pushes David to reach his potential , but with more balance and affection than Peter does . Lynn Redgrave is also excellent as the woman who befriends and helps heal -LRB- in a way -RRB- David . Geoffrey Rush is terrific in `` Shine , '' but the movie could 've better defined him . You see , Rush is kind of the lead role , but we do n't really get into his performance until the second half of the movie . We begin `` Shine '' by seeing this bizarre , over-friendly stranger who wanders into a cafe -- we 're supposed to think , `` Who is this baffling man ? '' I actually find Noah Taylor 's turn as the teenage David more compelling and moving than Rush 's portion of the character . Which is probably why I do n't like this movie quite as much as most do.You see , `` Shine '' is actually two stories . The first act focuses on the tension between David and Peter . This is very well-executed , because Mueller-Stahl 's intensity opposite Taylor 's innocence and desperation is absolutely amazing . Even when the two characters are n't together , you can still feel the anger and conflict . David and Peter must have felt those same strong emotions ... day after day , night after night.The second story is Rush 's half of the film , when the grown-up David Helfgott is trying to cope with the world now that he is alone . Director Scott Hicks makes it very clear that the people in David 's life helped him reassimilate into the world , but what about David 's efforts ? Instead of feeling genuinely moved , there are times when adult David is used simply as a mentally-damaged man who has difficulty compiling a comprehensive thought . We share the frustration and test-of-patience the characterx feel , but it 's almost too effective . When Peter coldly tells his rambling son , `` Get to the point , '' the monstrous antagonist became my hero for a brief moment . The second half of `` Shine '' is several genres of movies crammed into a hour-length . Do n't get me wrong ... this is a well-made movie . There are no plots holes or character inconsistencies whatsoever . Hicks has great control of the camera and wonderful attention to the simplest detail . His timing is dead-on , and listening to his interviews on the DVD merits a second viewing . I just felt that the comeback part of the movie needed more story . This movie is only 105 minutes including credits . With actors like this , I would 've gladly taken a 2-hour picture.However , Rush and Redgrave are still heart-warming in their roles . When the world applauses David 's skills in a concert , and we see his tears , we are relieved that pain and suffering have ended ... even if for only a brief moment in time . Very few films invoke a stronger sense of hope.FINAL NOTE - If you 're wondering why the movie is called `` Shine , '' Scott Hicks answers that question on the DVD . But you should watch it for yourself , because you 'll understand soon enough .
 This should be used as a textbook example of how all dramas should be made . Everything about this film is right , it 's moving , the acting is brilliant , it 's believable and it does n't take it 's audience for granted . It knows what we hate about usual dramas , usually produced by the sentiment of Hollywood , and avoids them all . Director Scott Hicks shows that he knows how to deal with the development of a particular character when he is played by several actors over a number of decades . He keeps the character flowing and growing believably through the brilliant performances of both Noah Taylor and Geoffrey Rush . Armin Mueller Stahl , as helfgott 's father , is also brilliant , and the whole cast are capable . An engaging , moving experience , another example of how Australian cinema is blossoming talent in all areas .
 Shine tells the true story of child genius pianist David Helfgott who suffers physical and mental abuse through his overbearing father -LRB- Armin Mueller Stahl -RRB- until he finally manages to escape to university in London . However , his childhood still bearing over him along with the pressures of having to do well force his eccentricities to breaking point until he suffers a mental breakdown after performing Rachmaninoff 's Concerto No. 3 in D Minor . Spending his early adult years in an institution it is n't until he meets Lynn Redgrave , an astrologist , and starts up playing the piano at a local bar that David realises his true potential.For years now the true life saga has been marred by criticism for being inaccurate or overly sensationalist . Witness the good but ultimately incredibly flawed -LRB- despite superb performances -RRB- Beautiful Mind from a couple of years ago . Play around with the material and you will only garner mixed reviews . Even movies about madness seem to have a certain stigma attached to them simply due to the fact that many seem tailored towards the star . Neither of these is the case with Shine , an understated and therefore touching and genuine movie from Australia . Whilst the main theme of overcoming all obstacles to realise the person that you can be may sound clich&eacute;d , it is here done incredibly well by all concerned . It 's slow-burning , which might put a few people off , but the emotional pay-off is intense and even though this wo n't make you cry -LRB- something that appears to be almost requisite for a genre that often suffocates in sentimentality -RRB- it 's certainly intelligent and makes you think.A lot of what makes Shine such an impressive view of madness os down to some superb performances from Noah Taylor -LRB- Flirting -RRB- and Geoffrey Rush -LRB- Lantana -RRB- as the teenage and adult David respectively . The character progression is among the best I 've seen in the last few years on film , ensuring constantly that madness is never reduced to a mere stereotype . Rush 's performance was deservedly Oscar-winning , although Taylor is every bit as good as you watch David 's eccentricities gradually become more and more detatched from reality . The fact that the filmmakers can then mould this into a sympathetic character that is starting to overcome his own insanity is very good indeed . Also worthy of mention is Lynn Redgrave as David 's future wife , who puts in an understated performance to go with a decidedly understated movie that is all the better for it . If you liked this I 'd highly recommend Hilary and Jackie , which tells the story of British cellist Jacqueline du Pr&eacute; in a similarly sympathetic but realist fashion .
 This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen . I bought this DVD as a gift , as I have seen this film five times already in three different languages . I was astounded at how the film was at once simple yet moving and realistic withouyt resorting to any sappiness . as someone who has struggled to become a good pianist -LRB- though hardly a virtuoso -RRB- , I understood the emotion and desire that can overcome you as you decide to tackle a difficult piece . Learning it is akin to a great triumph . I think the film is strongest during the sequence that depicts Helfgott 's study at the Royal Conservatory as he learns the Rachmaninov concerto no. 3 . The shots of the hands climbing the keyboard , the emphasis on the choirds of the main cadenza and the obvious satisfaction shown by the actor were very moving . I was on the edge of my seat . I think , howver , the scene that truly shows what music can mean is one of the final ones as helfgott is jumping on a net listening to a headset playing a Vivaldi cantata . He 's completely lost in the music and an unbound happiness . As I told the girl that accompanied me to my first viewing of the film , that 's what music means to me .
 This is truly one of the best movies in the world !! If anybody wants to cry , but feel good about it then this is the perfect movie . This is another movie that displays how GREAT Australian actors are . I truly liked this movie because it is well written and it really gives the audience the satisfaction they want to get or deserve . Aside from being well written , the movie also displayed how important a family could be , and how the main characters father treasured the family he had . I did not really dislike anything in the film except how the main character was used in a number of ways . I hope many will like thgis film as I did .
 This movie is just stunning , I 've never seen a movie that has so much power , so much enthusiasm , and so much drama all at the same time . I 'd recommend this movie to anyone ! It 's the best movie I 've ever seen , I instanly went out and got the sound track!The music in this film is just outstanding , and it will make you want to go and learn to play the piano.Everyone in this film does an excellent job . This movie just draws you into it . I 'm a man who has always liked the scary movies , and also the funny ones , never drama . But this movie just blew me away with it 's joy of the human spirit . My heart still races when I hear the beautiful music of the film . Great job to everyone.I 'd really like to know more about this main character as far as what 's he doing now , and did he play any part in the making of the film . This is just a tremendous movie !
 felt the acting to the core of shine ... geoffrey rush is the man of the hour ... look forward to more movies with him .
 Very dark and different kind of TRUE story , great cast as well , it keeps your interest all the way through.The ending is very uplifting , had a great time watching it , ca n't wait to see it again !
 Great , I enjoyed receiving it on time ... keep up the god work ... It came on time and as it was described
 Portrays the tragedy of physical abuse combined with over expectation on human beings . The resurrection of a human soul is awe inspiring . One of my favorites . Purchased for a friend with somewhat similar experiences .
 A superior film about a true story made with the help of the real person it celebrates . Anyone seriously interested in playing classical music and/or Holocaust survivors and their families will be touched to the core . Outstanding performances by the entire cast . Unforgettable supporting role by Sir John Gielgud as a music professor .
 As a pianist , physician , and writer , I watched this film with great anticipation . It more than met my expectations . The portrayal of David was moving , heart-breaking , and , finally , rewarding . The acting was superb . The screenplay , including the plot device of the domineering , over-protective father fatally flawed by the Holocaust , all fit together . The redemption relationship at the end -- perfect . I do n't know exactly how closely all this parallels the true story , but the film was wonderful . The music was sublime , too .
 We saw this movie several years ago and really enjoyed it . I wanted my music teacher friend to see it , so I ordered it and we watched it the other night when she came over for dinner . Anyone who loves music would enjoy this movie !
 Shine is a masterpiece of storytelling . It is the true story of David Helfgott , a child prodigy pianist , who suffered a psychological breakdown and lost himself . The film begins with David as an adult -LRB- played brilliantly by Geoffrey Rush -RRB- and quickly flashes back to David 's childhood , and we see the strain put upon David by his overbearing abusive father . Then , the middle of the film takes us through David 's life as a young adult -LRB- played by Noah Taylor -RRB- , in school . Here , we see signs of his emtional and mental derangement . There is a scene where he goes to retrieve a letter from a public mailbox , oblivious to the fact that he is naked from the waist down . While trying to perform Rachmoninov 's 3rd concerto - a piece of music which , according to his mentor/teacher -LRB- played masterfully by Sir John Gielgud -RRB- is maddening to play - David has a collapse , which leads to him lose his mind and turn in on himself . Later , the film returns to David as an older man . Because of his breakdown , he goes from one home to another , or stays with a friend . One night , he visits a tavern and impresses the crowd with a brilliant performance of Flight Of The Bumblebee on the piano . A woman at the bar befriends him and eventually offers him a place to stay , and through her , he meets his future wife -LRB- played wonderfully by Lynn Redgrave -RRB- . The story is far more involved than my brief summary . But , you get the idea . The performances in this film are all outstanding . Rush won an Academy Award -LRB- and I think a Golden Globe Award too -RRB- . Noah Taylor should have also won an award ... his performance as young David was a brilliant work . This movie is an award-winner and well worth the acclaim . It 's a masterpiece . You will laugh , cry , and stand up to cheer .
 Involving , stunningly executed feature benefits from a smart , knowing script and an astonishing , Oscar winning performance by Rush as the adult David . -LRB- Noah Taylor also excels playing Helfgott as an adolescent -RRB- . Mueller-Stahl makes your skin crawl as the haunted father . An often harrowing tale that ends on an uplifting , inspirational note .
 I knew nothing about this DVD when I bought it except what I read in the reviews on Amazon . This movie being based on a true story made it extra enticing . I was not disappointed . Once I stopped concentrating so hard on deciphering what the main character was saying , as due to his mental defect , he spoke very rapidly and repeated phrases , it was even more enjoyable . If you enjoy someone triumping over physical , emotional and social hardships , this movie is for you . I do n't know if Geoffrey Rush was nominated for an Oscar , but he should have been . Excellent acting .
 Loved this movie , have viewed multiple times . I am glad that I bought this .
 This movie was excellant , From begening to end The drama and intensity of this movie goes to the extreames . Well worth the price to own and watch and watch again ...
 An amazing performance by Geoffrey Rush and an enthralling storyline makes this film on of the most effectivly thought provoking dramas of all time .
 This movie is for everyone that has been told they could ` nt achieve their lifes dream . David Helfgott proved everyone wrong ... and was the exception
 Emotional story of a imperious father ' devastting effect on a sensitive musical genius .
 A film so good that even though the leading man only appears in a half-hour or so of the film , he wins about every award known to film actors . The rest of the film did n't do so bad either . There is some hyperbole , the `` Rach 3 '' is n't unplayable , but everything fits to get the various points across . I think what impresses me most is the overall quality of the production and acting . Not a comedy , not a psycho-drama but a rather joyful one hanky view of someone 's rather screwed up life . Lots of good music too .
 I 've heard the story of D. Helfgott , from my father when i was 13 . I 'm now 32 and the first i saw the movie , i was amazed . Reflects all the `` life '' hes 's lived .
 A Jewish boy in Australia named David Helfgott has amazing talent for the piano . Apparently in order for him to take his career to the next level he must go to London , but his father forbids this . The movie is taking the position that the father was wrong , disturbed . But judging from what happens to the boy in London , who knows ? The boy has a breakdown in London , after he disobeys his father and makes the move . The breakdown costs him his career . Suddenly he talks like Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man , if Hoffman 's character was on speed . Amazingly , he recovers in a sense , meets a nice woman who wants him , and succeeds to some degree in the music world . The best parts of the movie are the happy ones , the successful ones , when the piano player is already brain damaged and talking in the most eccentric way , but making it . The worst parts of the movie are when the boy is normal but unhappy , quarreling with his father . Because of this movie , I picked up the David Helfgott CD . Is he any good ? How do I know . I 'm not that knowledgeable about the classical music he is playing . He plays with spirit .
 The DVD version is one disc only . The only special features it has is questions for the director Scott Hicks and Rushes acceptance speech . You will need to turn over the movie to view the features . Besides that , this is an excellent movie about the real life story of Helgott - a musician who struggles with his art and with himself . Many would say this movie is about madness but to be honest with this movie is about acceptance and how not everyone loses their abilities after a set-back . I would recommend this movie for all musicians .
 It is a spectacular movie , full of drama
 As a pianist , I was swept away by the intensity of this movie , as well as its beautiful soundtrack . Any music-lover can understand the mixture of sacrifice , determination , hard work and hope that makes a brilliant musician . I highly recommend this movie to anyone who has ever loved a piece of music or the sound of a flawless piano concerto - a beautiful tribute to an unforgettable pianist !
 While this movie does lose a little of its visual sweep on the small screen , the story , acting , and emotions all come through . Rush deservedly won to Oscar for his on target perfromance of pianist David Helftgott . If you have not seen this move wait no longer , and if you ever get the chance to see it on the big screnn DO !
 What can I tell ya , when I was just 8 years old I can remember sitting next to a piano with my father , who was n't as insane as the one in the movie , but was enough problematic to make me remember that unpleasant experience . This movie is amazing , the plot is excellent , and the actors are wonderful , not one phony moment , but a well written script that makes you shed a tear at the end of it . You have the same feeling like in Rocky movies every time you see david appear in a concert - it makes you feel the experience he is going through . Excellent performance by the actors I must add ... If you have it already , it can be an excellent gift to any music teacher you know , or anyone who 's into playing Piano or any other instrument . Buy it , you wo n't regret it , trust me .
 In the beginning of the movie Shine , when we first meet the middle aged David Helfgott babbling to himself and wandering in the rain , he is in a state of transition . Behind him is the emotionally isolated existence as a child piano prodigy whose emotional turmoil led to a nervous breakdown and years of staying in a mental institution . Ahead of him is his eventual reconnection with the world around him driven by love and his virtuoso talent that had been long abandoned . As the movie progresses , we first see David 's childhood living under his domineering father , Peter Helfgott in a suburban Melbourne house surrounded by barb wire . Peter is a Holocaust survivor , having seen his family destroyed at the hands of the Nazis . He rules the family with a stern demeanor , suffocating them with his love . Peter is obsessed with winning , and the need to keep his family together . This philosophy is imparted on young David , and nothing short of winning satisfies his father . David 's father tells him `` I know life is cruel , but music will always be your friend , everything else will let you down in the end . Everything . Believe me , everything . '' Under the guidance of piano teacher Ben Rosen , David 's skill is refined , winning him several competitions . In a national championship , he is offered a scholarship by violin master Isaac Stern to study in the United States . However , unwilling to loosen the grip on his son , Peter forbids David from going.After this missed opportunity , the piano teacher is replaced by an old Russian woman , who continues to encourage David and a second opportunity arises . David gets a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London . Once again , his father forbids him to go , but in his first show of independence , David leaves the Helfgott home , and his father severs all relations with him . In London , David is mentored by Cecil Parkes and learns to play Rachmaninoff 's Third Piano Concerto , one of the most difficult piano pieces to play . David plays this piece perfectly in concert , but suffers an emotional breakdown as a result . We then see David ten years later and he is a shattered man , spending his days in a mental institution , his talent unused , and his name forgotten . One rainy night , having wandered off , he comes upon a restaurant , and expresses himself on the unused piano against the back wall of the restaurant , playing an amazing rendition of The Flight of the Bumblebee . Impressed by his skill and the reaction of the restaurant patrons , the owner of the restaurant hires him to play there . Word of the master piano player spreads across Australia , and soon David finds himself on the stage of a recital hall once again . And along the way , he also finds true love , Gillian an astrologer who inspires him to greatness once again . When David does play again , many years later , he rejects the hollow philosophy of his father and begins a new path , embracing the support of those around him . He truly does shine .
 Geoffrey Rush gives the perfomance of a lifetime in this inspirational film.If this movie does n't tug at your heart strings you are not human .
 Even now , after seeing `` The Pianist '' from Polansky , I think that SHINE is equally or even a more `` brilliant '' film , let 's say ... And in fact the main Shine Actor role demands such an interpretation that we do n't see in `` The Pianist '' , which actor almost look the world on a passive way ... Shine , on the other hand , is an amazing film , it 's actor seems to really incorporate and love the character !! Shine exuberates in love for life in such a way that it literally extracts tears from our eyes.Perhaps if the `` The pianist '' actor would be that one of Shine , the result could be better.In a phrase
 Armin Mueller Stahl dominates `` Shine '' just as the father he plays dominated the film 's subject , David Helfgott , a brilliant pianist crushed under the weight of implacable , savage , unremitting paternal love and expectation . Again and again the film 's hardest scenes are those in which a savage beating , with fists or words or towels , is followed by an embrace , cloying and suffocating , and the litany `` No one will ever love you like I do . . if you leave you will be punished the rest of your life ... only the strong survive . `` Scott Hicks ' movie opens with a piano competition where David , eight , is already cowed enough to not answer when asked the title of the piece that he will play . The father answers . The child plays , brilliantly , even following the piano as it rolls away across the stage , but he does not win . Daddy marches away furious.Daddy 's folks were boiled up in the camps and Daddy 's own father , a stern and irreligious presence still tacked on the wall in the tiny , tin walled hut they share with two sisters and mother firmly under thumb , Daddy 's Daddy would n't let Daddy have music when Daddy was young , Daddy , as he recalls again and again to David , saved up his pennies when he was young to buy a violin and what did Daddy 's Daddy do ? Daddy smashed it , with his fist . Just like that . Which is why David is very lucky , a very lucky boy to have his piano . What is he ? Say it , he should say it . And David says just how lucky he is.The Rachmaninov 3 Concerto eventually breaks his mind . Or rather , the pressure built up around winning it , winning the encounter with his music , winning , finally , in these small bantam weight contests of life . While waiting to be told the outcome of the Australian state contest he waits with his main rival . `` It 's tough is n't it Roger ? '' he says . `` It 's a blood sport , '' Roger replies and goes on , shudderingly relieved , to win . `` Shine '' is above all an examination of the consequences of not winning , at life , the consequences of being forced to feel winning the only thing , of being forced to try and accomodate one pressure , be it a father or an absolute perfection to attempt , and failing , necessarily , to measure up.The comparison that comes to mind quite early on is Jane Campion 's first feature `` An Angel at My Table '' , with its portrait likewise of an artist who detours through mental illness to arrive at recognition . `` Shine '' has a different narrative structure , starting with Geoffrey Rush 's grown up and all but mentally incompetent Helfgott , charming but looney except when at the piano , then flashing back to that eight year old competitor and everything that followed to explain the continuing present in which he finally finds a place to play the piano to unconditional adulation -LRB- a restaurant -RRB- , a woman who loves him and provides , likewise , unconditional affection -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- and finally the return to the concert stage . The thing is , Jane Campion imbues her artist 's passage through the veil with mystical , mysterious , somehow beguiling images that throw upon the universe the colours of her life . Hicks ' Helfgott is just left out in the rain frequently , in fact with such continuing regularity that you wish they 'd just stick an umbrella in his hand - surely it ca n't have rained all night and every night in the outback and this seems like cheap sympathy begging and betrays the basic lack of grandeur to the film-maker 's vision . `` He 's pitiful because he ca n't get in out of the rain , poor duck . '' This sort of thing grates on your viewer , after a while.The performances are uniformly strong , notably Noah Taylor as the teenage prodigy , probably more haunting than Rush 's grown up loon and straddling effortlessly the range from cowering terror , quizzical humour , longing , love and passionate nay psychotic and guileless devotion to the art . Gielgud does his usual cameo as the music master whose performance you might paint by numbers , though a moment when he tells of playing the Rachmaninov 3 for the man himself is touching , and the film is full of such moments . But finally , as the now calmer though still frantic Helfgott is walking from his father 's grave with his calm , practical wife who says `` There is a reason for everything , '' you wonder if that 's enough of an answer to give to tragedy , enough of a vision even to append after a tragedy . Jane Campion leaves her heroine in `` Angel at My Table '' writing alone at night in a caravan and listening `` to the sea , to the sea '' . I wished many times in this movie that this hero , so crushed by the quotidian and torn apart by one man 's experience of hell , might have accounted more for wonder , might have made the world a little more explicable in its fall .
 Contrary to popular belief , this movie is extremely accurate in the portrayal of David Helfgott . It is a moving and delightful movie with a touch of the harshness of growing up as a young , Jewish prodigy , in a broken home . The movie is well done and the soundtrack is also worth every penny ! Also , concerning David 's own album where he plays Rachmaninoff is wonderful too . I 'd like to see ANYONE attempt to play `` Rach 3 ! '' It is one of the most difficult piano pieces to play ! You may need to watch this movie two or three times to catch all that is happening .
 `` It is paradise to perform in front of an audience ... I feel at one with the audience and I have an image in my thoughts which inspires me . I think of the beauty of the music and imagination it generates . '' ~ David HelfgottComic and profound , Shine reaches into the heart of what every meaningful movie seems to embody . The underlying currents are dark and cold , but the heights reach for a much more breezy mood and playful appeal . As a child prodigy struggles to live his life and please his father , he finds ways to survive even when his mind is drenched in obsessions and his life is a series of creative adventures.As if he ca n't contain the creativity it jumps from him in moments of inspired greatness . The way this story is woven together on screen is especially entertaining and you ca n't help but cry , laugh and be pleasantly surprised by the moments of inappropriate yet hilarious behavior . When David Helfgott speaks it is fast and furiously with his mind making connections in a very intriguing fashion.One of the brilliant moments is when Sir John Gielgud is shouting
 SHINE is a truly inspiring film about how one musician , David Helfgott , overcomes his domineering father and the unforgiving Rachmaninoff 3 to find joy , love and much deserved recognition.David 's first obstacle is his father , Peter Helfgott , who repeatedly bullies his son to ` always win ' and then repeatedly denies him the ability to do so by abusing him and preventing him from getting proper teaching abroad.When David escapes his abusive father to study at the Royal College of London , he finds another cruel master , Rachmaninoff 3 , perhaps the most difficult of piano pieces . Practicing night and day allows him to overcome this obstacle - but at a heavy price - it is indelibly etched in his soul.He descends into maddness - in which he continually fingers Rachmaninoff , and even starts speaking in a fast , stuttering fashion -LRB- perhaps based on the piece -RRB- , forgets ` important ' things such as putting on his clothes.While David never fully overcomes his illness , it does n't matter . As the film moves on , it becomes clear that neither his father nor Rachmaninoff 3 could conquer his ebullient spirit . Returning to the piano years later -LRB- by wandering into a bar -RRB- he wins instant recognition for his virtuoso performance . Later , his charming but humble personality delights a wealthy astrologist , Gillian Murray . They marry , and with her support he returns to the concert scene , and fame . More importantly , he lives with joy - not being afraid of jumping up and down on a trampoline or running with abandon on the beach , or putting his shoes on backward.Peter Helfgott wanted his son to win piano competitions . David ends up winning so much more - he wins by leading a life filled with joy and love , and by inspiring others to do the same .
 Remember in `` Jaws '' where the Captain says
 The story Of David Helfgott is inspirational to me as a nurse who sees endless sick . It is amazing that just with the right ingredients , someone can not only resume a normal life , but trully shine . The love of Gillian is remarkable . What an amazing woman .
 Even my 8 and 10 year old children loved this movie which inspired them to practise harder their piano lessons ! The story needed some explainations for them but then made my children think for days about it . They finally understood how own behavior can influence especially weaker persons and that you have to be aware of it ... A very loving and caring story !
 The loving , but possessive , father 's effect on his son is poignant . The son 's genius is recognized , and he is pushed toward realizing it , but simultaneously held back , creating tensions in the son which ultimately lead to a breakdown . We understand that they are Jewish . The scene of the father looking over the fence , is at once foreboding of , and reminiscent of , peering through the fence at Auschwitz , or some other Nazi extermination camp . The son 's decision to break away in deciding to pursue training in England , saves him from the Holocaust , but can only increase the guilt feelings that he experiences . The use of Rakhmaninov 's Third Piano Concerto , profoundly comples and beautiful , gives a rich texture to the tapestry of this moving film biography . Art is redeeming , and after years of breakdown and suffering , the master pianist finds his own salvation , and his ability to accept love .
 I really enjoy this DVD , the main movie is inspiring , and if you love classical music you will enjoy this title . The special features are good ; you have interviews and the point of view of the director .
 I loved this film very very much . I have had the most wonderful opportunity to meet the Helfgotts , and I 've `` got to be grateful '' -LRB- to quote David -RRB- that this movie allowed me to do that . Although parts of it were changed , and others were created for theatrical effect , it remains true to David 's wonderful spirit .
 I will always remember `` Shine '' as being one of my top films and I will never forget it . It 's a Must film for everyone !
 Shine was one of the most powerful movies I have seen . David suffered server mental abuse from his father . Rush played a splended part as David . I look forward to seeing David Helthcott preform in Townsville , Australia , on the 22nd of November 1999 .
 like great music , a great film is one that you can see again and again . i have seen shine at least ten times and it only gets better each time . just perfect .
 What a sad story ! A true story about an Austrialian Pianist David Helfgott with refinements . How he overcome his mental breakdowns to perform on stage again . A pianist struggled to regain self-believe and the courage to play again.Being a child prodigy , David Helfgott was very promising , but been terrorised by a controlling and stubborn father . He lived in fear but yearned to achieve and excel in his piano playing . He tried to run away to pursue his dream but over doing and his lack of self determination and unstable mind drove him to a mental break down -LRB- they proclaimed that but I believed if he had treatment earlier ... -RRB- . He was sent to mental institution and stayed there for several years ... forcing him to give up his dream but with twist of fate and meeting a soul mate changed his life again ... He regained his playing ability and eventually gave his concert performance and now live happily with his love , performing regularly and hopefully fear no more ... . Superb performance from Geoffrey Rush . He completely convinced me that he is David Helfgott . He shines in every department , putting in all his heart and soul to this role and totally deserved his Oscar . Truly remarkable and touching.The movie also have great sound tracks , solid classical piano performances from Rush and most of all it made me cried ... . I 'd read the biography written by Gillian and I must said the movie was very closed attempt to the truth ... and Scott Hicks did took nearly 10 years to write it with David 's aid and permission.All in all a great contribution to both film and classical music industries .
 Since I live in Europe , I was not aware that the dvd that are purchased in the USA are only for widescreen.So we are not able to watch this dvd on our TV.Is there a solution?kind regards , Rita
 this is a must see for all people who love piano music-also a very good story .
 Great acting ! An amazing true story of overcoming mental adversity . Uplifting and inspirational .
 Shine is a masterpiece , showing with great integrity and courage the journey of renown pianist David Helfgott . His courage is captured brilliantly both by actors Noah Taylor and by Geoffrey Rush . I recommend this film to anyone who likes great drama or especially anyone who loves classical / romantic piano music .
 I agree with most of the reviews which follow . This is a 5-star movie from beginning to end . I just rented it for the second time -LRB- two years after first seeing it -RRB- and believe it would bear watching over and over . David 's father is a particularly interesting character . His relentless control of his son -LRB- some type of warped and twisted love ? hate ? ? -RRB- to excel at the piano , and to ` keep the family together ' is fascinating and scary . My late father played beautiful piano -LRB- I am told by my mother -RRB- until he suffered a schizophrenic break when I was an infant . Unlike David he never regained this ability . ` Shine ' suggests what the piano may have meant in his life . Wonderful movie .
 This is an emotionally draining movie . It really gets to you . It is amazing how anyone could lead such a life . This was a terrific cast . Geoffrey Rush was really good . Armin Mueller Stahl and Lynn Redgrave were terrific in supporting roles . And Noah Taylor should have won an Oscar . Unbelievable performances .
 A beautifully rendered film about artistry , madness and love . This film has fabulous performances and a really beautiful plotline . `` Shine '' was the first film that introduced the great actor Geoffrey Rush to a wide audience . He brilliantly portrayed the genius pianist , David Helfgott after his mental breakdown . Noah Taylor , a talented young actor played Helfgott as a young man who was in love with his art but was tormented by doubts and abuse . The incredible work of Armin Mueller-Stahl as David 's abusive but strangely loving father really stands out here . The whole plot and feel of the film reminded me of Pnk Floyd 's `` The Wall '' as it illustrated how the sensitivity of a vulnerable person and the cruelties of the world can come together to create a madness born of necessity . The song `` Mother '' , from that album captures what I mean but in the case of `` Shine '' you would sing , `` Hush now baby , baby , do n't you cryPapa 's gon na make all of your nightmares come truePapa 's gon na put all of his fears into youPapa 's gon na keep you right here under his wingHe wo n't let you fly , but he might let you singPapa 's will keep Baby cozy and warmOooo BabeOooo BabeOoo Babe , of course Papa 's gon na help build the wall . ''
 Length :
 That 's a marvelous but cruel film . Cruel to us in its beauty . Cruel to David in his complete estrangement from the world of noise lost that he is in his world of music . How can you be deaf to anything but music ? It is possible , even if that sounds crazy , if that is a mental lunacy . The film tries to get us to two conclusions . The first one is that a father can be right but only for a short while . A son has to get away from his father as soon as he can otherwise he might be destroyed , utterly destroyed . In this case he is only mentally destroyed . He loses the sense of time and even space probably . Time does not exist any more , which is not serious in itself ; many people can live without time . But duration , goes away too and that is unbearable . When life does not have any duration any more it does not exist any longer and it becomes so static that it may drown you completely . David Helfgott is saved from his predicament , first by one decision
 if this movie was based on a true story , then the father was the worst father ever existed on the earth . self-centered , self-righteous , self-important selfish monster , ruined his genius son with an excuse of his ultimate love . how could he call himself a music lover ? a piano concerto extremist ? this kinda father should be locked up for life . he was a tyrant at home , but a wimp once stepped outside his residence . a selfish , stubborn and disturbing soul who forced his own demon on his son and the whole family , with an excuse of ` who 's your daddy ? who loves you most ? ' my god , if the son got a normal father , he would have become even a greater , even the greatest pianist in the world . the movie itself is not important , but it 's important for all the fathers in the world to take a serious look and then take a look of himself after watching this movie . do n't you ever become one like this father , a demon hidden behind a big excuse of love .
 Not only is this is an academy award winner about a great pianist , but the star , Geoffery Rush is the actual pianist and very well known classics . But , more than that , it focuses on acceptance of people with neurobiological brain illnesses and their capabilities .
 Having read an article about the gentleman , I cried when the movie arrived . I have watched ithalf dozen times . It is WONDERFUL !! I still ca n't believe I was so &#34; lucky &#34; to have had the opportunityto purchase it . Could not find it any where I looked and asked aboutit . Thhis is one movie that will stay in my collection forpopcorn on a rainy day . Thank you so much . I will forever be inyour debt for the joy this story has brought to me .
 This movie features solid beginning movie roles for Sarah Jessica Parker & Helen Hunt and just fun all around . Hunt is annoying yet loveable with her ability to get the duo out of sticky situations . And Parker can be downright annoying as well with her naivete . But somehow it 's OK in this flick . Lee Montgomery comes into the picture as the token `` hot guy '' . He closely resembels actor Joey Lawrence in my opinion , but I digress . It is up to Parker & Montgomery to win a dance contest.Shannen Doherty delivers a spunky lil ' performance as the sister of Montgomery . I do n't understand how a 17 year old would let his little sister hang around him all of the time , evidently it does happen in Girls Just Want to Have Fun Land . Jonathan Silverman is a fun character as Montgomery 's scheming friend who ca n't get a date.This movie is typical 80s
 If you grew up in the 80 's , this is the movie for you . I can not count how many times I have watched this movie over the past 15 years . This movie is before Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt were big names and its fun to see them so young . There are also a few other stars you can spot throughout the movie . If you love to watch great dance movies with great up beat music and a little romance - this is for you . It 's a guarranteed make you feel good show !
 This is an awesome mid 80 's teen movie , with a name that really does n't match the film . Janie Glen -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- is a military brat who relocates to Chicago , the home of her favorite TV show Dance TV . She immediately makes friends with the ultra cool Lynn Stone -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- . Janie and Jeff are paired up as partners for the finals , they have friction which develops into good chemistry . This is such an amazing 80 's teen flick . It also features Shannon Dougherty as Jeff 's little sister , Holly Gagnier -LRB- the old Cassie from One Life To Live -RRB- , and Jonathen Silverman -LRB- Single Guy , Gim me A Break -RRB- . The DVD does n't include any extras to my knowledge but it does give you the option to view it in full screen or wide screen version , which I thought was pretty cool . This is a real feel good movie ! It really has nothing to do with the song though , and when the song is played in the movie , It 's not Cyndi Lauper singing ! It was the 80 's and this was after Footloose , Flash Dance , Breakin ' , and maybe Slam Dance , not sure about that last one , but maybe they thought it would be good not to have the dance theme related to the title , but this is totally a movie about a big dance contest and there are several dance scenes , practices , and lots of other teen angst moments -LRB- Jeff 's father wanting him to go to trade school , Jeff 's sister 's insecururities , Janie 's strict father , the spoiled enemy chick -RRB- sprinkled throughout the film . If you have n't seen it , check it out .
 I have always loved this movie , ever since I was a little girl . It 's a fun movie to watch with Sarah Jessica Parker as the lead and Helen Hunt as her new friend and encourages Sarah to disobey her parents . It 's basically about a girl who loves to dance and has an opportunity to try out for `` Dance TV '' . As I was watching it I realized that the acting is n't the greatest . It is definitely a typical 80s movie . You just have to remember that this was released when Sarah Jessica Parker , Helen Hunt , and Shannon Dougherty were just starting out in their acting careers , back when cursing was Rated-R so there 's no cursing . This is more like the Disney movie of today.I still think it 's a great movie and glad I purchased it !
 Last week I was flipping through the channels and saw that this was on and I could not resist but to sit down for two hours and watch . I have seen it so many times but I never tire of seeing Helen Hunt and Sarah Jessica Parker before they were household names . The plot is simple but cute , the dancing is fun , the costumes are fabulous eighties attire , and the acting is perfect for a teen flick . One of the nice things about this film is that unlike many today it is very family friendly while still remaining interesting for adults as well as the young . I would reccomend this movie to anyone .
 It 's so fun to see Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt as teenagers in this sweet , funny movie from the 80 's . The clothes , the dancing , and the innocence are strictly from a time long gone by , but fun to visit in this peppy little chick flick .
 This is the ultimate 80 's teen movie . With such talents as sarah jessica parker & helen hunt how can you go wrong ? Definitly a chick flick - you will want to learn every dance sequence & go shopping for socks & pumps . Ca n't get enough of this feel good movie . Its everything I remember & love about the 80 's . Blast from the past - ... All the memories of a 7th grade sleep over - priceless . TUNE IN TOKYO ! TUNE IN TOKYO ! Do they make a soundtrack ??????
 For anyone who grew up watching Solid Gold or Soul Train . Helen Hunt in her breakthrough performance -LRB- in a grasshopper hat no less -RRB- . Jonathan Silverman , he was such a handsome boy . And who can forget pre 90210 Shannen Doughtery before she became a. . . ?? Not to mention the soundtrack ... its a must see
 This is a fantastic movie I love this movie it stars
 Surprise , surprise ! Sarah Jessica Parker can * actually * dance ! I enjoyed watching her and the other talented actors/actresses kicking their heels in this movie . The plot 's pretty simple
 `` girls just want to have fun '' is an amazingly good movie ... . you probabily know what it 's about concidering the fact that Amazon.com tells you all about it a couple paragraphs above this one ... anyway ... . getting back to the movie ... Helen hunt plays a great character -LRB- as usual -RRB- she has alwayse played a great character ... and the main character -LRB- dunno her name but you 'll probably find it in amazon.com 's reviews -RRB- was perfect for the part , sorta the pretty girl goody two shoes that she is made out to be . But Helen Hunt turns it around again , convinces her to try out for the dance contest to be on dance TV ... against her military father 's wishes -LRB- oh well ! -RRB- she then meets this guy ... her dance partner and he is not the prep jock wannabe , more of a motercycle punk . They fall in love and miss goody two shoes starts disobeying Daddy -LRB- whatever shal we do ! -RRB- I guess youl just have to watch it to find out wether or not she gets on as a `` regular '' on Dance TV !
 How can any girl from the 80 's not want this movie for their very own ? This is such a fun , nostalgic movie . It 's fun to see Sarah Jessica Parker , Helen Hunt and Shannon Dougherty before they became the names they are today . A complete trip to see the outfits from that time ! Cute and fun !
 Fun movie ... my kids are now fully indocrinated into BOYS ! SJP sure did n't age well ... but HH has not changed a bit !
 Does exactly what it is supposed to do . Arrived when it was supposed to arrive . Overall , a very nice experience .
 nice for a rainy day or a bus ride . It is great if you are a dancer or like dance t.v.
 Just what I Needed . Arrived right on time . A must have . A great buy at a great price . 2 Thumbs up .
 i love this movie so much that i had to buy it just for me and look at that cast Sara Jessica Parker , Shannon Daugherty , and Helen hunt to name a few and the guys like lee Montgomery and a young Jonathan silverman are hot in this movie a must see so buy it already
 this is a fun movie from years past . We enjoy the nostalgia of watching movies from the 80s . Would recommend .
 Do you like camp ? Do you miss the 80 's ? This is the movie for you !!! My sister and I grew up on this movie , we rented it for every slumber party from the ages of 6 to 12 . My parents hated it , we loved it !! We wanted to be just like Sarah and Helen Hunt when we became teens . Then we moved and could n't find this movie for years !! Thank goodness for Amazon cuz now I 'm ordering it for my sister 's Bachelorette Pary !! This is our movie , this is all that was good about being a teen in 1985 . So sit back , put on some pink lipgloss and enjoy !!
 I loved seeing all the modern actresses -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker , Helen Hunt , Shannen Dourghty -RRB- so young ! It was vcry funny , and a very entertaining movie .
 This movie has such a wonderful spirt to it . The 80 's theme always brings me back to high school , dances , prom , cheerleading & basically before life became difficult . BUY IT . It 's one of a kind ! As well , it 's a no brainer , good hangover movie .
 This movie was soooo cool , I mean , like , this girl totally goes against her , like , Fathers wishes and , like , ends up with what she wants ! Like watch it , it is totally cool ! You like think I 'm like a dumb blond , But at least I type ! @ ----------- -RCB- -------------- -RCB- -LRB- To a cute guy ! -RRB-
 I saw this movie for the first time when I was 10 and I have rented it so many times after that my mom refused to rent it anymore . Then I wanted to buy it but she told me I already had the movie memorized . After a long hard search I finally found it . My friends and I watch this movie every friday , it is `` our '' movie . This is the movie that made me want to go to Catholic school , I in turn would not encurage people to go to drastic measures such as that . You need this movie , your life is not complete without it .
 My friends and I have loved this movie for 9 years . We 've made it our `` official '' movie , and watch it whenever we get together . GJWTHF is corny every once in a while , but it 's funny , and surprisingly believable . If you can deal with the fact that people actually dressed that way , we all recommend this movie highly .
 I first saw this movie in junior high or high school and have loved it ever since . The music is upbeat and the movie is one that any girl -LRB- woman -RRB- will love ! Sure , the clothes are a little dated now , but look at what they did with Parent Trap !
 This movie is the best example of classic 80 's films . Fab fashion , great dance moves , and Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt in fine acting form . Unforgettable moments that leaves you feeling great !!!
 GJWHF has everything I wanted from a movie in the '80s
 This is my absolute favorite movie . I have the whole thing memorized and I can recite just about the whole thing . It 's a movie you can watch over and over again and it just gets more entertaining each time .
 This is a review of this product : Girls Just Want To Have Fun DVD . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the link so that you can be assurred that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- The Full Frame version is just that , the unmatted full frame of the filmed image . The Widescreen version is simply the full frame matted with black bars to fit a wide theater screen -LRB- this is how it was originally shown in theaters -RRB- . In two spots the DVD lies about the Full Frame version , saying that it 's a Pan & Scan trimming of the Widescreen picture . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Widescreen/Full Frame menu screen which comes up when the disc boots up and also when you select `` Video Setup '' from the main menu . This screen shows a screen capture of a film frame that appears at 19:46 in the movie . The capture was taken from the Widescreen matted version of the film , and the `` Full Frame '' image displayed is simply a cropped version of the Widescreen image . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The text `` The following film has been modified from its original version . It has been formatted to fit this screen . '' which appears before the Full Frame version of the movie is played.MGM got themselves into trouble for this very same lie on their DVD packaging .
 I just happened to be watching ABC Family one night when this came on . I decided to watch it , not yet knowing that it was not only a fun movie with friendship , romance , and the typical main character-snobby girl rivalry , but a movie full of people doing my favorite sport-dancing . The dancing was well-choreographed and entetaining , especially when the dancers would throw in some gymnastics moves ! Sarah Jessica Parker was fantastic as `` Janey '' , a shy girl who dreams of letting loose with her great dancing on `` Dance TV '' . Overall , I 'd say that if you like to dance , then you 'll love this movie ! It 's now one of my favorites .
 I lovedthis movie ! Must see ! This is the `` Mean Girls '' of the 80s ... Very enjoyable to watch for girls of all ages
 This was a favorite movie for my wife . She enjoyed now sharing it our daughter . I 'm sure it will be watched many times in the future .
 I remember seeing this movie on tv as a teen in the 80s when I found that Amazon had sellers that had it I bought it and am notdissappointed its still as `` AWESOME '' now as it was then back in 80s love to see LEE MONTGOMERY Dance in this movie as well as SARAHJESSICA PARKER and HELEN HUNT and can forget JONATHAN SILVERMAN either !!! Just love how this movie is put together !!! Would also recommendthis movie to anyone who was a teen in the 80s or even if you weren `` t still a must see movie !!!!
 Lets just start off here with the triple bill . Two hot foxes in their prime , Sarah Jessica Parker AND Helen Hunt . Oh yeah . Plus Shannon Daugherty , who may only be twelve in the movie , but she totally looks fourteen ... even Jonathan Silverman accidentally makes a pass at her at one point.I despise most of the eighties dance movies , like Footloose -LRB- ugh ! A town that ca n't dance , duh ! -RRB- or DD . But this one has it all ! The totally believable military dad -LRB- ok , thats a little sarcasm -RRB- the wicked realistic acting -LRB- hooo , more sarcasm -RRB- and great dialougue -LRB- yep , `` he 's uhhh ! Just uhhh ! '' -RRB- Actually I 'm pretty sure that none of the stars in this movie actually know how to dance , but the top notch editing jobs between SJP and the male lead waving their arms about and the stunt dancers is seamless , so it feels like a for real `` dancing in the streets '' type vibe.I like the realistic take on the teen scene circa 1985 , with the big spiky haired punks and the rich bitch teens . I also like the several blatant product placement spots by Pepsi , and of course the cyndi Lauper title track , along with a few other choice tunes , but really , I ca n't lie , I 'm on board for these foxes ... Helen Hunt and Sarah Jessica Parker . Go on and have your fun , does n't bother me a bit ! Five stars !
 We ordered this movie after Christmas for such a great price . My daughter could ` nt wait to watch it . My husband even remembers it and we would sing the songs like dorks that go with it . Turns out it 's not just for girls , my son loved it to . What a great family movie at a great price . You ca n't find these movies anywhere , I clicked on Amazon for my first time this holiday season , now I just love getting all of the old 80 's movies to share with the kids . What a great time it was then and these movies are classics ! Amazon , I will be always making my movie purchases with you , thank you , Stacy .
 Came in on time and reasonable price . Brings back lots of memories for me growing up sleepovers and girl parties
 Girls do just want to have fun and who knows this better than Sarah Jessica Parker , Helen Hunt and Shannon Doherty . Fans of the 80s and dance and perhaps those young-uns who watch Shake it UP and do n't realize that this concept is n't new should also watch this movie . Love + Dance = a rollicking good time .
 I have always loved this movie . I am so glad I was able to find a copy in such good condition .
 Daughter is getting this for Christmas . I know she wants it , because her mom has it and she liked it . Thanks
 This vidoe was exactly as i remember it . My younger girls really liked all the dancing in it and I am glad that we purchased it !
 This is such a great movie ! It is fun for young teenagers and people of all ages ! Girls will love this movie . It is about sticking to your ground and staying true to yourself .
 I recieved the movie in great condition and pretty quickly ... It is cool to see Helen Hunt young haha happy with the service and the product thanks !!!
 young at heart movie for family and teenagers my grandkids enjoyed ut and my grown girls remember seeing it when they were young and still like it
 My wife watched just about every 80 's movie ever made . So when I added this movie to her collection she was happy with my purchase . The price was good and shipping was fast .
 Very very happy about my purchase . Not only did i love the movie but i got it at a great price and i received it on time
 its a cool movie when sarah jessica parker helen hunt shannen dougherty were young and just starting out . theres a scene with sarah in her panties lol . also dont know if anyone else noticed , but jeff sarahs dance partner in the movie is played by lee montomery who played the little kid in the rat movie ben
 You should see this movie it 's the best ! Sarah Jessica Parker is raidiant ! Her best work ever ! Her dancing is awsome ! & Helen Hunt ! My gosh ! She is so great ! All the awards she has one ! She is a very good actress ! She has grown up alot ! Mad About You ! Very nice ! Shannon Doherty , the cutes girl i have ever seen ! She is a good actress ! And cudose -LRB- thanx -RRB- to all the atcors and actresses ! And the rest of the cast ! I recomend that you see this movie ! I have only seen it twice , but I loved it ! And I plan on buying it ! And I could watch it 1,000,000,0000,000,000,000,000,000 , more times ! This is du-bomb ! Watch it ! Sincerly , Sarah ! : o -RRB- P.S. I loved it ! Watch it !
 I love this movie ... There is just something about both Sarah Jessica Parker & Helen Hunt . . They were so young , and fun . It 's also pretty neat to see Shannon Doherty in her early years ! If you like 80 's fun , this is a movie to watch !
 I WATCHED THIS MOVIE WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT . I WAS A LITTLE GIRL THEN AND I LOVED IT . IM 24 YRS OLD NOW AND SILL LOVE IT ! IT MAKES ME WAN NA DANCE.IT IS AGELESS FUN FOR ALL .
 I saw this movie in the early 90 's . I liked it so much i wanted to have a copy but could n't get any . I got it in London in 1997 and now i 'm looking for CD soundtrack because music in this movie is just awesome . Still watching this film from time to time .
 This movie is the best to watch over and over again . I pop it in every time I have a few spare minutes or whenever it 's a rainy day or just for fun . My husband does n't understand my obsession , but it has been my favorite movie for years because of it 's quirky characters and great plot . If you are a parent of a teenage girl , this is the movie to buy her . The boy/girl relationships are tasteful instead of like modern day teen movies and the language is completely clean . If you like this movie , you 're sure to also like Shag .
 Girls Just Want to Have Fun is an essential film for any slumber party or girl 's night out ! I am 15 years old and this has been my favorite movie since I was 3 years old . It has all the essentials for a great movie , fun , friendship , romance , comedy , dancing , music , and did I mention FUN ? You can watch it 500 times and you never get bored with it , you grow to like it more with each time you watch it . Girls Just Want to Have Fun is the next movie you should add to your collection , it is an 80 's classic !
 I rented this movie last month , and I loved it . I 'm only 13 , but when I saw this movie , I had a great sense of nostalgia . I wish I could have been a teen in the '80s . Sarah Jessica Parker makes me want to dance . I just hope everyone loves the movie as much as I do .
 i seen the movie now 17 times and it 's never borrin
 I love this movie . It is a great representation of the 80s teenager . It 's hip , funny and an awesome `` chick-flick ''
 I love this movie sooo much ! I watch it all the time . I 'm such and 80 's child . . and this movie surley captures the 80 's . It 's the best movie in the world ... !!!!
 Girls Just Want to Have Fun is an 80 's classic , representing the time and culture perfectly . If you want to know what it is like try thinking of an 80 's version of Center Stage and mixing it with Dirty Dancing . The movie follows Janey Glenn -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- , who has just moved into town , as she tries out for the DanceTV contest to be a regular on the show . But as always in the 80 's the parents get in the way and she has to sneak out in order to practice with her elected dance partner Jeff Malene -LRB- Lee Montgomery -RRB- . As romance blossoms so does jealousy for a spoilt brat Natalie Sands -LRB- Holly Gagnier -RRB- as she tries her hardest to break the two up , to win the guy and the contest , by getting Janey into trouble with her strict folks ! But who will win ? Well Getting into trouble is easy , but getting out of it is all the fun ! Look out for some younger versions of stars of today - Helen Hunt -LRB- Lynne Stone - Janey 's new friend -RRB- , Shannen Doherty -LRB- Maggie Malene - Jeff 's younger `` Punk '' sister -RRB- & Jonathan Silverman -LRB- Drew - Jeff 's annoying friend -RRB- .
 If you like to dance , then it 's almost guaranteed that you 'll love this movie!Girls Just Want to Have Fun tells the story of a girl whose dream is to dance on her favorite dance TV show . Then she finally gets the chance in a dance contest ! But before she can dance on the show , she has to learn to get along with her partner , beat out the snobby girl and HER partner who are also in the competition , convince her dad that being on the show is good for her , and improve her dance skills.I thought this movie had great dance scenes , and great actors ! I thought Sarah Jessica Parker was wonderful ! Although I 'm not pleased with the movies she 's in today , I loved her in this movie!I would recommend this movie to any girl who loves to dance , and any girl at all.P.S . Please do n't make mean comments about my review . It 's not very nice .
 This movie is one of my favorites . . I am a sucker for a cheesy movie with all the ingredients . . I watch this movie whenever I need to just smile and feel good ... Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt make an awesome pair in this movie . . I used to watch the movie every night as I was going to bed during my single days : -RRB- Great feel good movie !!!!
 I love this movie ! I 've watched this countless times since I was 5 years old , and I 'm 22 ... ca n't imagine NOT watching it . The music , the dancing , the attitudes , and the clothing are everything the 80s are about . I now own it on DVD , and it 's still as great as ever . As an avid fan of Sarah Jessica 's `` S&C '' -- she still HUGS THE SAME -LRB- and is as sweet then as now -RRB- !! really -- check it out sometime . If you LOVED Dirty Dancing -- YOU 've got to watch this movie -- I think this came out before it and it is so much alike . Definitely recommend watching , buying , owning , and loving this movie ... what girl -LRB- or even guy -RRB- DID N't want to be on DanceTV ???? < < grin > > :-RRB- And do n't we all just wan na have fun !!!!!
 I saw this movie for the first time when I was probably only 10 . It is now my forever favourite movie and I finally found it and bought it this year , after renting it over 20 times for sure . -LRB- I can even speak along with it -RRB- . Get together with a group of your girlfriends and watch this movie ! It will make you laugh at the craziness of the 80 's and wish you could be friends with Janie -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- and Lynn -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- . It 's also really funny to see stars of today when they were just starting out . Still looking for the soundtrack though because it 's got awesome music . Anyway , this movie is timeless !
 I really love this movie ... the cast is great , the music isphenominal . It certainly is a totally 80 's experience not tobe missed . The Dance contest at the end is the greatest ... The best part to me is that sexy Lee Montgomery ... whoo hoo . . whata body ... what a face :-RRB- The nice thing about the movie is no sexand I do n't recall any language . . so it is family friendly ... Just a all around great movie , but do n't take my word ... see ityourself ...
 Despite the transparent references to MTV and over-the-top 80 's fashion -LRB- now horribly dated -RRB- the film remains a sweet portrayal of teenage dreams and romance . I first saw this as a little girl , and remain entranced by it since.Even if the `` strict father of catholic school girl '' plot is not original , the idea of bucking order to get on a music-dance show certainly is . When everybody was drooling over dirty dancing , I was watching this movie . What it lacks in acting and plot -LRB- some of the lines are predictable -RRB- it makes up for in a cast of up and coming names -LRB- Shannen Doherty , Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt -RRB- The dancing is fast paced -LRB- reminds me of Drill Team -RRB- and there is plenty of teen angst to go around . Even if it 's not the best acting in the world , it remains timeless and therefore enjoyable by all .
 If you 're used to Sarah Jessica Parker in her more recent incarnation , wife of Matthew Broderick , mother to an adorable son and former star of Sex in the City as well as a designer of a new clothing line -LRB- Bitten -RRB- , then you should see her earlier in her career.All the charm and style is still there -LRB- okay , the style is n't quite the same as in Sex and the City -RRB- but her personality shines through , as does that of Helen Hunt . They work surprisingly well together and , happily , the movie is an enjoyable romp with lots of dancing -LRB- and some very cute guys -RRB- . The focus of the movie is the chance to be a dancer on a dance show . No , this is n't deep , intellectual stuff but it IS the kind of film teens relate to and THIS adult found it fun to watch , too . Plenty of appeal for everyone !
 well I would rate this higher if the stars had allowed.This is the story of Janey Glenn -LRB- parker -RRB- who tries out for a dance contest after watching dance tv , who are looking for a new couple to star on there show , Janey and her friend Lynne stone -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- , both try out but lynne does n't make it , cause Natalie -LRB- Holly Gayniar ? -RRB- Pays out her partner to ruin her chances , but Janey does and is paired up with Jeff Melane -LRB- Lee Montgomery -RRB- , at first the two do n't connect . In the meantime Natalie learns that Janey does n't have permission to be out of school and calls her father to say she 's not in choir practice , so Lynne and Janey have to act fast by pretending Janey almost spun to death in Gymnastics try-outs . Janey and Lynne find out that Natalie is having a ball , so they distribute flyers to social deliquents , punks and outcasts who gatecrash the ball . Natalie Declares war ; for the time being Romance developes between Janey and Jeff , there Dancing becomes co-ordinated and their screen chemistry is dynamite , feel good , she sneaks out to dance and be with Jeff as they prepare for the contest , all falls apart when Jeff runs into Jp Sands , Natalies father who says he could put Jeff 's dads job on the line if he dances in the contest , Janey and Jeff have an argument , then She gets caught sneaking into her home , setting off the alarm , she is grounded . Jeff talks with his dad who encourages him to continue in the contest anyway saying he 'll worry about Jp Sands , the moral is that Janey and Jeff dance in the contest , they win , becoming the new dance tv regulars , Natalie sulks , Lynne becomes the New Miss Dance Tv . Happy ending.This is a feel-good chick flick , full of music , dance , romance , a good cast , well worth the watch , even to gogle at Lee Montgomery who is hot and sexy , also to see Sarah Jessica Parker , Helen Hunt and Shannon doherty in their earlier roles.When I watch this movie , I imagine being Janey and wish I was with Jeff in that time , Dancing on dtv and having lynne stone as my best friend . There are a few websites dedicated to this Movie and the Soundtrack is well worth purchasing also the best place being ebay , if you can not purchase this soundtrack here on Amazon , contact thomas.sillifant@virgin.net, the sountrack to this movie includes the songs :1 -RRB- Come On Shout2 -RRB- On The Loose3 -RRB- I can Fly4 -RRB- Dancing In Heaven5 -RRB- Girls Just want to have Fun6 -RRB- Dancing in the street7 -RRB- Too cruel8 -RRB- Technique9 -RRB- Wake Up The NeighbourhoodThe soundtrack contains versions from the movie not the original artists , apart from a newer version of this soundtrack that contains a couple of Cyndi Lauper dance mixs and two songs by Cyndi Lauper from the Goonies Movie .
 I ca n't count the number of times I have watched this movie.It 's one of those movies you can watch over and over.I have.I think that Lee Montgomery is so sexy.I also like the other famous actors and actresses in this movie , its also about dancing so that 's a major plus too !! I love this movie .
 The movie is classic fun . Never goes out of style .
 I watch this movie over and over . I 've watched since I was a little girl and I still love it to this day . It 's a very addicting movie .
 This is the sterotypical 80 's dance movie . It 's got cute guys , spandex , corny music , and helen hunt ... Ok , so maybe that 's not so typical , but you 've got ta believe me , Girls Just Want to Have Fun , is , well , FUN ! You 'll want to watch it again and again .
 Just had to add on to a previous review . I too started watching this movie around 10 years of age and still love it . At the time , my best friend Allyson and I had to have it EVERYTIME we slept over each other 's houses as little girls . Why one of our moms did n't buy it then I do n't know ... they could have saved a lot of rental fees ! It really does capture the time and now that Parker is such a big star I love to share it with friends now as a 25 year old . Full of fun and happy memories ... ca n't believe it took me til now to buy it ! Every little girl should see this flick ! They just do n't make them like this anymore !
 `` Girls Just Want To Have Fun '' is a wonderful movie full of excitement . It tells the story of how a teenage girl struggles to follow her dream , to be a dancer on Dance TV in Chicago . Janie , -LRB- Sarah Jessica Parker -RRB- is a normal teenage girl , with an over protective father , who ca n't convice him to let her try out for Dance TV . But , with the help of her boyfriend , his little sister , and her best friend -LRB- Helen Hunt -RRB- Janie ignores what her father and the nuns at her Catholic high school say and goes to follow her dream . GREAT MOVIE !
 '' ... -LSB- velcro -RSB- is the greatest invention of the 20th century '' this is one of the best 80 's movies ever made . how can you not want to re-live the solid gold era on `` D-TV '' -LRB- dance tv -RRB- this is one for those of you who enjoy watching movies over and over again . because this movie is one that you will never tire of !
 This movie is so cool , I have only seen it once , but I fell in love with it the first time I saw it ! I am planing on buying it as soon as I can ! Sarah Jessica Parker is raidiant . Her dance moves are grace-full and at the same time very cool ! All of the other actors
 My friend I watched the movie years ago out of pure bordem but it turned out we totaly loved it ! Whenever I visit her in Canada , we try to watch it for old times sake and have a ball every time !
 I remember when I was about 9 or 10 I rented this movie with my grandmother and as soon as it was over we BOTH rewound the movie to watch it again . I was a child and she was a woman in her 60 's and we both LOVED the movie . Now , I am 25 years old and I still think it 's a great movie . Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt did a great job in this movie . It was cute , fun , and had great dancing and music in it . Another thing , the guy who played Jeff was a total hottie . OH BABY ! * grin *
 According to various movie websites and some DVD sales sites , this is just a repackaging of the previous Anchor Bay release . Do n't expect any new special features , just the trailer that was on the earlier DVD . It 's reportedly being repackaged to take advantage of the release of the new Sex and the City movie with Sarah Jessica Parker , one of the stars of this movie . Yeah , seems an odd idea to me too , since this movie is n't very much like Sex and the City , and the older DVD is still available . Maybe the new packaging is supposed to have a more Sex and the City vibe . Ca n't you imagine the girls on the cover chatting about their sex lives?About this movie , it 's a 1985 PG-rated teen comedy/dance/romance flick with some female leads who became more famous in other roles . If you were in high school in the 80s , you may find it an entertaining nostalgia rush , as do some who have left rave reviews atthe Amazon page for the earlier DVD . If you 're in high school now , you might enjoy it as , well , a teen comedy/dance/romance flick.To put the amazingly high Amazon average rating of 4 and a half stars in perspective , consider that the IMDb weighted average viewer rating is 5.4 / 10 , which is fairly mediocre . According to their data , the film seems to be most popular with viewers under 30 , least with those 45 and older . Not surprisingly , women like it more than men.You know who you are .
 This is one movie that I enjoy even more today than I did as a kid . You get to see Shannon Doughtery , Helen Hunt , And Sarah Jessica Parker in the earlier days , dancing in fab 80 's outfits to win a spot on DTV ! If you are female and have n't seen this , you must !!!
 I love this movie . I used to watch it on tv when I was a kid and watching it again has been alot of fun . Cute innocent love story with a couple of great dance scenes .
 Sarah and Helen are fun and cute in this movie . The dancing is fun to watch too.The music makes you want to get up and dance too . I recommend this for your personal library .
 I went to Catholic school for eight years , and every time I had a slumber party , this movie was a MUST ! So Janey and Lynne are naive ; so was I when I was in school -LRB- yes , that naive -RRB- . It 's hilarious to watch this now and see how totally involved they were talking about a couple of dancers french kissing . That was exactly how we felt in school . As for someone saying that there were MTV references , no there were n't ! In the eighties , there were dance shows like Solid Gold and Dance Fever . I especially love seeing Richard Blade , one of my favorite L.A. DJ 's . This movie is cheesey , but still a good time !
 I own this already on VHS and have the soundtrack . The VHS is starting to die , probably from watching it too many times . :-RRB- But as soon as i get my DVD player in two weeks , this is my first purchase . Its a feel good movie , that will have you singing and dancing along with Helen and Sarah !
 I was n't even alive when this movie came out and it is undoubtedly one of my few all time favorites . I 've been dancing all my life and though the style is different than the style i 'm used to , it makes me want to dance every time i watch it . I once made all my friends watch it and afterwards we all got up and tried to do the moves , they loved it too . I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves to dance !! It 's a timeless movie and i love it !!
 I bought this movie off of Amazon going on customer reviews alone and they are so true . Girls Just Want To Have Fun is so funny and sweet . I never get tired of this movie . I think the guy in it is pretty cute too . It might be a `` chick flick '' but so what ? All the best movies are !
 For those of you who enjoy dance movies , here is one for you ! This has been around since the mid-1980 's and is still an all time favorite of mine . The music and dance moves are very addictive . Great soundtrack . The actors in this movie are all wonderful , many who have gone on to thier own successful shows . Definately worth checking out at least once , or twice , or in my case ... just buy the movie !
 I first watched GJWHF when I was about 10 , I 'm now 23 , I still know all the words and could watch it another 1000000000000 times ! Sarah Jessica Parker was excellent and she still is today !
 Does anyone knows about the subtitles.if there are any ?? I need to know if this movie has subtitles in spanishThanks ...
 I have spent the last 20 years searching the video rentals and store looking for this movie . Unfortunately , I could not remember the names of the people who starred in it . I could only remember the name and that there was a hot , beautiful young man -LRB- Lee Montgomery -RRB- in it . I was not even sure if he was still alive or in show business yet . I managed to find a DVD copy of it . Discovering that it was Sarah , Helen and Shannon who were starring in it . I have after watching it for awhile aside form the music and the dancing in it . I finally decide that the greatest moment is when nasty Natalie was told by her Father to `` Why do n't you just Shut-Up '' which made her jaw drop . After all of the trouble she cause to Janey and Jeff .
 Girls Just Want to Have Fun is One My Favorite 80 's Movies , , 't is Romantic , Dancing , Comedy as well , I Own The dvd , you Wont regret buyin ' it : -RRB-
 I saw this movie at the drive-in when it was released , and was surprised to find it available on DVD . The reason I like this movie is for the fact that Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt are in it . The plot is a little on the slow side , but the '80s fashions and music make up for it . If you are in the mood for some light entertainment , this movie will not fail to satisfy .
 I was about 8 years old when I saw this movie the first time . Since then , I 've watched it many more times . And I 'm still not tired of it . It has something that makes you watch it again , again and again . If you have n't seen this one , you 've certainly have missed one of the greatest movies of the 80 's . You really are stupid if you do n't buy this one . BUY IT QUICK !!!!
 I 've seen this move a hundred times probably . The first time in probably fourth or fifth grade . It has been a favorite of mine and my friends ever since then . Sure , it 's kinda cheezy , but it is still a ton of fun !!! You ca n't not love this movie !! Watch it with your best girlfriends and you 'll have a great night . Get up and DANCE !!!
 This movie is # 1 on my dance movie list . It 's a watch over and over again type of movie I 'll never tire of . Everytime I hear `` Dancing in Heaven '' I ca n't help but be in a great mood for the rest of the day . `` Live from Chicago , it 's DTV time ! ''
 All I have to say is that I used to watch this movie all the time in elementary school . I had totally forgotten it until I saw it the other day on TNT . Of course it was on at 2am so I 'm sure not many people were watching . I am now 22 and I can still remember most of the script , if not the whole thing . It sure did bring back a lot of memories as a child . Even after all these years , I still think it 's a great movie . Helen Hunt was actually good and Lee Montgomery depicted the perfect `` bad boy '' with a good heart . 4 thumbs and a remote control ! = -RRB-
 This is an excellent movie . A girl who follows orders from her way to strict father decides to break free when she makes a new friend and try out as a regular on her favorite dance tv show for once rebelling against her father . Her partner turns out to be her first serious boyfriend . You should see this movie .
 Well my sister loved it , when it came out so she introduced this movie to me when I was young - I loved it , now I bought it for my daughter thats nine years old and on Christmas Day watched it at least three times needless to say she loved it !
 this was always a favorite movie of mine !! i remember watching it when i was younger with all my friends . it 's also cool the see all the stars before they where stars !
 This has been a movie that I have watched over and over and over for the better part of my life ! It is one that never gets old and I 'm so glad to have it as part of my collection !
 I have loved this movie since I was a little girl . Having it now on dvd is great !
 I was so happy when i found this movie on DVD it has always been one of my faves .
 I love this movie . Just as much now as I did then . It is fun and my daughters enjoyed it too !
 This movie is so much fun ! Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt are so young . This is a great movie for anyone who `` really loves to dance . ''
 I purchased this for my teenage niece and she really liked it . She said she would watch it a second time so I think it must be really good .
 It was fabulous to see Sarah Jessica Parker and Helen Hunt when they were teenagers . Shanon Doherty even looked pre-teen . The dad was evil . Good , clean fun with an 80 's soundtrack .
 I 've been looking for this movie for a long time ! I never thought that an oldie like this one will ever be released on DVD ! Since the first time I saw it I fell in love with it , I love the dancing , 80 's music and it is a nice story ! If you like everything related to the eighties this movie is for you ! Fun , sexy , just lovely !
 I loved watching this with my daughters just as much as I did as a teen . I still remembered most of the words . Its like taking a step back into the 80 's . You cant help but love Helen Hunt & Sarah Jess Parker in this movie .
 My little girl and I love to watch this movie together . It 's an oldie but a goodie .
 This is definately a chick movie . If you are young or young at heart this is a great movie to watch . If you like to dance or watch dance this is for you .
 I 've loved this movie as a teen and having it now in DVD adds to my collection nicely ! The shipping was really fast and the transaction was very smooth ! This movie will make and 30 something woman remember her days in Highschool !
 `` Girls Just Want To Have Fun '' is one of my all time favorite movies ! I love it ! This movie is definitely a `` buyer . '' It includes all of the components of a perfect girl 's teen oriented movie ... friendship , rivalry , romance , dancing -LRB- competitive -RRB- , and catchy songs . One of my other all time favorite movies is `` Adventures in Babysitting '' with Elisabeth Shue . I can watch both of these movies again and again .
 A Great 80 's movie-A must have and A must see ! It was just as great of a movie now as I recalled watching when I was a kid!The delivery from Amazon like always was prompt and everything arrived as I had expected Thanks again Amazon !
 I got this movie for my 15 year old that had seen it on T.V. because she loved it -- I am glad they are putting some of the old 80 's classics on D.V.D !!!!!!!!!
 This was a great movie ! I loved it . ITs a chick flick but you will still love it no matter who you are . Its a fun loving film and i dont know how you could better spend an evening then watching this film with your pals !
 This movie is so cool , I have only seen it once , but I fell in love with it the first time I saw it ! I am planing on buying it as soon as I can ! Sarah Jessica Parker is raidiant . Her dance moves are grace-full and at the same time very cool ! All of the other actors
 The movie is great ... even works on my dvd player considering im in Australia -LRB- ALDI 's DVD player -RRB- ... The shipping is a bit to expensive , even if i 'm in Australia ... i 've had and i know it should be cheaper.Would most likely buy again
 It was a great deal and the seller got it to us quick .
 this movie has an awsome soundtrack!Great stars!The title fits it all!Thats all we really want !
 Man was I impressed with this movie . I have liked watched it like 40 times now . I thought it was so great because of all the dancing . I think of this movie as a Dirty Dancing hit off but not as revealing . I think all girls should watch this because we all need to have fun . Girls Rule ...
 This movie is great . I have loved it since I was a kid . Most movies that you watch when you are a kid , are n't as good when you watch them in the later years . But this one is great . I was bopping away the whole time . It took me back to when I was watching whenever I was a kid . I loved it then and I still love it now .
 A young schoolteacher unknowingly enters a tangled web of politics in Yang Jin 's unsentimental dissection of the Chinese countryside.When his father dies from AIDS following a botched blood transfer , Jinsheng must return to his home village to take care of his aging grandmother . Taking on the role of a schoolteacher in this barren village , Jinsheng is given a milk cow for his salary in place of money . On behalf of his students , the young man cunningly uses the cow to gain influence within this poor community dominated by stifling bureaucratic governance and backward feudal customs . Will Jinsheng 's unexpected rise to power be crushed within this oppressive environment , or will he find his way back out?Shot on a micro-budget with remarkable black-and-white compositions , this debut film by Yang Jin -LRB- ER DONG , 2009 Rotterdam Film Festival -RRB- , is a bold look at the starkly limited prospects for youth stranded in China 's poorest regions . The film depicts a rural landscape left behind by China 's urban growth , blighted by poverty and HIV , still a taboo topic in China . THE BLACK AND WHITE MILK COW offers one of the most thoughtful considerations of social commitment and individual responsibility in contemporary Chinese cinema .
 This DVD is highly recommended , since the film has yet to make it 's appearance in the US in any format . The print is an excellent one
 The Roots of Heaven is generally regarded as minor John Huston and remembered , if at all , for the tales of its nightmarish production as the cast and crew dropped like flies -LRB- sometimes mid-take -RRB- in the 130degree heat in French Equatorial Africa , while the director got into a brief punch-up with Errol Flynn -LRB- Huston won by a knockout -RRB- before showing his dedication to the material by going off and hunting some big game . Which is ironic because the subject matter is the very antithesis of the White Hunter , Black Heart image of Huston , a big-budget shot on location CinemaScope adaptation of Romain Gary 's novel about an animal rights campaigner -LRB- Trevor Howard -RRB- obsessed with saving the African elephant who gives up on trying to change things legally and takes direct action a bit far when he starts hunting the hunters . Although he never actually kills , along the way he becomes a folk hero and worldwide media celebrity , attracting a ragtag band of followers with various motives
 It seems that most people do n't know what makes a great film -- John Huston did . If you know where to look you can find it in this one . Great story , perfect score , fantastic cinematography , elephants , Orson Welles , elephants , Trevor Howard and Errol Flynn . Great film . Elephants . The Twilight Time blu-ray looks and sounds terrific . Shot on location in Chad , the scenery is incredible ... you can feel the heat and taste the dust ... this is a truly wonderful film which most people today -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- could never enjoy . Errol Flynn makes every scene his , while Orson Welles does what he does best . This one needs to be remembered ...
 This is the ultimate movie . My favorite movie in all my 62 years . The only movie that counts.We ARE the roots heaven and we are dying quickly with our greed and lust for power . We do n't deserve to survive .
 I really loved this video . It 's refreshing to see a new way to lose weight that really works . And this is n't just about Japanese food it 's about how to live a healthy lifestyle , which you can adapt to the food you eat in the USA . ` Most diet fads do n't work . ' On the other hand , during the last century , 100 million people tested the diet shown on this video and they succeeded - it shows how the Japanese stay healthy and thin . And they have fewer cancer , heart disease and menopause problems than Americans . The DIET of JAPAN shows 12 types of Japanese cuisine -LRB- sushi is only one of these , if eating raw fish is not your cup of tea -RRB- , and it shows how the Japanese exercise and relax . The music is great , and it even has music videos to help you lose weight . It reveals the seven secrets of how the Japanese keep off the pounds and live the longest on earth . And you can follow most of these tips even if you only want to eat American food .
 The videos `` Japan
 This video reveals the secrets of the Japanese lifestyle . It shows what they eat , how they exercise and the beautiful hot springs where they relax . This DVD covers over 20 types of Japanese cuisine and it includes almost as many restaurants since in Japan different restaurants specialize in different cuisines . And it takes you behind the scenes and shows expert Japanese chefs preparing the food . It includes the Japanese tea ceremony . And it shows you how you can adopt their lifestyle in America . It goes way beyond just making rice balls and sushi , although it does show chefs making these.It covers an astounding range of Japanese cuisines . It shows you how to make dishes like Chikuzen-ni -LRB- a chicken dish -RRB- , noodles -LRB- Ramen , Soba and Udon -RRB- , Tempura , Sukiyaki and Shabu-Shabu -LRB- meat and vegetables which you cook yourself at a restaurant that specializes in this -RRB- , Okonomiyaki -LRB- a type of Japanese pizza , but with seafood rather than cheese -RRB- , Tempura , Miso Soup , Unagi , even Genghis Khan -LRB- a specialty dish of lamb and vegetables in northern Japan -RRB- and other meals . It also shows the type of foods and how to eat them at other restaurants including Yakitori and Izakaya . There is also a companion video which is a tour of Japan `` JAPAN
 Some people will not WANT to see this , if they are closed minded and have fundementalist views . For the rest , I think you will find the observations and connections made to be very interesting at the least . If you have pre concieved IDEAS and do not wish to challenge them , do n't watch .
 Ancient cultures of all races recorded an event that was so catastrophic that it nearly destroyed all life on earth and forever changed the planet ... Did a run away planet called Tiamat and Marduk nearly collide with the Earth in ancient times?Are Stone Hedge , the Great Pyramid , the Mayan pyramids and other monoliths markers , to warn us where to look for other such events in the future ? Did an ancient race of giants called the Nephilim/Fallen Angels construct these monuments , and are they coming back?Why were the Mayans so worried about 2012 and who warned them ? Where are the Hall Of Records and how many other ancient libraries still exist?Is the Mayan prophecy of 2012 the same prophecy of Revelations in the Bible ? Very good observations ! I enjoyed it .
 This adaptation of the classic H. P. Lovecraft short story , `` The Colour out of Space '' is Ivan Zuccon 's second attempt at tackling Lovecraft 's fiction , having shown distinct promise with THE SHUNNED HOUSE -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . With the emphasis switched from the indescribable tentacled monstrous entities of the Cthulhu Mythos to invisible alien presences from outer space , `` The Colour out of Space '' is one of the more filmable tales of Lovecraft 's , with the potential for successful translation within the confines of a relatively low budget.Made for less than $ 100,000 , COLOUR FROM THE DARK sets new standards for Lovecraftian filmmakers with its thematics hearkening back to the philosophical tenets held by the Providence author and building its terrors upon the notion that man , his laws and spiritual comforts are of no consequence when faced with the indifference of puissant cosmic forces outside our understanding.Like much of Lovecraft 's fiction , COLOUR FROM THE DARK is rich in rustic horror . The opening sequence in which Alice , using her rag doll as psychic guide and defence , rises from her bed , out of the farmhouse and down to the well is particularly effective , and suspenseful ; the scene enhanced by Marysia Kay 's performance that exudes both childlike vulnerability and schizophrenic menace . Equally beguiling is Zuccon 's cinematography that exploits the sense of melancholy with moonlit shots of the farm architecture , overgrown crops , misty woods and abandoned fields.Lovecraft 's original tale relies heavily on descriptive passages detailing the `` blasted heath '' and surrounding New England territories to build mood and sustain reader interest in the horrors that manifest themselves slowly in the text . The meteor crash from the original tale is dispensed with here . We are unsure from where the horror lurking at the bottom of the well originated and with Zuccon 's cinematography neatly summarising the rustic detachment and foreboding presence in nature with a few sweeping movements of his camera there 's not a lot of the original tale left to sustain this film to feature length . Zuccon therefore introduces secondary characters and a plotline that involves a farmhand and his wife sheltering a young Jew . Fortunately the sub-plot is gently woven into the fabric of the whole without detracting from the main themes of the script.With the cast all performing well and its terrors convincing and unnerving COLOUR FROM THE DARK cements Zuccon 's position as one of the leading Italian filmmakers working within the supernatural tradition .
 Thanks to a wonderful performance by Indie Horror Icon Debbie Rochon , this film manages to keep great pace and makes for one of the most cinematically beautiful films I 've seen in some years . Director Ivan Zuccon invites the audience to a small farm who 's residents become possessed by the ` Colour ' , originally based off of an HP Lovecraft story . Grab this on DVD immediately , if you 're an indie horror fan , you will not be let down by the entire story or the entire cast .
 First off , a warning . This is not a film for everyone.If you are a fan of the standard `` so called horror '' pablum that is spewed from the yawning maw that is H'wood , go ahead and skip this review.You wo n't find an M-TV style , fast edit for the short attention span crowd , nor will you find a series of disjointed , torture porn vignettes trying to pass for a plot.Colour From the Dark is a beautifully filmed story about one families descent into madness.Not pure art-house , as has been suggested by some , there are more than a few visceral moments that will reach out and grab you.To be brutally honest , there are some parts to the story that seem to be shoehorned in , but nothing that would detract from the film.If you like your Lovecraft , and want to see a nice entry into that mythos , I would recommend this film to you.The acting was certainly above the budget of the film.Debbie Rochon was excellent , and exhibited a wonderful panache in the latter half of the film.It was very nice to see her in this film , and she really sold slow slide into insanity well.Marysia Kay was very intriguing as Alice , and I really would have loved to see her character developed more.For being so fresh faced , she can definitely pull off the creepy factor.Bottom line
 From the first time I had seen this movie , I was awaiting it 's release to DVD . As someone who loves the classic style of filming for horror movies , Colour From The Dark scores a direct hit . The movie moves at a great pace and has some nice twists that keep you glued in your seat . Debbie Rochon really reached out in this role and captured it perfectly of how it was to be played . She is an extremely talented actress and it shows in this movie . Colour is not the atypical horror film , where you 're dealing with serial killers , cheap monsters , etc. . . Colour does n't fit in with the typical low-budget movies , or even with the big Hollywood movies that fall short . Colour really knocks it out of the park . Dealing with the supernatural , Director Zuccon weaves it all very well . The entire cast was strong and put out excellent performances . I also give alot of kudos to the set director , finding great locations to shoot . Fantastic.Once again , Debbie Rochon is at her best . If you like classically style horror movies , you will love this . See for yourself . I highly recommend this movie and am glad to have it on my shelf .
 H.P. Lovecraft was one of the pioneering writers of horror fantasy . His dark tales wove cosmic conflict into the daily lives of common people , brought monsters from the deep to the surface , and exposed the soft white underbelly of our collective fears of the unknown . Filmmaker Ivan Zuccon has turned his eye to one of Lovecraft 's tales of the supernatural with his film COLOUR FROM THE DARK.Pietro -LRB- Michael Segal -RRB- and his wife Lucia -LRB- Debbie Rochon -RRB- live with Pietro 's sister Alice -LRB- Marysia Kay -RRB- in a remote Italian village during World War II . Alice , though an adult , seems to have the mind of a child and is plagued by vivid nightmares and a number of almost debilitating fears . Still the family manages to eke out an existence while hoping for the return of Pietro 's brother , Luigi , who is off fighting in the war.One day Alice loses the bucket for collecting water down the well . She tries to retrieve it but it is stuck fast . Finally Pietro lends a hand and , in the process of freeing the bucket , they unleash something that was trapped inside the well . A strange luminescent color bubbles forth . Pietro and Alice are stunned but put it down to gas or something mundane ; this is far from the case.They soon discover that their common well water has become an elixir that cures illness and makes the vegetables on the farm grow larger and faster than can be imagined . Alice 's fears subside and she even begins talking . Pietro , whose bad leg kept him out of the war , suddenly finds himself able to walk normally . It could be called a miracle , but for the price . Lucia begins a rapid decent into madness , forcing Pietro to lock her away and ask a priest for help . The priest is powerless before whatever has possessed Lucia and she kills him in a frenzy of violence . Meanwhile , the farm itself begins to change , darkening , all color leaving it as the crops rot on the vine and animals die in the fields . Pietro 's only clue is the luminescent glow he sees floating around the farm at night . Now he must try to save his family from an evil he can not even begin to understand.COLOUR FROM THE DARK is a moody film that uses visual imagery to great effect . Zuccon makes the unknown force , the color that seeps into his farm and family , a tangible presence . A mixture of fantastical dream sequences and reality keep the viewer guessing about what is happening . The cast all give great performances as they cope with the world around them as it seems to go insane . Rochon is especially good as she takes her character from loving farm wife to murderous monster . Kay 's performance is also worth noting as she brings a convincing air of mental instability to her portrayal of young Alice . The film does drag at times and it tends to overuse some of the digital effects . However , the strong acting and intriguing , if sometimes confusing , story combine with Zuccon 's unique visual style to make COLOUR FROM THE DARK well worth watching . So if you 're in the mood for a journey into a dark world of an unknown evil , check out Ivan Zuccon 's COLOUR FROM THE DARK . It may surprise you .
 Colour From The Dark is one of the most stunningly shot yet chilling films to come to DVD . I was mesmerized while watching this beautiful yet horrific film . The lighting is perfect throughout the movie and created the essential mood of the piece . Debbie Rochon gives a brilliant performance as does the entire cast . Watching `` Colour '' made me feel fear while viewing one of the most beautiful places on earth - Italy ! The juxtaposition of stunning location with excellent horror came through 100 % . Colour From The Dark is not one of your average slasher movies . It is nothing like that at all . It is a true old fashioned Italian horror film and a fabulous way to be introduced to the horror genre . Excellent movie .
 HP Lovecraft 's story often get terrible translations onto the screen . In his stories , the evil monsters are often vaguely described and rarely seen in their entirety . The atmosphere is often puritain and elitist and this minimalist environment is so that the reader can be horrified by the idea of something beyond our understanding.So if one has never read any of his books , then one would say upon seeing this movie `` slow , boring , confusing and what 's the point ? `` So this is only for HP Fans : It stays true to the original , and you do get the sense of helpless frustration of the farmer as some unknown element is slowly disintegrating his world.You find a man trying to run his farm with a bad leg , a dutiful wife -LRB- as all HP Lovecraft women , when they appear in his stories , are supposed to be -RRB- and a mute child , suddenly runs a streak of good luck until eventually the true motives of the creature is revealed . Then you see the helpless frustration as his world starts to unravel.The film is beautifully done and you get the idea of the period when this story takes place.In most HP stories , you sense of the what the monster is through the actions of the humans the creatures is possessing . Here , the movie captures that essence . So the special effects to reveal the monster are minimal and vague.My only issue is with a jewish women fleeing and her connection to one of the neighbors . The story was a small part and I 'm not sure why that story was put in it so I will have to watch it again to get it .
 I am incredibly impressed by Ivan Zuccon 's COLOUR FROM THE DARK . Ithink he did a great job adapting HP Lovecraft 's COLOUR OUT OF SPACE toa 1940 's Italian setting and melding the Lovecraft alien story with aRoman Catholic superstitious mysticism . And it was incredibly wellacted and technically solid . The lighting and cinematography works tocreate visually stunning scenes.I found all of the acting to be solid , even given the absence ofItalian accents from most of the cast . Debbie Rochon continues toimpress me , film after film , with her ability to shine in any role.Michael Segal is a young man that was able to look and act in a rolemuch older man.This is one low budget independent film I can confidently recommend .
 My daughter and I both loved this movie the first time we watched it . Nick played this movie over and over for 2 weeks and then BAM ... nothing from May to December -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . THANK YOU AMAZOM ! I could only find the actual movie on iTunes , and I am not much of an ifan as I am a fan of SAMSUNG ! I love AMAZON even more than I did before -LRB- which i never thought would be possible -RRB- because of the video streaming link up with Samsung ! Sooooo , I am watching this talent-filled movie with my daughter , singing along to the songs , on my Samsung TV with Amazon video streaming , while I am writing this review on my PC ... with no assistance from that fruity app : -RRB-
 Rags is a feel good movie with awesome music . Max Schneider and Keke Palmer are both unbelievably amazing singers and it was great to hear them sing together . They make for an awesome duo ! : -RRB-
 It was actually really good I thought it would be lame but it surprised me . Rags verses Disney 's Let it shine ? I 'd say a tie .
 Rags is it ! You have to watch . That CD is so small but it is full of action . Before I tell you aout this amazing movie , I need to tell you this might be like be like Cinderella but it has no magic and it is not a fairy tale . If you are looking for a great movie please do n't watch Cinderella . You might be wondering who this `` Rags '' is so I am going to tell you . This is no ordinary fairy tale . In fact , it is not one . It starts out like this
 rags is one of the best nickoloden movies of all time and i am a big fan of keke palmer in true jackson vp and a big fan of max schnider in how to rock and avon from victorious
 Nice spend on the Cinderella story . My daughter really likes the movie as she watched it several times !!! Good job .
 such an inspiring movie . you must see this ! Liked it was from a boy &#34; Cinderella &#34; and not a girl . great
 I normally . Do n't watch . Movie with commercial . But I watch this one and it was good . I would have love to has this in reading I would have rated it as a 5 too .
 If you like South Park humor and Airplane type slapstick comedy , you 'll love this awesome movie . It 's really funny how the team names all seem to go with the cities they 're from . The Los Angeles RIOTS , New Jersey INFORMANTS , San Antonio DEFENDERS , Dallas FELONS , San Francisco FERRIES , Roswell ALIENS , Miami DEALERS , and everybody 's favorite , the MILWAUKEE BEERS !!!!! This movie is hysterically funny !
 ABOUT TWO YEARS AGO MATT STONE AND TREY PARKER AIRED A T.V. SHOW CALLED SOUTH PARK . THIS SHOW HAS BEEN VERY SUCCESSFUL WITH SEVERAL TYPES OF PEOPLE INCLUDING ME . TRUE IT IS IMMATURE , AND DISCRIMINANT IN SOME WAYS , BUT ALL THE SAME IT RETAINS THAT STUPID HUMOR THAT I CA N'T RESIST -LRB- AND I 'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THE MOVIE DUE THIS SUMMER -RRB- . SO , WHEN THIS MOVIE CAME OUT I JUST HAD TO SEE IT . UNFORTUNATELY I WAS UNABLE TO SEE IT IN THE THEATRE FOR I WAS AWAY WHEN IT WAS RELEASED , BUT FOR MY BIRTHDAY , I PICKED IT UP AT A VIDEO STORE FOR MY FRIENDS AND I TO ENJOY . I FOUND MYSELF LAUGHING NON-STOP AT JOE COOPER -LRB- PARKER -RRB- AND DOUG REAMER -LRB- STONE -RRB- AS THEY DELIVERED FULL COMEDY TO MY SCREEN . I HAVE TO ADMIT THAT IT WAS CHILDISH AND SOMEWHAT STUPID , BUT I COULD N'T HELP MYSELF . THE TWO MAIN CHARACTERS WHERE BEING STUPID WITHOUT INTENTIONALLY TRYING . I WONT GIVE AWAY THE STORY IN CASE ANYONE WANTED TO SEE IT AFTER READING THIS REVIEW , BUT IF YOU 'RE A FAN OF SILLY , SLAPSTICK HUMOR SUCH AS THE NAKED GUN TRILOGY , I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS ONE AND GIVE YOUR FUNNY BONE AND EXCERSIZE . I CA N'T RECOMMEND THIS FILM FOR YOUNGSTERS AS IT HAS SOME INNAPPROPRIATE DIALOGUE AND SCENES BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A LAUGH , HURRY DOWN TO THE VIDEO STORE TO RENT BASEKETBALL .
 this movie is hilarious.i reccomend it to SOUTH PARK FANS ONLY ! if you dont like that , you will think this movie is extremely annoying.i mean , it was , in a way but at least it was funny
 the whole movie was hilarious , but the very best -LRB- considering i 'm a MAJOR earnhardt fan -RRB- was when the girl -LRB- sorry - ca n't remember names -RRB- asks the cab driver if he can go fast . he turns around - it 's dale - and he says `` can i go fast ?! '' and speeds away . great scene !
 man that movie was great i liked the part were squeeky had a mask and was trying to anoye the other player and it did n't work so he took of the mask and the guy fell over .
 This film is absolutely hilarious . I laughed from the opening credits to the closing scene . One of the very few movies ever that have made my sides hurt and my eyes tear-up . I would say that it would n't be funny to viewers that know nothing about sports , or that do n't like low-brow humor , but it was possibly the funniest movie I 'VE every seen .
 I love this movie . Trey and Matt are really funny . And this movie really Kicks A ** . Its funny as hell . Peace
 YOU SHOULD BUY THIS MOVIE !!!!!! I GUARENTEE YOU WILL LAUGH !!!! NEVER HAVE I LAUGHED SO HARD AT THE MOVIE THEATERS !
 This is the funniest movie I have ever seen . These guys are hilarious.I hate South Park , but I love this movie .
 If movies of the comedy genre were respected at all this one would have been an oscar nominee ! Combine the `` Airplane , Naked Gun '' like atmosphere with the `` South Park , The Jerk '' like antics of the 2 lead characters , and you have Baseketball . Very , very funny . I was pleasently surprised . Dvd quality is fine . Could have used more bonus stuff but over all fair for the poor ticket box numbers . .
 WOW ! This is among the best films I have seen in a while . If you want to laugh you really should just go rent it ... but I would reccomend buying it because you 'll probably want to see it more than Blockbuster 's new five-day rental will permit .
 If you thought `` South park '' was the only funny thing by Trey Parker and Matt Stone was the only thing they did that kicks butt , your wrong , way wrong . It all starts out when a high school party where 2 girls ' -LRB- they like -RRB- boyfriends challenge them to a basketball game . they do a change where you shoot a basket and run for a home run . They play the game on driveways with there friend squeak . 5 years later there playing for real . With hot babes , people trying to take to ever , oops almost forgot I do n't want to ruin the movie . The last thing I want to say it is very funny , but there might be a new even more funny . - Chris R
 Baseketball was great ! If you want to see the hottest man in the world -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- , then see this movie . If you like the naked gun you 'll love baseketball ! It 's the best movie I have ever seen . I love Trey Parker and I love Baseketball !
 This is a great movie , buy it when the price drops my stomach hurt I laughed so much ! Buy it !
 All I have to say , is that this movie is comic brilliance , Matt and Trey are the most talented people to come along in a very long time . And its as funny as hell !!!!
 `` Baseketball '' had me laughing the whole time , even if not a truly rememberable plot . The `` Unsolved Mysteries '' scene is probably the funniest single cut I 've ever witnessed in a comedy .
 Non stop laughter from start to finish . Worth getting the video
 Many of you by now are probably thinking , `` How can a silly comedy be the best movie ever made ? '' Well it can , and BASEketball is proof ! This is the funniest movie I 've ever seen , having all different kinds of humor from immature sex jokes to dancing football players . This is a must see and Trey Parker and Matt Stone only make it better .
 Screw everybody who calls this a `` crappy one joke movie '' . This was the funniest movie of 1998 . My God I laughed so hard it hurt . Blink once and you 'll miss a million laughs . And the commentary on the playoff race was hilarious !
 This is the BEST comedy I have ever seen . Parker and Stone are hillarious !! I recommend this movie to everyone that loves Trey and Matt , or comedy . I saw it once in the theater , then saw it 8 more times when I rented it . I love the part when Trey cuts his finger up . Definately a five-star movie ! - Ann Hills
 This one is n't for most parents , but this will be a legend in the video store among teens . This movie makes you laugh by totally grossing you out . Get ready to laugh ! I feel most of it 's buisness was overshadowed by `` Something About Mary '' this summer .
 I 'll admit that going into the movie I expected to like it since I 'm already a big fan of South Park and David Zucker . But I really did n't expect to almost get sick from laughing . Starting from the very beginning right thru to the end I was giggling to much I could n't breathe right and my stomach hurt . If my friend and I had n't hurt ourselves so bad from laughing , we were prepared to walk right back into the theatre and watch it again .
 I really loved this movie , I do n't believe I 've ever seen anything and laughed so hard . I was sore for days . Do n't expect a deep plot , but it 's a comedy , and it made me laugh so much - 5 out of 5 stars . Do n't heed the rotten reviews . Too bad ` There 's Something About Mary ' stole this one 's thunder ...
 This is truly one of the greatest movies of all-time . The jokes fly fast and furious , and they just do n't stop . If you are into South Park , and even if you are n't , this is a must see movie . By far the best movie of 1998 , and ranked among the best ever !
 This film does pale in comparison to `` There 's Something About Mary '' , but that 's not fair . TSAM blew away everything . BASEketball , while not an award winning film , is a very good -LRB- and totally juvenile -RRB- comedy , and it was surprising that it did n't gross more than it did at the box office . The rest of the film dose n't quite live up to the opening sequence , and the Jennifer McCarthy sexual innuendo got old really fast , but its still worth it . It DOES need an audience , so grab a few friends when you rent it.As a comparison , this movie beats the crap out of `` The Waterboy '' -- a movie which went through the roof . Maybe BASEbetball should have been released in the fall and would have scored much higher .
 I really enjoyed watching a live action Matt Stone and Trey Parker production . I am a fan of South Park and was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed this piece of comedy , too .
 I enjoy silly comedies and this is no exception . I liked the satire of the various major league entities in the world today . All in all , this was a great purchase and amazon delivered as expected . I still laugh at this movie and most of my generation would , 20-30 .
 This movie is hilarious . It is definitely a cult classic . You will not be disappointed in the least . As long as you enjoy Southpark humor , then this is the movie for you .
 I 'm so proud of Trey And Matt also this movie is just halarious . I hate how no one knows what I 'm talking about when I talk about this movie everyone should see this totes recomend this if you 're looking for something funny . Plus Trey And Matt are the creators of southpark . Their super -LRB- ;
 Funny movie ... no matter how many times you watch it . This us the 3rd time I bought this film because I lost it twice before , but it is that good to buy it over and over .
 It really puzzles me as to why the stars of this movie , South Park creators , Trey Parker and Matt Stone have bagged this movie so much over the years . Maybe they feel they would have done it different , as they where not the creators of this movie , but instead legendary Comedy writer David Zucker -LRB- Airplane/Naked Gun/Kentucky Fried Movie -RRB- took the helms to bring this hilarious comedy to life . Maybe Matt and Trey are only kidding when they say in interviews that they know what it 's like to be in a bad movie , and name this one here , but something tells me they do n't read reviews too much.PLOT : Major League Sports have changed so much over the years . So far to the the point of players caring more about the celebration of the score then executing the plays . Corporations care more about the money , and so do the players . But the dream of real sportsmanship is not dead , it just lays dormant in the hearts of kids , ready to one day bring back what it means to play for the love of the game , and not the money or sponsors . That 's where Joe Cooper -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- and his best friend Doug Remer -LRB- Matt Stone -RRB- come up with the idea of BASEketball . It 's a game of Basketball that plays by Baseball rules . No dribbling or dunking is needed , just someone who can shoot . It 's basically Horse , but instead of taking a letter , you run the Baseball diamond , and you can taunt your opponent anyway you want for a psyche-out . Coop and Remer start playing the game amongst friends , then it becomes an inter-suburban sport until it 's popularity grows so big that it quickly becomes a major sporting event across America . Along the way , a few years into the leagues opener , the founders , Coop and Remer still have not managed to won a championship . The owner of the team and whole league ends up dying , and in his will he states that Coop now owns everything , provided he and his team win the championship that season ... otherwise , the league goes to the a-holes . Along the way , sex , greed , and love cross their paths . Yasmine Bleeth -LRB- Baywatch -RRB- plays Coops main love interest , and she works with disadvantaged kids , and Jenny McArthy plays one half of the a-holes wanting to take over the league and exploit it with corporations and sell it out for the big bucks.That 's the plot , but it 's the comedy in-between that really makes the movie memorable . It combines both that dirty South Park humor with David Zuckers style of comedy to roll it into one hilarious movie . If you love South Park , and any of the Zucker Brothers/Abraham films -LRB- Airplane , HotShots , Naked Guns , KFM , Top Secret , Scary Movie etc. . . -RRB- then you are sure to love this movie.There is a lot of cameos by famous sport stars , and if you have seen Try and Matt 's previous movies Orgasmo or Cannibal The Musical , or even just the guy who plays Satans boyfriend on South Park -LRB- Not Saddam -RRB- then you will recognize Dian Bacher who plays Squeak `` Little Beetch '' Scolari on their team and fellow housemate.This is a great comedy , one of my favorites , and if you have n't seen it , and do n't mind a bit of a splap-stick comedy with a lot of toilet humor , then this is a must see .
 It 's as cold as a dang witches tittie here in Alabama . But enough about the dang weather . Let 's talk about Baseketball . Believe it or not , but I used to play some dang baseball in my front yard . But then I stopped playing , after getting hit in the thumb by a dang ball . And it hurt like a dang sumbitch , too . And I also used to play basketball in my dang front yard . Then one of those dang pesky hurricanes destroyed my basketball goal . However , I have never ever played a dang game of baseketball . But after seeing this dang movie which co-stars Jenny McCarthy and Yasmine Bleeth , I really want to play me some dang baseketball . This is one heck of a dang funny movie ! Trey Parker and Matt Stone , who made that dang South Park show , star in it . Parker and Stone also show their dang butts , and share a long passionate kiss , which I 'm sure will excite many dang homosexuals who watch this here movie . Heck , it even excited me a little . Unfortunately , there is no dang female nudity in this here movie . And Ernest Borgnine did n't take off his dang clothes either . Actually , that 's a dang good thing . God rest Ernest Borgine 's dang soul . Anyway , I liked this dang movie . And if you do n't like this dang movie , ya 'll can kiss my dang grits !!
 Anyone who likes southpark will enjoy this movie . The creators of southpark have made another humorous production , starring themselves this time . True fans will note that Trey Parker does 2 of the voices from their animated series -LRB- Mr. Garrison and Cartman -RRB- . This movie is always good for a laugh .
 This is one of the most quoteable movies I have ever seen . It 's one of those movies you see with some friends and 5 years later you are still ripping off lines from . It is over the top and kinda immature but it is hillarious . You just have to sit back and not think too much . The dvd does n't really have any worthy special features , but if you are a big Trey & Matt fan , or a South Park fan give it a whirl . You just might like it .
 What an agreeable combination . Zucker 's slapstick direction works perfectly with Trey Parker and Matt Stone 's irreverent abandon . Oh , you will laugh . You will laugh till it hurts and then you will laugh some more.Parker and Stone are absolutely hilarious . They are so comfortable together and it shows in their performances . The gags are timed dead-on -LRB- Zucker style -RRB- and they keep coming fast and furious.If you like BASEketball and have not seen Trey and Matt 's other movies , you should definitely see them as well . South Park is my favorite followed closey by Cannibal ! The Musical . Orgazmo is also funny as hell .
 1998 was a good year for comedies , with two of my all-time favorites
 I 've watched this movie millions of times . it never gets old to me . the jokes are just so priceless you ca n't say something like `` oh that was n't very funny '' b/c these guys pioneered comedy for my generation . South Park was their most successful creation , followed by this movie . their other attempts were n't as popular but still valiant efforts . this movie helped get SP noticed more.the best parts are the psych outs . totally classic material . the fat lyposuctioned out of Marlon Brandos rear ... ewhighly recommended if you love south park like i do.also check out Orgazmo , classic , one of their best.later
 This movie is very funny . I suggest that you see it . South Park creators Parker and Stone bring this hilarious movie to life . The movie is about two guys -LRB- Parker and Stone -RRB- that create a game called baseketball , which is free from the corruption that plagues the other major league sports . When he -LRB- Parker -RRB- inherits his team from the team owner after he dies , he is pressured in to selling the team to another team owner that wants to make baseketball all of the things it was created not to be . This leads to troubles with many laughs along the way . I highly recommend this movie if you are a fan of South Park or any movies that are like `` The Naked Gun '' or `` Airplane ! `` See this movie !
 In the tradition of great shock based comedy , this movie 's crass and offensive content masks subtle and clever agendas . The condemnation of the institution of sports , both for its decadence and for the distance of the players from the people who watch it.Monty python and Mel brooks are the earlier practioners of this kind of humor . The goal is merely to choose a single thing which is taboo and exploit it as a vessel in which to weave high social and intellectual comedy and low slap-stick and toilet humor . The presence of all elements together is extraordinary and delightful . The style of this movie , however , is far more accessible to American audiences . British humor is often remote and difficult to understand as it stands upon different cultural elements . Mel Brooks polished broadway style gives the toilet humor in his pictures a carnivalesque aspect which can rub people the wrong way . In Baseketball , you are merely watching two guys make a movie.The jokes themselves vary from simply slapstick , to ` what the hell was that ' , and occasionally hit a subtle cord.The movie is a simplistic story about an unlikely sport . It 's essentially a sport movie with typical cliched theme . Dead billionaire leaves a team to the inventor of the game . Evil rich guy plots to take it away . You do not watch the movie for the plot , you watch it for the incidentals . South park is a decent measure of how you will like this movie
 When viewing this flick , people have to remember the one really important fact about it . And that fact is that it 's hilariously directed and co-written by David Zucker , mastermind of such classic comedies as Airplane ! , Top Secret , and Naked Gun . Baseketball is his baby and it just happens to star the two guys who created South Park who , in their own right , are pretty funny guys and capable actors . There are moments in this picture that are pure Zucker and I challenge any fan of farcical -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- movies not to laugh throughout this one . It 's just retardedly funny . I remember the theater I saw it in . It was a preview audience , packed to the gills , and the place was just roaring in laughs and disgust . It had all the markings of a big hit , but somehow ate it in the dust of other movies doing well at the time . Maybe it will find success on video and DVD .
 This movie staring the creators of South Park is one of the best sports comedies . As a sports fan I enjoy the way it mocks some of the ridiculous aspects of professional sports . The Pysch-outs and team names are hilarious in a completely offensive manner . Just what you 'd expect from Matt Parker and Trey Stone . I want to play BASEketball !
 Truly a work of art . Matt Stone and Trey Parker represent the best of their generation . A kiss to end all kisses . If you do n't laugh , you just do n't get it .
 I think that anybody that has a sense of humor would really like this movie . My brother rented it and i fell off the couch like 3 times because I was laughing so hard .
 THIS IS A GREAT VIDEO WAIT UNTILL THE PRICE DROPS BUT THIS MOVIE IS A MUST BUY !!!!!! I WAS ROLLING UP AND DOWN THE ISLES AT THE MOVIE THEATER !! TREY PARKER AND MATT STONE HAVE YOU LAUGHGING NON STOP !!!!
 I love this movie . It 's got the great south park humor to go with it , but even better -LRB- hard to believe , huh ? -RRB- ! I think that the whole movie was hilarious and I especially love when matt stone is licking the vibrator ! You have to buy this movie if your a south park fan . i know it 's 90 bucks but try and find it for cheaper if you do n't want to pay that much . I will !
 I feel sorry for the older generation who , when asked what the greatest comic pair up of all time is , might answer `` Bob and Ray '' or `` Dean and Jerry '' . It is a privelege of our times to be able to immediately respond `` Matt and Trey '' P.S. Watch this movie with a slight buzz .
 Who really gives a damn what that grandma person sez ? She can take her bad reviews for good movies and shove it up her @ $ $ ! BASEketball was a great movie ! I mean , the part where Matt squirted milk out of his nipple ? HAHAHAHAHA I recommend this video !!!! But dont buy it here -- it 's 90 freakin dollars . Buy it anywhere else where it 's no more than twenty bucks .
 I have probably rented this movie 4 times from the video store ... it is absolutely one of the funniest movies of the year . This movie can only draw comparisons to the superior humor of HOT SHOTS and possibly one or two other spoofs . Either way , this movie rules !
 This is the hardest I 've ever laughed at a movie in my life ! The psyche outs were hilarious and the teams were hysterical ! If you need a good comedy , I recommend seeing this !
 Look , this is the type of movie you will either hate , or love , i loved it!As for all of you out there that said that the movie was to juvenille to watch , lighten up , you people must have really skinny poop , tight assed bastards.Calm down ! it 's only entertainment , for the rest of you i have to tell you that it was the funnyest movie i have ever seen and probably will ever see , see it !
 This has to be one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen . Trey Parker and Matt Stone were made for these roles . I do n't particularly care for the widescreen format , but the widescreen is n't so big compared to Leathal Weapon 4 . That one is huge . If you are reading this review and you have n't seen Basketball yet , buy it right now from Amazon.Com , or log off and go rent it .
 Although , this movie only grossed 7 million -LSB- very disappointing -RSB- it is very , very , very funny . Matt and Trey definately have talent and it shows onscreen . -LRB- i.e. see orgazmo -RRB- I 'm sure 98.9 % of Americans disagree with that statement , but everything about BASEketball is hiliarious due to the fact that it made me laugh like no other film I had ever watched . Everyone who hasnt seen it should at least just give it a chance and not just blow it off cause they only know Trey Parker and Matt Stone as those goofy creators of South Park .
 If you are a fan or South Park , or just like movies like Airplane , this is the one for you . It 's a laugh riot , full of jokes bound to amuse everyone at some point . Buy the video , and a oxygen tank at the same time to revive yourself after you watch it !
 Top this is a great filmm the plot is inventive an all the characters are top this is wonderful for the South park fan and sports fan
 Finally a movie the average man can relate to ! For all of us who love sports , but are tired of the antics of today 's narcissistic athletes , Baseketball has arrived ! A very funny , entertaining and often clever movie.Not a fan of South Park , I found Parker and Stone 's movie effort well worth the time . Fans and non-fans of South Park will enjoy . Crude language , but not sexually over-the-top or violent . Recommend for 16 and over .
 What if two childhood friends could invent a sport and rise to the top and turn the sports world upside down , well the hilarious creators of South Park , Trey Parker and Matt Stone bring it to you `` BASEketball '' Universal Studios ' hilarious sports farce starring the popular voice talents of the popular animated show that has ran since 1997 . Trey and Matt are hilarious as they always are on South Park or in Team America
 I love this movie ! I live in Australia and it went sraight to video over here , probably beacause it made very little money at the box office in America . But do n't let either of these facts put you off . The only thing that should put you off this movie is if it 's just not for you , which is pretty likey in today 's political-correctness-obsessed society . But if you 're willing to remind yourself that it 's just a joke , and that they mean nothing by it , you may actually have a good time.Personally , I thought it was great . Trey Parker and Matt Stone , the guys who created South Park , star as a pair of lifelong friends , and losers , who create a game which is a cross between baseball and basketball -LRB- hence the name BASEketball -RRB- . They 're not serious about it , and are just doing it for fun , but when a famous billionaire decides to sponser them to go pro , they become overnight superstars . From here on in , the whole thing becomes downright silly , one of the main reasons that I like it so much . It also becomes full of sight gags and gross-out humour , and this wo n't appeal to some people . It 's not the type of gross-out used in Austin Powers or American Pie - it has just a little more bite than that , and will definitely cause offense somewhere on the planet at the best of times . But it 's all in good fun , and so silly that it does n't get nasty , and there 's never any doubt that it 's all make-believe . The two leads are just great - really funny , with natural chemistry , because they are best friends in real life . Also worth a mention is Dian Bachar , who you might remember as the postman from Two Guys , A Girl and a Pizza Place . He plays Kenny `` Squeak '' Scolari , best described in South Park analogies - the Stan to a pair of Cartmans . He is mainly used as a vehichle for the movie 's cheapest slapstick gags , but he 's also a believable character , and there were a couple of points where I really felt sorry for the poor little guy ! The only performance that disappointed me was Yasmine Bleeth , but at the time I did n't know she had been on Baywatch , otherwise I would have expected bad acting -LRB- sorry Baywatch fans ! -RRB- . Her character Jenna has some pretty good lines , but they should have got someone who could deliver them well . Fortunately , all of the other performances were much better.Anyway , you 're probably sick of hearing what I have to say by now , so I hope I 've inspired you to watch this movie . Like I said , you might like it , you might not , but I 'd advise you to give it a try anyway.Oh , and a message for any other girls out there who are reading this
 This movie is very different and above all funny as hell . Im 16 and i advise all kids who are going to watch it , dont watch it with you parents . some parts can make your mom ban you from further watching the movie .
 this movie is soooo funny , but really not for young kids or overbearing mothers . it has a simple plot , with all kinds of new jokes , with the cherry on the cake being that it stars trey parker and matt stone !
 `` BASEketball '' is falling down funny !! I seriously laughed my a ** off !!! I LOVED it !! it just shows that Matt & Trey can do other stuff besides South Park , they did n't nelgeted the show it 's like Hollywood thinks all Trey & Matt does is South Park . I 'm a fan of South Park but I love Trey & Matt and their work . And F*ck the MPAA -LRB- They rated Orgazmo NC-17 and trying to rate the South Park movie NC-17 -RRB- and the crtics they would n't know comedy if it bit them on the a ** !! I like the idea that BASEketball pokes fun at greed in the sports world , and the hillarous scene with Robert Stack in Unsolved Mysteries . I loved the phyche outs done by Coop & Remer and I first discovered Dian Bachar in this movie , he is so cool I liked him in Cannibal ! : The Musical and check him out as Choda-Boy in Orgazmo , Trey & Dian kicks a ** doing martial arts . BASEketball is an unsual game created by David Zucker and amazinly this game is actaully being played on driveways and this movie deserves an audience it 's NOT for people that gets easily offended or takes things so seriously . If you 're a fan of David Zucker , Matt & Trey or South Park this is the movie for you .
 Okay , so I 'm not a prepubescent boy . I 'm a nearly thirty-year-old woman who was made to watch this ridiculous film quite against her will ... And , damn it if I nearly peed my pants with laughter!However , I do not recommend this to anyone who dislikes bathroom humor on principle . Though each joke is well-executed , each corny , melodramatic quip delivered with deliberately dewy-eyed sincerity , it is unapologetically juvenile , raunchy , and pretends to have no amount of redeeming value . But even its lack of values came as a surprise to me , for I ca n't help but give it more credit than it seems to give itself for having very strong underlying themes of maintaining integrity -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- , and of course , friendship.Bottom line - if you 're looking for good clean fun , this is not for you ; but if you 're feeling a little off-color , goofy and in the mood for a guilty pleasure , this is a film that , at the least , will make you laugh in spite of yourself .
 This is a terrific story of two friends and their struggle as they go from losers to athletes on the national level within a few years . This movie made me laugh , it made me cry , and it made me not hate Ernest Borgnine as much . This may not be Trey & Matt 's best movie , but it definately is a heart-warming and compelling tragic story or whatever .
 I was considering watching this in the theatres when it first came out , but was turned off by the almost nonexistant box-office receipts and negative reviews . With these two factors against it , how could ` BaseketBall ' possibly be a decent experience to watch ? I waited 'til it came out to rent on video . The result was a pleasant - and welcome - surprise.I 've seen just about every movie that the Zucker brothers have produced , from ` Kentucky Fried Movie ' to ` Airplane ! ' to ` Naked Gun ' , and found each one to be riotously funny ... at least the first time around . With subsequent viewings , I found the funny factor to diminish exponentially . I ca n't even stand to glimpse them anymore . What a sad end for such brilliant satire that I highly enjoyed the first time I watched them.Although only one of the Zuckers took on the making of ` BaseketBall ' , it broke the chain of ` One-View Wonders ' . Despite it 's utter retardedness , I find ` BaseketBall ' to be just as hilarious the dozenth time around . And , being a sports fan who 's become jaded by the crass commercialism of professional competition , I loved how many shots this movie took at the very things that have turned me off to sports . The stadiums becoming billboards in and of themselves , the overzealous showmanship , the moving of franchises from one city to another , athlete delinquency ... and this is just the first five minutes!There are also plenty of strange sight gags and dry one-liners that are to be expected in a Zucker-driven genre parody , both relating to sports and otherwise . Robert Stack takes on and satirizes his own role as the host of ` Unsolved Mysteries ' . And , as others have said before , Ernest Borgnine belting out `` I 'm Too Sexy '' at his character 's video will reading is legendary . One can see why he 's never appeared in many musicals . There 's even some nice , light moments with real-life announcers Al Michaels and Bob Costas as they broadcast the Milwaukee Beers ' play-by-play . Does Trey Parker and Matt Stone of ` South Park ' fame work fairly well as the movie 's main characters ? I believe so . Both exude the look and attitude of stereotypical slacker-loser buddies . They 're definitely the right guys for the roles . Speaking of ` South Park ' , you 'll also find out who does the voices of Cartman and Mr. Garrison . Do n't deny it ... you 've been dying to know for the longest time , have n't you ? ` Late ...
 This is one of my favourite movies of all time , no doubt ! Matt and Trey have been my heroes since I was ten years old -LRB- I was a very demented 10 year old -RRB- . It 's hilarious and strongly reccomended to anyone fond of ... well , laughing ! And if you like watching BASEketball , try and get together with some friends and play it .
 I do n't think this movie gets enough credit . Any critic who dismissed it for its stupidity is clearly missing the point . Where as some stupid movies are not funny , -LRB- * cough , Dude Where 's My Car -RRB- BASEketball is one good comedy.As soon as you see it you 'll likely be reminded of films like Airplane and the Naked Gun . Well , that 's natural as some of the same guys worked on this film , and if you liked either of those two movies , -LRB- c'mon , who could n't like Airplane ? -RRB- then you 'll love this movie too.It 's got a good cast , with Trey Parker and Matt Stone , -LRB- the creators of South Park -RRB- and a ton of celebrity cameos . Recommended viewing for fans of funny movies .
 this is definetely one of the funniest movies ive seen.after i heard david zucker made this , i had to rent it because i loved the naked gun movies.In some ways , this has many similarities to South Park bigger ... and theres something about mary , but then again , in many ways its completely different.STUPID WARNING PARAGRAPH-its a gross out sports comedy , and theres alot of beer , vulgar ... humor , some prejudice , and one seen of unspeakably mild violence , so its not what you would call a movie for the whole family.if you find that your 9 year old wants to see it , i 'd personally suggest watching it first.now dont get me wrong , i hate censorship , i think a kid shouldbe able to watch what he wants as long as he 's not traumatized , but it might be a pretty good idea.the reason i gave this movie 4 stars instead of 5 is because towards the begining of the end section , it got kinda boring and lacked the kinda full throttle gross out comedy that all south park and theres something about mary fans enjoy.but besides that , i strongly suggest this to south park fans and just mainly adult comedy fans . if you liked this , see orgazmo and cannibal ! the musical .
 Coop -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- & Remer -LRB- Matt Stone -RRB- star in this hilarious comedy . Baseketball , basketball with baseball rules , starts out in their driveway and becomes national sport . Squeak Scolar played by Dian Bahar comes to their house to shut off their gas . He eventually ends up living with them . In Baseketball you can do something called a `` Psyche Out '' where can you taunt your opponent -LRB- no limits -RRB- . The Psyche Out 's are one of the things that makes the movie so funny.The funniest games they played where against San Francisco and against Texas . For Coop to own the Milwaukee Beers he has to win the Denslow Cup . There is a short , funny segment with Robert Stack from Unsolved Mysteries . This is a great DVD with lots of special features -LRB- my favorite , the Reel Big Fish video `` Take On Me '' , but maybe that 's just because I like RBF . If you like `` South Park '' humor or `` There 's Something About Mary '' this is a must own . Otherwise , just rent it . R.I.P. Dale Earnhardt.Oh yea , I have seen this movie 8 times . It 's that good .
 Baseketball is one of the greatest comedies of all time -- and for all intensive purposes , a very appropiate one to the money-driven greed of professional sports . Baseketball is a very clearly a victim of the movie critics overall power to control the public 's opinions and freewill in what they see at the movies . Very simply , critics are too dull and uncreative to critique these movies they love to dispise . Everyone I know loved this movie , in this department you can blame the publicity department of Universal Studios -- they could n't advertise a film to save their lives . And then , if that was n't bad enough Universal turns around and fires a large number of executives that got this film made -- what kind of message and example is this . With all these negative things taking place , in the near future we will unknowingly destroy the entire comedy genre . All this because some morons can not take a joke . I hope Matt Stone , Trey Parker , and David Zucker work together again someday , I would hate to see the movie-making spirit of these geniuses destroyed by a blatent miscommunication between the public and the whining losers named critics with their following of humorless idiots . I loved this movie to the point that it inspires me to someday direct comedy films of my own someday . To work with the cast and crew of Baseketball would be a dream-come-true . To all the people who loved this movie , and are pissed that people literally did not see it -- bring on the cult following . I 'll lead us .
 BASEketball is my favorite sports film ever . It started with 2 losers with no jobs , no money and no girlfriends . Coop -LRB- Parker -RRB- and Remer -LRB- Stone -RRB- play a game called BASEketball a game that they invented against some jocks and Coop and Remer beat them . The rules are simple
 Years ago I was nuts about this movie ... Guess what ? This movie really holds up . It 's one of those movies that you can watch over and over again - there 's always something that you did n't notice before . Excellent chemistry between Stone , Parker and Bachar ! The montage of Stone modeling alone is worth the price of admission !
 I have no idea why this movie did as bad as it did . In my opinion it was a truly fun film . It had a great mix of sports gags and situational comedy . Matt Stone And Trey Parker had so much fun doing this . I could not stop laughing at Dian Bachar . He was incredibly funny as Squeak . Do n't miss out on this film . Funniest movie of 1998 .
 I do n't know who screwed up at the movie studio that put out this movie , but BASEKETBALL , is simply the best comedy I have seen in years . I saw it three times already because each time i find that I missed a couple really funny jokes because I was too busy laughing so hard . Parker and Stone -LRB- South Park -RRB- were great , Squeak Scolar -LRB- Dian Bahar ? -RRB- was the best third wheel I have ever seen in a movie . Ernest Borgnine -LRB- forgive the spelling -RRB- made an awsome Cameo as did Robert Stack , in the funniest `` unsolved Mysteries '' ever . Yasmine was beautiful and perfect for her role and Jenny McCarthy was the icing on the cake . I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO ANYONE WITH A SENSE OF HUMOR . If you do n't have one , go buy a Costner movie ... aisle 4 .
 The DVD contains a featurette in which director David Zucker states that he originally cut BASEketball at 2 hours ! The movie is maybe an hour and a half , now , so ... where are these deleted scenes ? Where 's the inebriated commentary -LRB- a la Cannibal ! and Orgazmo -RRB- ? Where 's ANYTHING ! Collector 's Edition reissue , and 200 ccs of sodium penethol , stat !
 ... but this is a very funny movie . I 'm a firm beleiver that a superlative action movie or gross-out comedy is worthy of accolades as much as a superlative drama , and that 's why I give BASEketball 5 Stars.This is not art , be warned . This is not even intelligent humor like some of Christopher Guest 's work
 This movie is a lot of fun ! You will still be laughing at the jokes a week after seeing the movie . There 's no way to describe it except to say that it 's funny . It 's funny and it does n't talk down to you . This movie will make you happy no matter what.The dvd extras are good as well . The theatrical trailer gets you excited for the movie , the music video is cool , and a spotlight on location sequence answers any questions you have about this movie.The trick to liking BASEketball is to watch it the right time of day . I 'd say , start it before 8pm . Otherwise , it will seem too long . Watch it earlier and you 'll wish it were longer ! And make sure to watch with friends and be prepared to have a great time .
 BASEketball was written by Trey Parker and Matt Stone who also play the main characters in the film . You maybe thinking where you 've heard their names before . They are the creators of South Park , the hilarious american comedy.BASEketball shows that Parker and Stone can do much more than write cartoons . It is a very funny film in which they invent a game called Baseketball . It is a cross between baseball and basketball , and they invented it so they can win at it . The newly-found sport takes off and soon everyones playing it countrywide . But will they sell out to make more money , or keep the game how it should be?It is a very simple film to understand , and is one of the funniest films i 've ever seen . The jokes keep on coming and even if you do n't like South Park that gives you no reason to not like this as it 's completly different . It is much under-rated and if you have n't seen it yet i suggest you rent it NOW !
 What more can I say about this comedic masterpiece . Is there anything that Trey Parker and Matt Stone ca n't do ? They have looked into the face of adversity and farted right back at them Terrance and Philip style . This movie is a gem from start to finish . Trey keeps the slapstick going the whole time , something Family Guy likes to rip off of the comic duo often -LRB- as we have seen in a recent episode of South Park entitled `` Cartoon Wars '' -RRB- . The best thing about this movie is Kenny AKA `` Little Bitch . '' When I thought i could ' t laugh anymore , his character always took it too the next level -LRB- much like in Orgazmo as well -RRB- . To be honest , the minute I finished watching this movie I got my buddies together and tried to play this wonderful front yard game . It did n't last too long , but the laughs from this movie will .
 Basketball is one of my favorite movies . I 'm a guy that has very limited shelf space when it comes to movies , but with Basketball there was no question . I put off seeing this movie for years , but when I finally did I could n't get enough ! The story , plot , jokes , and some original songs , are genious !!! I now own several other feature length films by this comic duo , and I am looking forward to more . If your a skeptic like I was , just give it a try , you might be pleasantly supprised .
 South Park writers and creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone star in this hilarious film `` BASEketball '' as they form their own professional sport and find themselves lives . While being loaded with outrageous moments of sheer hilarity , this film also has a statement to make about how professional sports are money hungry . Through the combined rules of baseball and basketball , Joe Cooper -LRB- Trey -RRB- and Doug Remer -LRB- Matt -RRB- find themselves a new sport that requires know athletic skill whatsoever . There talent lies in the ability to psyche out the opponent , and they certainly have great success doing so . Filled with great cameos , great scenes in the hospital , and during games , this a great comedy for any fan of South Park . The humour certainly has its moments of grossness , but it is a pleasure to watch . Highly recommended .
 The makers of south park have really improved ! you can barely tell that this is an animated film ! the rendering is magnificent ! If it was n't for the short ` kenny ' character , i would almost belive this was a live action film . As for the content , well , the storylines a little heavy , the fate of the sporting world lies with two men , it gets depressing , but hey , you can just marvel at the wonders of modern animation technology!Fantastic animated drama . 5 stars .
 A suprisingly good film . I 'm not a great fan of South Park , but watching the creators is very funny . It 's what you could call ` stupid ' funny , where the things they do are so stupid , it 's funny.The movie was directed quite well and the actors suited their roles and we 're very funny . I think it 's worth seeing though , if your in the mood to laugh , you can watch it many times .
 Ok ... This movie is not for everyone ... if you are a dull person with no sense of humor . . forget watching this . I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! It gets better every time you see it . Yes it is a bit vulgar , BUT i find that funny so ... It is a very very very funny movie ... i like to laugh and this movie made me LAUGH !
 `` Baseketball '' is the best movie ever made . Period . In my wildest fantasies , I aspire to become Squeak `` L'il Bitch '' Scolari -- he 's like a god to me . See this movie . Own this movie . Be Squeak .
 The casting was great . I love South Park so I knew that the creators would be no less funny than the show .
 Well , to start out , Trey Parker and Matt Stone have been doing an excellent job on their show South Park , and they did an excellent job on this one . I 've watched it over and over . It is the funniest movie I 've ever seen ! The only problem is that I can not find a place where I live that sells it . Oh well , looks like I 'll just have to rent it a couple hundred more times !
 totally funny , very original , and most of all , a plot that actually delivers . This video has some of the most hilarious scenes I have ever seen . Like the `` Got Milk '' scene or the `` How to speak San Franciscan '' scene . Trey Parker and Matt Stone should start doing more movies or even stand up . Believe me , I am very good when it comes to suggesting movies , and I say buy it now . The price is really reasonable .
 This movie rules . Its one of those you have to watch about five times just to get all the funny shit in it .
 This movie kicks so much butt !! I was rolling from beginning to end ! I loved it ! David Zucker really out-did himself this time , and casting Trey and Matt was absolute genious !! I loved it ! Great movie , check it out !
 BASEketball has got to be the funniest movie ever made !!!! Anyone with a sense of humor should see this movie , it was the best . I do n't think I 've ever laughed so hard . I saw this movie , for the first time , on home video , which is good considering I laughed through the entire movie . I do n't think that much laughter would have been appreciated at a movie theater , after all , their slogan is `` silence is golden '' . Please , rent -LRB- or buy -RRB- this movie if you find South Park even remotely amusing , You will love it !!!! I promise !!!
 I have seen this movie like 8 or 9 times ... I see something new everytime I watch it . Now I am very happy because I can own it on May 25th !!! I 'm getting really sick of renting it . Maybe I 'll buy two just in case one wears out . This is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the best movie ever made . When I rented it , I just had to watch the ` Cartman ' part over and over . This movie is a must to any video collection .
 very good and helps promote sports fans everywhere . It also shows people the real meaning to sports vs. the publicity of advertising .
 I thought the movie was characterized as dumb-funny . When I first seen it I thought that it was dumb , but when I told friends about the funny parts I just had to go and rent it again . If you are sick of lame movies like Wrongfully accused , then this is the one to get . It is drop dead funny . I hope there is a sequal to it or atleast another Parker and Stone movie . I would reccomend it to anyone .
 I love this movie so much . There has n't been a spoof this good since Hot Shots and Mat Stone and Trey Parker are what makes the movie as funny as it was . I was amazed they did n't write it .
 I love this movie so much . There has n't been a spoof this good since Hot Shots and Mat Stone and Trey Parker are what makes the movie as funny as it was . I was amazed they did n't write it .
 Basically , this is a movie for fans of Parker and Stone , but it is funny . My favorite scenes are the ones with Unsolved Mysteries . Those are hilarious .
 All I can say is that it 's hilarious and you wo n't get enough of it . Non stop laughter from start to finish .
 By the gods of New Vulger , this is the funniest movie to star Two creators of a cartoon competly made consruction paper . The Andy Kaufman of movies . Again , in the words of Jon Stewert and the burning sensation in his @ $ $ , `` This is Magnificent '' !
 This was unquestionably the most underappreciated movie of 1998 . Probably because it was on the market at the same time as `` There 's Something about Mary '' , this terrific production never got the notice it deserves . I can only describe my respect for it by comparing it to the 1980 crude humor classic `` Hollywood Knights . '' It 's difficult to say which of these two films was the better , but the distance between them and whatever takes third place among the comedies of the last two decades , can only be measured in light years . Five stars is inadequate and missing this movie is nothing less than suicidal !
 This movie was the funniest movie of the decade . It was more funnier than There `` s Something About Mary . There was a good characters , acting , plot and a very good Dialog . South Park 's Stone and Parker created a very smart intelligent piece of work . Cheers for them . They deserve it .
 I thaught it was really funny but there was alot of very ignerant stuff init .
 Ignore the rude reviews and try this one for yourself . BASEketball is a hilarious movie that should be seen for what it 's really worth . Matt Stone and Trey Parker -LRB- of South Park fame -RRB- have great acting chemistry , being best friends in life , in playing two slackers on the verge of having to get jobs . They invent the newest sports craze - BASEketball - while trying to impress some preppie high school classmates . The main part of the movie 's hilarity are the `` Psyche Outs '' , intended to `` gross out '' the opponent and make him miss . Another cool thing about BASketball is Dian Bacher , Stone and Parker 's college buddy , who plays Kenny `` Squeak '' Scolari , the `` Kenny '' of the movie . Deserves all five stars !!
 I assumed that `` BASEketball '' was written by Trey Parker and Matt Stone since it starred Trey Parker and Matt Stone . But it turns out this 1998 comedy was written by director David Zucker -LRB- `` Airplane '' -RRB- , Robert Locash -LRB- `` Naked Gun 331/3
 What do you get when you combinded basketball and baseball , you get Baseketball . And the creaters of South Park star in this movie , I did n't know who was who when I watched htis movie nor did I laugh once . And seems to me that Trey Parker and Matt Stone love to make shows and movies about pottyed mouth characters . South Park , you have 4 kids , that hang out together and swear a lot and making jokes , and love to make thier teachers mad . But then again , how come this movie is live action and not animated . As the movie opens , young Joeseph Cooper and Doug Remer are at Yankee Stadium , and Coop catches Reggie Jackson 's 3rd homerunm in the game . When Coop -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- and Dog Remer -LRB- Matt Stone -RRB- are older , they invent a sport that combines baseball and basketball , and they name it Baseketball which starts as a street yard game , but hten gets discoverd by a billonaire named Theodore Denslow -LRB- Ernest Borgnine -RRB- , but they agree to make it a pro sport if no player gets traded , teams not get moved from city to city , and no making deals on merchandising . They play for a team named Milwaukee Beers . And when Denslow dies during a game , Cooper is named the new owner of the team . And if they doing have a winning season or win the championship , the team has to leave the league . I do n't sse what is the problem with either trading or moving teams from one city to another , there have bene a lot of real life teams that have done that . Bob Costas and Al Michaels play themselves who are the announcers for the Beers . If you are a big fan of Trey Parker and Matt Stone , then you are denfily going to have to watch this movie , and if you are not , well you will have to find something else to do .
 Well BASEketball what an utterly stupid movie but stupid is great when done well , Adam Sandler does this really well with the likes of The Waterboy and Happy Gilmore . This film is totally Parker and Stone with their hilarious gags and dumb physical acting . Trey is a marginally better actor than Matt but so what this movie is a dumb comedy not a moving drama so let the physical acting take over the delivering of moving lines , not to say the pair do n't deliver the gags well they do n't -LRB- I 'm joking they do -RRB- . With the creators of South Park we want hilarity every second and they accomplish that goal with this movie . To tell you the story would be telling if you want to know the plot watch and laugh . As the DVD of BASEketball is concerned they give enough extras to keep you occupied but when you have seen the DVD of the Matrix or Austin powers you might think they are being a bit stingey but as I say the DVD extras are there and we might as well look at the bright side and think to ourselves it is not to bad .
 BASEketball is really funny and totally wrong ! This movie has a lot of crude sexual humor and some gay jokes as well , but it still packs a lot of laughs . Plis a fun soundtrack with bands like Reel Big Fish , Cherry Poppin Daddies . Smash Mouth and Soul Asylum , this is a game of H-O-R-S-E to the extremes!BASEketball follows to friends Coop -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- and Reemer -LRB- Matt Stone -RRB- and after they invent a backyard sport that combines basketball with baseball rules , they become huge sports stars . But now one of the owners wants to change the rules to the game of BASEketball and to avoid that from happening , Coop and Reemer and their team , the Milwaukee Beers , have to win the championship . So it 's all guts and glory in this wild sports comedy.I have to admit , a lot of jokes in this movie are just wrong or their cheap shots . The gay jokes are also a bit on the wrong side -LRB- the Beers road game against the San Francisco team -RRB- . Some of the gay jokes might offend some people so just be careful about who you watch this one with . The other thing that 's really funny about this one is that Trey Parker does some of his SOUTH PARK voices in it . The cast is also pretty cool and it has a lot of names as well like Ernest Borgnine , Jenny McCarthy , Yasmin Bleeth . And also a lot of cameos as well by Kato Kaelin , ESPN 's Kenny Mayne and Dan Patrick , Reggie White , Kareem Abdul Jabbar , the guy that dies Unsolved Mysteries -LRB- sorry I ca n't think of his name -RRB- and NASCAR racing legend Dale Earnhardt.Like I said , if you can get past the gay jokes , then you 'll enjoy this movie . If you think that you might be offended by that kind of stuff , you should dodge this one . And there 's also some parody in this movie as well -LRB- there 's a pretty funny TITANTIC parody -RRB- . If you 're looking for more stuff from Parker and Stone , check out the obvious SOUTH PARK series .
 Is it wrong of me , a member of Mensa , to find this movie side-splittingly funny?Is it wrong of me , as a person who appreciates the humor of Aristophanes , to think that Baseketball is just as worthwhile -LRB- though probably wo n't be as long-lived -RRB- ? Is it wrong of me to think that this movie 's commentary about the sad state of professional sports is right on the money?If it is , I 'm damn glad to be guilty !!
 IF YOUR A TREY LOVER LIKE ME , THIS MOVIE IS DEFINATLY FOR YOU ! ITS A GREAT LAUGH , GET A WHOLE LOTA MATES OVER AND RENT THIS ONE , THEN GO AHEAD AND BUY IT!X treylover X
 Great all around !! Product in good condition , arrived on time , and had no problems what so ever !! Still wrapped !! just like if i would have wasted my time and bought it from the store !! Very satisified customer !!
 Baseketball brings out the inner kid in everyone . If you were like me as a kid then you would have spent half your childhood making up ball games in the street . Making up rules that suited how many kids there were , what balls were available , and what was going to be the most fun . BASEketball is just that , a movie with a whole lot of fun .
 I bought this as a gift and it came in perfect timing . The DVD is in great condition and of course the movie is hilarious !
 Even though the movie was released back in 99 , it still get funnier than ever ! I totally recommend it !
 This is my favorite movie ever . Some people just do n't understand the pure genius behind it .
 Somehow this film from the creators of Southpark and Airplane has slipped off everyone 's radar . One of the absolute funniest films of it 's decade , it would assuredly have had better commercial success with a release date in the late 00 's rather than the 90 's . Completely worth whatever super-cheap price Amazon is charging for the DVD .
 I love Matt and Trey . But I guess you 'd have to find their voice expressions humorous - otherwise it 's just `` dumb '' . If you watch the south park DVD seasons with commentaries on , you might change your first impression of the show or the writers . It 's far more thought provoking , its just masked in obcenities . This movie was not the best I will totally admit that , but you have got to love their effort . If you 're not a fan of Team America or South Park you should probably pass . If you do n't know what South Park is ... you need to start from the basics .
 If you enjoyed watching south park the movie and the show . then you will really like this movie . Its funny in every way . they did an awesome job with this movie .
 or watch it again and again , it gets better every time . the subtle comedy is great
 The creaters of South Park star in one of the funniest movies ever ! Three friends start a silly game that changes the world . This movie has lots of people that you 'll recognize . Jenny McCarthy , Yasmine Bleeth , Robert Vaughn , Ernest Borgnine , and Matt Stone & Trey Parker . There are also cameos from Dan Patrick , Dale Earnhardt , Reggie Jackson , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Al Michaels , Bob Costas , and Kenny Mayne . This movie offers non stop laughs and is an amazing addition to your movie collection .
 South Park Creators , Trey Parker and Matt Stone , know just the right amount of funny to add to a movie . I was surprised by all the famous people who showed up . Fast pace and right on . Great for the whole family . Highly recommended .
 BASEKETBALLWhat would happen if the guys that made South Park got together with the guys that made Airplane , well you get this . This is a nice cross or hybrid of the two different camps style ad humor . There is a lot of that slapstick style Zucker is known for but Matt & Trey 's humor is also in great abundance . When this first came out it did not get as much attention as it deserved , now it is considered a cult classic and I agree . As a fan of the South Park series and a huge fan of Zucker this could be nothing but a hit in my mind.Coop and Remer have been friends since childhood and are just coasting through life , losers to some and cool to others I guess . On the day of a school reunion they challenge the `` cool kids '' to a game or is it vice versa ? Either way they end up playing a game that the two make up called Basketball , which is basketball with Baseball rules . Throw in some psych out 's and you have one of the most fun games ever . So what starts out as a block phenomenon grows into a national professional sport . The thing about this sport is that all players get pay the same and no teams can move to another city , s basically no corruption or greed . All that is in the process of changing once the man who funded it all dies and leaves it all to Cooper . The pressure starts on from the owner of the Dallas team to turn this sport into all the others , so our movie begins . The team starts to turn against one another , love interests develop , and good guys vs. bad guys starts to take effect.Director David Zucker and fellow writers did a great job with this film making it one of the most fun movies I own . Everything can be found within this film from slapstick , to crude , to smart humor -LSB- it is there if you look -RSB- and so much more . Gag jokes galore and wonderful performances make this more than watchable multiple times . Trey and Matt do a wonderful job throughout the film giving excellent performances each . Trey Parker does a great job and really carries the film in a way as it is more about his struggle in the film . Matt Stones does an equally good job as his best friend and co creator of the game.Dian Bachar is absolutely hilarious as the third wheel friend Squeak Scolari and possibly is a scene stealer . As a matter of fact everyone in this film does a great job and are funny , rare I think . This film is one of my favorites from Zucker and that says a lot , sure lately he has not been churning out the classics but I did love `` An American Carol '' . Would I recommend this movie , yes I would undoubtedly . If you are not a fan of the people involved previous are later works you may not like this . With that I loved this movie and still do , and at this time right now I need to laugh so this is always on the list .
 The best part of this momentus , history-making film is the heartfelt french kiss shared by Coop and Remer at the end of the film . Nothing says `` homosexual undertones '' like a big sloppy kiss between two friends . Even funnier is the outtakes -LRB- which I 'm not sure are included on the DVD ; I saw them at the end of the VHS -RRB- , where they 're trying , really trying , to get the kiss right wthout laughing and seeming TOO gay ... that 's comedy .
 So far , the creators of South Park have 3 movies -LRB- I believe -RRB- , Cannibal the Musical , Orgazmo and this one . Usually with these kind of movies it 's best to watch them in spurts as excessive watching just deadens the joke impact but putting it away for maybe a month then revisiting it refreshes it in a sense.Coop and Remur are 2 misfits who only drink and hang out and do n't even bother to pay the gas bills . While at a party , they invent a game right on the spot
 This movie is very funny . I had just seen Orgazmo which definately had potential but just did n't make me laugh so I was a little hesitant to see another movie staring Trey Parker and Matt Stone . It 's the little things that get me . The gross out jokes are the ones who caused this movie to not get the full five stars . Not a fan of the gross out but the rest of the movie more than makes up for it . Regardless of what some think , Trey and Matt are two of the most intelligent comedians out there and even this movie had some of that intelligent comedy . Movies are for enjoying folks , not all of them have to shove some kind of message down your throat .
 I 'm a big fan of South Park and this dvd is one of my favourites . When I first saw it , i was like oh cool a movie with the guys that made south park . Then I saw Reel Big Fish in the movie -LRB- wich are my favourite band -RRB- So i was really happily surprised plus it has the `` Take on me '' video by RBF Kick ass dvd
 Most assuredly one of the more underappriciated comedy movies of recent times , BASEketball is hysterically funny despite it 's occasional forays into more low brow humor . Not as vulgar as South Park or Orgasmo , it still holds with it the comedy genius of Trey and Matt , and the list of guest stars seems to be neverending . Even Mr. October himself , Reggie Jackson , has a cameo appearance . A good movie for a good laugh , and one of my personal favorites .
 Two jobless losers -LRB- Parker & Stone -RRB- create a new sport that takes the nation by storm . A combination of basketball with baseball rules , complete with psych-outs and distractions . Some of the jokes are timeless oldies such as the `` chrome off of a trailor hitch '' and `` lay some carpet '' liners . But they work.I sometimes wonder how these guys sleep at night . They have absolutely no restrictions on who they will make fun of , or on how they do it . Now granted , it 's not as raunchy as some of their work with the South Park series , and especially not the South Park movie . But it 's still quite hilarious and entertaining . If you have a sick and twisted sense of humor like I do , then this movie is a must see .
 I rarely buy videos . After seeing the movie I bought this one . The characters act like normal , real guys not some pretty boy prima donna actors . Refreshingly politically wrong . You 'll belly laugh right out loud . I have to echo another reviewer here . If you have a sense of humor , get this . Otherwise , get a Kevin Costner film .
 Baseketball is a movies where the whole famly can just sit down and relax . It is hillarious the directer muct of put good thaught in to this movie before the making it.Good job!from , da dude
 I love this comedy . It has everything a comedy needs to have ... comedy ! There 's something about mary , kingpin , road trip are also examples of other classic comedys . This comedy will have you rolling on your living room floor . Matt and trey are very funny . jenny is so hot ! I own this movie on DVD :
 There are sports movies , that end up being rather stupid and cheesy . At the least , this movie escapes the horrible downfall of most of it 's basic genre . I think the reason is , that it is basically teen humor , that teenagers will enjoy , yet it is rated for the wrong audience . It was oddly funny , and grotesquley interesting . Perhaps it was the humor , or perhaps the fact that it was one of a kind , but I thought that Yasmine Bleeth did a much better job then expected . The two male stars of the movie did quite well in their own right . Now , this movie is not as good as ` Cool Runnings ' -LRB- a sports movie -RRB- or ` Austin Powers ' -LRB- another goofy comedy -RRB- but it is defintley one of a kind , and a very enjoyable movie .
 This is one of the best movies in the decade . It plays upon your usual movie layout but has twisted variations . Trey Parker and Matt Stone are the greatest comic team since Chevy Chase and Bill Murray . This movie rocks .
 BASEketball is the funniest movie ever . It 's filled with male nipple squirting and other hilarious jokes
 This one is one to laugh !! I could n't believe this movie was so funny . Trey , Matt and Dian are great . I thoght Orgazmo was funny but this IS the best comedy movie i 've ever seen . The day after I watched BASEketball I had an ache in my jaws cuz I laught and laught . I strongly reccomend this one ! ! !
 I RENTED THIS AS THE REQUEST OF MY CHILDREN WHO ARE ALL TEENAGER FROM 13-18 . I REALLY DID N'T EXPECT WHAT I GOT . I ENJOYED THE SHOW FROM MINUTE ONE . IT IS A COMEDY WITH ACTORS WHO CLICKED ON SCREEN . HARD TO COME BY IN MOVIES THESE DAYS . MUCH BETTER THAN THE AVERAGE COMEDY . IF YOU WANT TO WATCH SOMETHING FOR THE ENJOYMENT OF IT , THEN THIS IS THE ONE TO WATCH , AND WATCH , AND WATCH ... . IT HAS SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE TO LAUGH ABOUT ... EVEN THE DIE HARD SOBER JOES ...
 FRIGGIN ' HILARIOU
 This movie is about two guys named Coop and Remer . They create a sport in their driveway called baseketball -LRB- a mix of basketball and baseball -RRB- . Soon , their sport becomes a national sport . In baseketball , you can do something called a `` psyche-out '' . I think that the psyche-outs are some of the funniest things in the movie . My favorite baseketball game on this movie is when they play against San Francisco and Texas . I would reccomend this to fans of the South Park series or any other of Matt and Trey 's films .
 This is a very funny comedy . It 's more funny then kingpin . I love this movie . i own it on DVD . If you like sport comidies and there 's something about mary then you will love this .
 This movie is hilarious !!!!!!!! I saw it with my friend and we laughed throughout the entire thing .
 This is by far one of the funniest movies i have ever seen in my entire life ! The site gags and jokes had me rolling on the ground . I 've seen it at least 50 times , and its still hilarious . I 've even gone as far as to play the game with my friends ! This movie , however should n't bee seen by young children -LRB- under 13 or 14 but its up to you -LSB- or your parents -RSB- -RRB- because of the sexual humuor and foul -LRB- good word -RRB- launguage . I think its great , but you should use your own judgement . Anyway , this is a great movie nad wil keep you laughing the whole way through . PLUS ! There is almost no thinking involved !
 this movie had to be funny . it has the guys from south park what more could u expect than very sick humor but very funny humor .
 Matt Stone and Trey Parker did great in this movie . Unlike the utterly stupid `` South Park '' movie this one is actually funny . I know they did n't actually make this movie they only played in it . And thank God for that , because they ruined S.P. . The Movie . This one is truely funny though , I 've seen it a dozen times and it keeps getting funnier . Especially the scenes with Robert Stack making fun of `` Unsolved Mysteries '' I cry with laughter every time I hear him . And Ernest Borgnine singing `` I 'm too Sexy '' was too funny . An absolute stroke of comic genius . Parker and Stone also have some great moments in the film , they are funny guys I only hope if there is another S.P. Movie they will make this one like the series funny and not an ignorant musical . Why or how they could screw up their own show like that movie is still a mystery . Also watch out in Baseketball for the guy who plays Squeak and Jenny McCarthy , they are both great too . Watch this movie as often as you can it just gets funnier .
 BASEketball was the funiest most outgoing movie i have ever watched.The voices from southpark were so funey i fell of my seat !! the chear leaders were the best part of the movie and me and my brothers loved their G-STRINGS the game looked exiting so me and my brothers tried it out but we were no good i want to be just like them with a droping kock !!!!!!!!!
 BASEketball is about 3 guys who in the era of sell outs for sport men , invent a game like basketball , but with baseball rules . There are NO sports heros anymore , teams have traded , people have sold out , thank you Coop , Reemer and Squeak . Also , a big point in the movie is , a little boy named Joey who is dying because he needs a liver and Yassmeen Bleeth plays Jenna , the leader of the Foundation who helps Joey . Coop insantly likes her.Ok , this movie is a laugh a minute movie , and Trey Parker and Matt Stone with Dian Bacher play their parts so well ! I have seen this movie atleast 10 times and it is still as funny as the first!Sorry I could not add more to the summary , I do not copy from other people , I have a head ache and writters block is setting in right now ... RyanHave A NiCE LiFE !
 AFI sux cuz this was n't on the funniest movies list . I laughed a lot . You should have seen myself . I was swimmin in piss . The psyche outs were tyt and the stars were my favorites . Try and Matt succeeded in SP , now in this .
 If you have seen South Park and think anything in there is remotely funny then watch this movie , it is brainless humor at it 's best , this is my favorite movie and I can watch it again and againParker and Stone do n't have many full length movies out there but this is probably the best so far . Watch it if you like these two guys and you will agree.Matt and Trey you guys are my heroes .
 The feel good hit of the summer
 i know that this movie was despised by critics , i know that it was exploitive , i know that it didnt even make the box office top ten , but damn it , i loved it.I saw it in the theatre and laughed hysterically , it really is a completley disrmingly hilarious movie.It has definite cult potential , and would make a great midnight double feature with `` Theres something about Mary '' .
 When I heard about BASEketball coming to theaters , I was very thrilled . But , it never came to my hometown . I was , needless to say , P *** ED OFF !!!!! Months later , I rented the video of the movie , and I could n't stop laughing . I felt like my gut was gon na explode from the non-stop laughter . If you love South Park and you love gross shock-jokes -LRB- like the GOT MILK ? gag -RRB- , watch this movie . It is the funniest movie of the 90s . Even if you are n't into South Park , give this movie a try . I also think some sports fans will love seeing their favorite sports celebrities , such as Reggie Jackson and sportscaster Bob Costas , make cameo appearances . Great movie with no disappointments whatsoever . ENJOY !!
 This is one of the funniest films I 've ever seen . I love it totally . The character of Skweak Scolari -LRB- LITTLE B **** -RRB- is just the single most funniest little wimp ever put on screen . Every word he says and insult he receives is a thigh-slapper .
 I 've seen it 5 times now and it 's just as funny as it was the first time ! Go in expecting nothing more than laughter and you will NOT be disappointed ! Look for innovative plot lines elsewhere .
 I know that many of you `` mature '' movie watchers out there may say this movie has no plot and Trey Parker and Matt Stone ca n't act and it was a waste of time ... But for almost all teens and maby some adults you will think like I do and Laugh like Heck when you see this movie . For those of you who like that `` sick humor '' then you will Love this movie . I laughed all the way through and I think ALL the Psyche-out scenes were Awesome . If you like to laugh , get this movie .
 This movie was one of the best I 've ever seen . It has an interesting story and alot of the things they say about pro sports are true . All in all this is one great movie .
 this movie is the best movie ive ever seen it is hilarious . stone and parker and brilliant dave zucker has made one of the funniest movies of all time here
 I 'm sorry I loved this movie !!! It 's rude , vulgar and dumb as **** ! But , damn if I did ` nt laugh my *** off ! I could of lived with out seeing the guys kiss though , but that was still silly . Make sure you watch the outtakes after the credits . Lots of fun !!
 This may not be the best Zucker-Abrahams film , but it 's very funny and inventive !
 I am a big fan of Trey Parker and Matt Stone . I have always loved the show `` South Park '' , and when I heard that the creators of that show were making a movie , I was thrilled . This movie was so funny ! Parker and Stone are comic geniuses and they should definately make more movies like this . I reccomend it to any fan of South Park or just someone who like a good laugh . Go rent it !
 Let me tell you this movie was the funniest thing i havve ever seen buy it , hey it 's not like its a great deal of money you 'll enjoy everything about it from the cheerleaders to the funky psche outs . get it quick !!
 This was a truly underated comedy . Matt Stone + Trey Parker were extremly funny as a pair in this . They had so much fun doing this film , I wish I could have been doing the film with them . But it is Dian Bachar as squeak who steals the show . He is one of the best comical characters ever created . See this film . This one will split your sides .
 This movie , even though quite offensive , is extremely hillarious . I really do n't think it 's stupid , either . Sure , there were a lot of dumb slapstick jokes , which were nontheless funny , but also a lot of subtle and smart ones . BASEketball is also very original and creative , I have never seen any movies like it . And I ca n't tell you how many catch-phrases I picked up from this movie !
 Baseketball was the funniest movie I have ever seen ! It was hilarious throughout the whole movie . I deffinetaly recommend it .
 Trey Parker & Matt Stone did a great job of showing us just how ridiculous the sports industry has become . Seeing that the sports announcers could laugh at themselves was a good touch . For those of us who love South Park , this was a great look into the minds of these two funny men . I would recommend this movie to any one with a sense of humor .
 I have had BASEketball in my posession for about 9 months now , and I can honestly say it is my favorite movie . I have watched it at least 150 times , and I made all my buds watch it too . We all love it . Trey Parker and Matt Stone are both brilliant in this film . I loved it so much , I had to get Orgazmo and Cannibal ! The Musical too ! They are all great movies , and I recommend that you try to see the other two if you liked BASEketball !
 This movie is definetely only for south park fans . So I doubt many older mothers would find it very amusing . I watched it for the first time with about 15 of my friends and we laughed our a ** 's off ! Recommended for any south park fan !
 Baseketball is hilarious . It 's done in the tradition of other great comedies such as Something About Mary , Dumb & Dumber , ect . Trey Parker and Matt Stone show the same kind of sense of humor that you find in South Park -LRB- but with an R - rating , they can get away with a lot more . -RRB- Yasmine Bleeth co-stars as Coop 's -LRB- Parker -RRB- love interest . She is hot enough to make the movie a hit , by herself . Expect some surprising cameo appearences , too . Baseketball is one of those movies that you find new stuff to laugh at each time you see it .
 Disgusting ? Check . Juvenile ? Check . Sadistic ? Check . BASEketball is all these things , but it is also so much more , thanks to the Zucker -LRB- Airplane , Top Secret ! , Naked Gun -RRB- touch.Though it stars Matt Stone and Trey Parker , BASEketball does n't really resemble South Park so much as Zucker 's other straight-faced screwball comedies , and it 's obvious these two fit into that rubric perfectly . It is not merely that Matt Stone puts a sex toy in his mouth , it is the zeal with which he attacks it that makes the scene a gut-buster . Zucker supposedly cast the duo before South Park became such a phenomenon , and it 's a gamble that paid off artistically.Not everyone 's gon na like this movie . Some wo n't get it , a few more might be really turned off by a guy-on-guy kiss near the movie 's climax , and the rest just wo n't find it funny for whatever reason . For everyone else , there 's no shame in howling with laughter .
 I have never , ever laughed so hard in a movie theater as when I went to see this movie , and my friends that I went with were laughing just as hard . Come to think of it , everyone I 've known who 's seen this film has enjoyed it , although I 'll admit that most of those with whom I associate share my somewhat warped sense of humor . Anyway , on to the movie . BASEketball works so well for a simple reason
 A lot of people may not know it , but BASEketball is a truly classic comedy . Do n't let the high-minded among us -LRB- and there are a lot of Parker-Stone haters out there -RRB- tell you any different . Not only is this film hilarious , it - like virtually everything Trey Parker and Matt Stone do - has a lot to say in a surprisingly incisive way ; those who see only puerile humor and grossness in this film are not watching it closely . The opening of the film is brilliant , with its hilarious spoofing of modern showmanship and its lament for the death of tradition in sports . Nobody seems to play for the love of the game anymore - it 's all about money and fame . Ever since he caught Reggie Jackson 's historic third home run in that crucial game of the 1977 World Series , Joe Cooper -LRB- Trey Parker -RRB- has dreamed of becoming a sports star . Unfortunately , he and his pal Doug Remer -LRB- Matt Stone -RRB- are basically losers who have never grown up - but all that changes when their home-grown game of BASEketball -LRB- basketball without all that running , played with baseball rules -RRB- grows from a neighborhood obsession to the new national past-time . Professional BASEketball is sports as it was meant to be - the rules preclude the moving of teams from one city to another , free agency and the trading of players are not allowed , and every single athlete , even Squeak -LRB- Dian Bachar -RRB- , gets paid the same amount - and it 's a sport than anyone can participate in since it requires almost no athletic skills . Of course , some people want to change those rules so they can make millions off of the new national obsession . When the founder of the league and owner of the Milwaukee Beers dies , it 's up to Coop to preserve the integrity of the game - and he will have to lead the Beers to the Denslow Cup championship in order to do it.I personally invented the game of baseyball as a kid , but that sport never seemed to catch on . Maybe I should have incorporated a form of defense along the lines of BASEketball 's - the Psyche Out . When a player is ready to shoot the ball , you can do almost anything in order to psyche him out - and the guys come up with some incredibly funny defensive plays as this movie progresses . And the league itself comes stocked with buckets full of laughs in and of itself - what with teams such as the Roswell Aliens , Miami Dealers , New Jersey Informants , L.A. Riots , and San Francisco Ferries . Each team 's cheerleaders are also a sight to behold , as is the wild pageantry that surrounds each game - what other sport gives you Dozen Egg Night and Free Range Chicken Night ? Tons of professional sportscasters make cameo appearances to talk about the sport - Jim Lampley , Dan Patrick , Kenny Mayne , Bob Costas , Al Michaels , Tim McCarver , Pat O'Brien . The film 's cameos do n't stop there , though . The only thing more amazing than the number of recognizable faces that turn up here - including Robert Stack , Dale Earnhardt , Reggie Jackson , Ernest Borgnine , Kato Kaelin , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , and Victoria Silvstedt -LRB- not to mention the future voices of Mr. Garrison and Eric Cartman -RRB- - are the crazy things they got most of these guys to say . I guarantee you 've never seen a segment of Unsolved Mysteries like the one featured here.Can the sport of BASEketball survive the onslaught of commercialization brought to bear upon it by Dallas Felons owner Baxter Cain -LRB- Robert Vaughn -RRB- ? Remer falls prey to the glories of money and fame -LRB- taking it to ridiculous extremes -RRB- , and the Beers team falls apart as Coop and Remer clash over tradition vs. money - and over the affections of Jenna Reed -LRB- Yasmine Bleeth -RRB- . And what of young Joey and the other sick kids Jenna cares for ? And will the Beers ever win that elusive Denslow Cup?I love BASEketball . This is a film you can watch over and over again , always discovering even more subtle jokes and gags lurking in the background . As for Parker and Stone , they make for a great team in front of the cameras ; Parker in particular is really quite a good actor . -LRB- I might also mention the fact that Parker 's and Stone 's band D.V.D.A. contributes a memorable song to the soundtrack - and , no , I ca n't tell you what the band 's initials stand for - not here , anyway -RRB- . Sure , the humor is a little on the crude side at times , and some people just wo n't get it , but this movie is absolutely hilarious and a cult classic for many of us . South Park fans should definitely enjoy the oddball humor of BASEketball . If you ask me , it 's one of the funniest movies ever made .
 I 'm old , sour and crusty and I swear to God this movie had me laughing out loud and rolling on the floor -- it is freaking HILARIOUS , outrageous fun like I have n't seen since 1977 's `` Airplane , '' just zany , off-the-wall stuff that keeps coming and coming until you 're just helpless with laughter , it 's one of the funniest movies I have EVER seen . I 've got to watch it again tonight because I missed half the dialogue because I was laughing so hard ! YOU 'VE GOT TA SEE THIS ONE !!!!!!!!
 This movie is incredibly funny . The south park guys do have a life out side of south park . This movie will make you laugh out loud several times . I gave it four stars because , its not one of those movies thats so funny you have to rewind to the best part and watch it again . All the jokes are equally funny . I would reccomend to rent this first and if you like it buy it !
 To get this out of the way , I am not whatsoever a South Park fan . I saw it a few years back for the first time and I absolutely did not like it . I have never watched it since.Knowing that , I was afraid to see this because Trey Parker and Matt Stone make South Park . Well , from the two episodes that I saw , they did n't act the same way in this movie . The sick humor was there , but it was done differently.The main reason I saw this movie is because David Zucker put this movie together , and I find him super funny . I rented this movie a few months ago , and during that one rental , I must have watched it 4 times.Absolutely HILARIOUS ! I was literally in tears rolling on the floor laughing . 3 others were watching it with me laughing as hard as I was.If you liked the Airplane type of humor , with visual jokes and things going on in the background , or types of movies that require multiple viewings because you are laughing so hard you miss jokes , then this is great.Keep in mind that kids probably wo n't get it because there is a lot of sex humor in it , but there are many other funny visual gags that ANY age could understand and find absolutely hilarious.I found this movie to be every bit as funny as Airplane . I do n't want to be like other reviewers and spoil it with different scenes , but all I can say is you will probably want to watch this at least 3 times to pick up everything . And even after you have heard the same jokes multiple times , they are STILL funny.So for fans of Airplane and Naked Gun , you ca n't go wrong.I still remember literally falling off the couch in tears from laughing so hard . Yes , it is THAT funny .
 Trey Parker and Matt Stone push the limits of normal comedy beyond obsurdity and back then beyond where they were before . With great cameo appearances by that guy from `` Unsolved Mysteries '' and major stars in minor roles like Jenny McCarthy . This movies outrageous plot and fantasy with the creative genius of director David Zuckerman , will have you laughing almost all the way through . You will have to see it two , three , maybe four times to catch all of the wit and hilarity that this movie has to offer .
 I 've seen this movie about eight years ago , and I tell ya , this movie had me literally laughing my @ $ $ off . It has over-the-top humor , likeable characters , and a clever concept of two sports mixed into one . But do n't put too much thought into this slapstick comedy
 This movie was made Trey Parker and Matt Stone who achieved great suceess with their South Park series . This movie is VERY FUNNY from the outset when Matt reveals his intentions to Trey as they arrive at a girl 's party . Later they are seen having a good time in -LRB- unknown to them -RRB- the girl 's mother 's bedroom.The jokes come hard and fast and a highlight is when Trey and Matt try to `` outpsyche '' their baseketball opponents . I give this movie 5 stars because it is guaranteed to offend some people which means that is it tastless , crude , vulgar BUT very funny which is just what a good comedy should be .
 Trey Parker and Matt Stone , while obviously very funny men , are extremely underrated in their ability to direct movies . This fact is no more true than in BASEketball . Anybody who tells you that this movie is dumb is lying to themselves . You will most certainly enjoy Robert Stack 's part in the film . You may remember Stack from Unsolved Mysteries on lifetime . If you think his voice is funny , you 'll love it when he says the f-word about five times in this movie . I will say that this is almost certainly a rental for most people .
 If you 're looking for a good 90 minutes of non-stop laughter , look no further . This is it , BASEketball is a great film . Not Trey , Matt , and Dian 's best . That one goes to `` Cannibal The Musical '' , but this one is great because it 's very touching and you really learn alot about the ... that goes on in professional sports that really is destroying what they game is really about . I think this film was done really well . I just wish that people would n't fall over every time they got psyched out . I really do n't get it . But , anyway , GREAT MOVIE !!!!!!!
 Seriously , this movie is really hilarious . I like to put it in a category of `` films you ca n't take seriously '' along with movies such as `` Airplane '' and `` Mafia . '' There are lots of scenes in this movie that portray things that obviously would n't happen in real life but it 's not supposed to matter because it 's there for one reason and one reason only
 one of my top 5 alltime favorite comedies . it 's an absolute riot . if you like naked gun movies and/or southpark , you will love this . i 've seen it 100 + times .
 This is a great movie for South Park fans or simply fans of Matt Stone and Trey Parker -LRB- the ones whom created South Park and who star in this flick -RRB- . It 's truly funny , though has times which are a bit crude . If you wish to watch something and roll around laughing -LRB- as well as you are open-minded and not easily offended by sexual innuendo and the like -RRB- . The story line is ultimately about 2 losers whom wanted to look cool by creating a new game -LRB- a mix of basketball and baseball ; hence the name -RRB- and by some miracle the game went world wide . This is a great movie for fans of movies like `` Major League ''
 Baseketball is about a group of friends who form a winning team and experiences the trials and tribu ... ah who care ! This is a Parker and Stone moive ! It 's crude . Its childish . It 's disgusting . It 's Homophobic . It 's awesome ! This movie will make you pee your pants laughing . But it 's not for anyone looking for any kind of clean comedy . It 's raunchy just like verything else that Trey and Matt do . A must have for any Southpark fan .
 BASEketball is a surprisingly clever comedy that works on many different levels . While it parodies feel-good sports movies it also posts a savage social commentary on the commercialization of American sports and American life in general . The movie stars South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone , however it was n't written by them , so fans of South Park and Orgazmo may find the movie a little tame . However , with David Zucker -LRB- of `` Airplane ! '' fame -RRB- at the helm , the movie skips along merrily , with plenty of sight gags , running jokes , and one-liners . I also think it 's prudish to call this a `` gross-out '' comedy - there 's nothing on a par with the `` frank and beans '' scene in '' ... Mary '' for the squeamish to avoid . Instead most of the humor revolves around the male bonding displayed by Trey , Matt and diminutive co-star Dian Bachar . The rituals of teasing , name-calling and hazing have rarely been portrayed as lovingly on screen before ... Numerous guest star appearances begin to drag toward the end of the film , but the acute social satire never lets up , and in the end the movie has a saccharine , feel-good flavor . In fact , the only reason this picked up an idiotic R rating must 've been the habitual usage of the f-word . Otherwise there 's no sex , no nudity , no violence and frankly the language would n't really shock an 8 yr old these days . But these are the censored times we live in ... Anyway , BASEketball is great , it zips along merrily , you have to pay close attention to get some of the more subtle gags and the pace slacks toward the end , but all in all I think you 'll watch it enough to warrant buying over renting .
 I first saw this movie when I rented it . How can I describe this ... hmmm ... how bought , AWESOME !!! I laughed my butt off , it 's jokes , humor and just everything about it makes it stand as one of my favorite movies . I recomend this movie to anyone who is wanting a good laugh .
 How could you lose with this movie , a comedy staring Trey Parker and Matt Stone , the geniouses behind South Park and it 's directed by David Zucker , who also worked on Airplane ! . A great movie about a couple of no names that invent a sport and over night they become the biggest sports heros in the world , not without a couple complications of course . A must see .
 This is my favourite movie of all times!The background thoughts behind the story that censorlessly attack the commercialism of sports and all the intrigues that come with it are brilliantly connected into an almost vulgarly comical film.The movie becomes great , not only due to the main cast and direction , but also with the enhancement of Reel Big Fish and DVDA , here the Radio song stands out.Every psych out is well thought out and hysterical and the game of baseketball would in my opinion have a real chance of becoming a popular game ... Loving itNils
 There 's been a lot of buzz about this actor Matt Riddlehoover -LRB- one very easy on the eye man -RRB- and this director Steve Balderson . I had to check it out for myself . The disc contains some 4 + hours of material . The film - with and without commentary - plus over an hour of bonus video blogs . I 've seen a lot of movies , but nothing quite like this . I 'm still trying to absorb what I saw and heard . This is a keeper to watch again and again and well worth the price of admission . Act 1 is way-over-the-top-bizzaro-titillating comedy . I kept thinking - where is all this leading ? Act 2 take an unexpectedly darker turn until the end . There 's ample nudity - OK , more than ample . Someone ask Matt Riddlehoover if he did his own `` stunts '' and he said `` why , yes I did . '' I 'd say this film is a must see to believe , but that 's just my opinion . I 'll be waiting for Part 2 ! Sidenote
 What a joy ! This is the sort of eccentric film that made John Waters so famous many years ago , only with better film quality . Matt Riddlehoover is perfect in the lead . It is always fun to see a parade of eccentric characters who do n't quite fit into society 's mainstream.Though Mr. Riddlehoover is naked for parts of the film , it is n't sexually explicit by my standards , and certainly is n't erotic . The combination of roles , combined with acting of a high standard , makes this is a real treat for the viewer .
 There 's been a lot of buzz about this actor Matt Riddlehoover -LRB- one very easy on the eye man -RRB- and this director Steve Balderson . I had to check it out for myself and watched it last night - some 4 + hours of material . The film - with and without commentary - plus over an hour of bonus video blogs . I 've seen a lot of movies , but nothing quite like this . I 'm still trying to absorb what I saw and heard . This is a keeper to watch again and again and well worth the price of admission . Act 1 is way-over-the-top-bizzaro-titillating comedy . I kept thinking - where is all this leading ? Act 2 take an unexpectedly darker turn until the end . There 's ample nudity - OK , more than ample . Someone ask Matt Riddlehoover if he did his own `` stunts '' and he said `` why , yes I did . '' I 'd say this film is a must see to believe , but that 's just my opinion . I 'll be waiting for Part 2 ! Sidenote
 I bought this DVD , hoping to enjoy a gay themed movie that was n't a `` B '' , with all the movies out there , this is one of the better made . The acting was n't bad , and the movie did a great job of holding my attention . Its not your typical gay movie style , but I am happy to have this in my collection .
 Mr. Barrows is a clever fellow that has issues . I think that Steve Balderson did a great job , considering the fact that the book was brilliant and it could not have been an easy task to make it into film . Great movie in how strange and different it is from everything you have ever seen before .
 If you 're into fun low budget movies then you should buy this . I watched the trailer on IMDB.com and thought I 'd give it a go despite the ratings it received . I was n't expecting anything big , but was surprised when the movie was n't as bad as I thought it would be . It was actually pretty entertaining . People who buy these low budget movies then write about how bad it is really bother me . Are you really expecting an oscar winner or what ? C'mon man !
 Altitude - one of the most overlooked and under-rated movies of 2010 - is a horror-thriller with science fiction flourishes that for the most part takes place in a small aiplane lost in the turbulent skies . Sara -LRB- Jessica Lowdnes -RRB- is a newly licensed small-craft pilot who 's flying herself and four friends across the country to see a concert . It 's at the tail end of their high school days , and one of several character-related undercurrents running through the movie is that -LRB- although no one wants to come out and say it -RRB- it 's the stage of their lives where at least some of them will probably soon be going their separate ways . A malfunction in the plane causes it to lose a lot of its insturment readings and to climb up a lot higher than it should , where it encounters stormy weather . The turbulence is rough , the plane has a limited amount of fuel , the passengers are in some cases turning on each other , and , with the plane flying erratically in low visibility , there 's no way to tell if they 're hundreds of feet above the ground or up several miles . So just finding a place to land is going to be difficult , let alone actually attempting it . Then the movie starts to get weird.There 's a lot of strange stuff and strange concepts tossed around in here ; some apparantly thought it went overboard , I myself loved it . For the most part it does n't explain outright why things are happening the way they are , it puts out hints and possibilities and leaves the rest open to viewer interpretation . An example is the initial plane malfunction
 I have been reading all this reviews about this film . A lot has been said about how bad this film was . In reality , this movie was amazing . I think its the expectations that ruins it . This is a movie shot in a small plane with a very tight plot and script . The story and acting was very griping . I was quite suprise , especially since the actors and people who made it were fairly new to the industry . Enjoyed this a lot and I hope you guys would give it a try ... turn off the lights ... Its on !!!
 Short and simple ... excellent movie with a supernatural twist . . this movie scared the crap out of me ... well acted and kept me on the edge of my seat so if you looking for a goid scare and a well acted movie Altitude is it Jessuca Lowndes was excellent
 This is one of those lame teenager movies where the plot is based more on weird emotional expression than realistic plot conception
 This Movie is amazing its scary and filled with action those of u who like horror thriller type movies u will like this one . its great and u will not be disappointed .
 This is an interesting take on the fate/destiny formula of thrillers out there.When I first read the plot description on IMDB I thought this would be another meaningless `` Final Destination '' type of film
 I just received this product in the mail yesterday . I found it to be very entertaining . There were no disappointments and I have no complaints . Thank you very much for the speed in which you sent it to me .
 I plan to get this when it 's released . I love Jessica Lowndes as `` No Drama '' Aderianna on 90210 . I just found out from an interview that Jessica actually took flying lessons from the Santa Monica Airport before filming this movie . She said it was the coolest thing , so I would guess some scenes of the movie will have little Jessica actually flying the plane ! Pretty sweet ! I wonder if she will continue to fly airplanes ? Or even buy one ? She 's got enough money by now .
 I am really looking forward to this movie being released . It was directed by the master of the comic book , Kaare Andrews , and will no doubt match the excellance Kaare has previously given us in the print media . The cast in the movie looks great , the plot is intriguing and the challenge to all of them , the director and the cast , to make a movie within the limited context of a private airplane , will unquestionably be something worth watching.Altitude
 If you 're interested in ghosts or the paranormal , this flick is a serious treat!We 've all watched ghost hunting `` reality '' shows on TV , and going into this documentary , I was wondering what could they possibly show I have n't seen . Well , as it turns out , PLENTY.Most ghost hunting programs - and films , for that matter - are so determined to frighten that they spend alot of time flash-cutting , trumping up fakey `` results '' , and building heavy , overbearing `` spooky '' sound design . By contrast , INVESTIGATING THE AFTERLIFE shows what the experience of ghost hunting is really like - the patience required , the psychology , and ultimately , the terror . Instead of `` trying '' so hard to be scary , INVESTIGATING THE AFTERLIFE actually is . The process of paranormal investigation is played out , and as a result is WAY more intense and gripping than the editorially manufactured stuff you 've seen on TV.Amateur ghost-hunter Shane Free dares to do something so many of us have thought about doing , and by documenting his efforts in an unsensationalized and honest manner , puts us RIGHT THERE with him ! This is a seriously spooky treat and an absolute must-see for fans of ghost-hunting , the paranormal , or anyone just wanting to watch an usually creepy movie !
 This was probably the best amateur ghost investigation documentary I 've seen . The footage and sound is clear . The evidence is presented very matter of fact without embellishment . I am very impressed by this . I suggest it highly to anyone that is interested in ghost investigation .
 For someone just going around visiting haunted places , I think he did extremely well . He is n't a paranormal investigator , he is just someone who is interested , but did better than many I have seen . Prospect Place was done very well . If you go back tell George HEY ! lol . We had the house to ourselves and caught numerous things there . Excellent place to go if your interested in the paranormal .
 This documentary is RIVETING ! The attempt here is to show how ghost-hunting is actually done , step by step , and the result is a serious case of the creeps . The ouija board sequence alone kept me up that night.This movie reminded me a fair amount of PARANORMAL ACTIVITY -LRB- which I also loved -RRB- . Although far less sensational in its results -LRB- PARANORMAL ACTIVITY is , after all , fiction -RRB- , that same unsettling sense of dread and fear built throughout INVESTIGATING THE AFTERLIFE.This one will keep you jumping . And if you 've ever thought about taking on a ghost hunt , its a must-see !
 This is a straight forward documentary . The movie follows Shane has he prepares him self with the latest investigative tools and goes on a personal mission to capture paranormal evidence . Unlike most of the personal documentaries in the field , this movie is superbly produced and a very interesting `` Watch '' .
 This movie was interesting , and I really hope he does another . It was an honest `` ghost investigation '' without the `` hoopla '' and a tv crew of 20 . The evidence that he presented and his evaluation was honest.With all the `` ghost hunting '' programs on TV , people have to realize , that 99 % of the time they are for entertainment purposes only . They ahould not be taken seriously ... it 's mostly hype . The difference with this movie , is that it was a honest documentary of one man 's search into the paranormal ... It may not be too scary , but it is real .
 I hope I 'm not giving anything away , but I learned that the IR thermometer measures temperature changes , the EMF detector measures electro-magnetic fields , EVP is electronic voice phenomenon where you hear sounds on tape that you did n't hear when you were doing the recording , a disembodied voice is where you hear sounds that have no known source and orbs are round floating objects that sometimes appear on film.This is a very well made production with expert cutting and a killer soundtrack which keeps you hooked in from start to finish . I am a skeptic of the subject matter and do n't usually pay attention to documentaries relating to the paranormal . But the quality of the filmmaking kept me interested throughout.I especially enjoyed the deleted scenes where we are introduced to the equipment that was used to detect paranormal activity .
 This movie is absolutely great !!! It is full of wildlife and beautiful images ... that just take your breath away . I 've visited Alaska many times and have tons of Alaska movies and I must say this movie captures what Alaska is truly like ! Alaska'a pristine beauty is presented perfectly !!! You will just fall in love with the animals in the movie and also you will love the glaciers and glacier action too.The narration is presented very well . I learned sooo much and it was sooo easy to understand !!! I highly recommend this movie to school teachers for their classes ... I think children would like it a lot !!! A great movie for anyone interested in Alaska 's nature : -RRB-
 It 's wonderful that they were able to capture some rare wildlife that not all of us get to experience . Totally awesome show , I pretty much love Sea Otters : -RRB-
 Wow ... this is a great movie . It is so educational and enjoyable to watch.I love the animals in this movie and my husband just loved the calving glaciers . My kids absolutely loved this movie too . They have already watched it three times since we bought it . They are totally glued to the screen !!! This is a wonderful family movie . There is definitely something in this movie for everyone ! I am definitely considering getting my friends with kids this movie for Christmas . I give it an A + +
 This DVD is a great look at the wild life in Alaska . The footage is wonderful and just the calving glaciers was enough for me to want to watch it again . Its filled with interesting content and great narration . I ca n't say more good things about this . The beautiful footage is something to behold . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Having been to Alaska on a vacation , I was curious if this DVD could capture the beauty and magic that is unique to the state . After watching , I was very impressed . This DVD beautifully portrays our northern most state . From awe inspiring glaciers , the beauty of the bears , whales and other wildlife , to the great narration , this movie is a virtual Alaskan vacation .
 This is most gorgeous documentaries on Alaska I have ever seen There 's such beautiful footage and great narration in the DVD . It shows just how exciting Alaska is with their glaciers and whales , and even the bears ! It made me want to go on an Alaska cruise and enjoy nature up there .
 It is amazing how the wildlife was captured in this film . Humpback whales so close you can hear them breathe . The close ups of the bears and other wildlife will blow your mind . The highlight of this film is the calving of the glaciers . Talk about being in the right place at the right time ! This film is also educational . Your family and friends will enjoy watching the Wonders of Alaska together.This film would make an excellent gift for Christmas . If you 've never been to Southeast Alaska you will feel that you experienced it after watching this film .
 It is amazing how this movie portrays Alaska 's magnificence and wildlife . I have seen many Alaska movies over the years , but this one stands out as unique in that it shows the most BEAUTIFUL blue icebergs and CALVING GLACIERS . The calving glaciers in this film is so stunning it will make you sit back in your seat wondering how on earth the filmmaker was able to capture it.I bought 5 of these from the seller `` Travel Movies '' to send off to my grandkids as Christmas presents . I was surprised to see that I received five autographed copies in the mail from the filmmaker , so that was a cool surprise.My older son plans on taking an Alaska cruise in 2010 and I 'm sure he will marvel at the craftsmanship of how the film was put together.I highly recommend that you buy this movie ! This is a great movie . I recommend it . Once you show your friends the huge chunks of ice breaking off the glaciers and falling into the sea , they will be stunned .
 Awesome Alaska is seen in the Kelly/Fair DVD . Wonderfully articulate explanations and clear audio do not rule out hearing the calving of glaciers or the barking of harbor seals as we traverse this beautiful Alaskan scene ! Great feature for the tourist or the family or schools.DVD , Wonders of Alaska would be a perfect gift item as well .
 This movie is absolutely breathtaking ! I grew up in Alaska , surrounded by its magnificent scenery and wildlife , but the footage that Adam has captured is absolutely outstanding and inspiring . I highly recommend this movie , regardless of whether you live , have visited , or have never experienced the beauty that Alaska has to offer . I was absolutely amazed at the footage , soothing music , and informative and inspiring narration . I guarantee once you buy this movie you 'll be planning your next trip to experience the wonders of Alaska for your self !
 The The Wonder of Alaska by Adam Kelly was a 2011 Christmas gift . Our sister-in-law absolutely adores and loves it .
 This is a great DVD . Just to see the glaciers and unspoiled world there is wonderful . But the narration is excellent as well . I watched it with my daughter and she loved it too . This really is something the whole family can enjoy .
 `` The Wonders of Alaska '' DVD makes you feel like you 've actually taken an Alaskan cruise around this vast state and its beautiful nature scenery . Where else can you see whales and bears in their natural environments , massive glaciers and vast wilderness ? The DVD is exciting , with beautiful footage , interesting content and great narration . I highly recommend this DVD to all nature lovers wanting to experience the wonders of Alaska .
 I really enjoyed this Alaska DVD.It was exciting to watch , because if you have not made a trip to Alaska , the dvd put your there.My family and I went on a 7-day alaska cruise , and we actually saw the bears and all of the wonderful nature scenes . This dvd captured this beautifully .
 I have been wanting to take an Alaskan Cruise for quite some time and I can honestly say that after watching this movie , I have never wanted to visit more than I do now . The nature footage was simply incredible . I loved learning about all of the wild life and the glaciers looked simply majestic . If you 're curious about Alaska or planning to visit in the future , I highly recommend checking out this video .
 Experience Alaska in your own home . This dvd is nothing short of amazing ! Beautiful footage of nature , bears , whales ... coupled with great narration.If you 're a fan of nature dvds , this is one you need to add to your collection .
 I personally find this dvd very informative about the wild in alaska . It has beautiful footage and very desprictive content . It is worth watching over and over again .
 This is an amazing , thought provoking cinematic experience . Great narration takes you through an exciting Alaska cruise , calving glaciers , wild bears , breathtaking whales all appear on this beautiful footage ! Great purchase and an amazing DVD !!! Highly recommend to anyone !
 This is a great DVD . If you want to go to Alaska but cant afford it or cant find the time this is the next best thing . Beautiful footage of bears , whales , and glaciers .
 This video has footage of calving glaciers , bears , whales and all kinds of nature following an Alaska cruise . It is accompanied by good narration that is exciting to watch , especially for kids and any one who likes watching travel shows . See what Alaska has to offer !
 Experiencing a life in Alaska is everybody 's greatest aspiration . Though , not everybody could afford to reach Alaska 's wonderful footage of glaciers and animals . Alaska DVD that amazon offers might be the best instrument to fight against longing to actually reach Alaska 's best . Watching this can bring you into perfect reality of how it feels to get your feet touch the land of beautiful Alaska .
 This is probably the best Alaska DVD I have seen in a long time . The footage of glaciers , whales , bears and nature in general are amazing . The great narration along with the beautiful footage make this a must have DVD .
 This book really opened my eyes to the beautiful state Alaska is . The wildlife is wonderful , prettier than one could imagine . This book was very education .
 I was very excieted to watch this movie . It evaluates glaciers climate change and a lot to do with alaska . It had many whales , bears , and many things of nature . I give it five stars and I recommend everyone get this video !
 A very good movie that captures Alaska at its finest . You get to see Alaska up close and personal eventhough you may be in you living room watching it . Thats how good the movie is and is a must see .
 This is a fabulous DVD covering all of the breathtaking wonders of Alaska . It is the closest thing to an actual tour . This is great for those curious about visiting as well as informative enough for all of those just curious about what Alaska has to offer .
 My family and I are planning an Alaska Cruise in this upcoming year and I am so glad that I found this DVD before going . It is a beautifully done Alaska travel video . There are many breathtaking scenes and imagery of bears , whales , and the monstrous glaciers . It 's also a learning video because you learn about the effects of global warming , climate change , and leaving a carbon footprint . I highly recommend this video to anyone planning a trip to Alaska or just want to add a wonderful DVD to their library .
 For anyone that loves the outdoors , the wilderness and nature this DVD is an excellent example of all that Alaska has to offer besides ice , cold and Sarah Palin .
 This Alaska dvd is one of the best DVD 's I have ever seen . Was watching it on my 50 inch HD TV and the glaciers were simply amazing . I am going to Alaska in the Winter of 2011 so this DVD got me in the mood to see some wonder glaciers along with some wildlife !
 Hello . I have purchased this DVD for my nephew for Christmas . I was amazed by the calving glaciers , great narration , beautiful footage , whales and bears . This is a very exciting DVD to own if you are a fan of the Alaskan continent . The nature just jumps right out of the TV !
 This Alaska DVD was great and gives wonderful insight on bears , glaciers , and much more . The nature of Alaska is magnificent and the narration and wonderful footage that these filmakers have put together is fantastic and I would reccomend this movie to anyone .
 This is a great movie . It has some of the most beautiful footage or glaciers , nature , wild bears and whales . It is actually really exciting and contains very interesting content . It is fun to follow along to great narration of a land I have never visited . This is the perfect Alaska DVD .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this DVD . Alaska 's natural beauty is breathtaking and the footage is beautiful . You get to see all kinds of amazing wildlife like bears and whales as well as stunning landscapes . I highly recommend this DVD for anyone who loves nature !
 This was a wonderful Dvd , It showed wonderful things about Alaska !! The Dvd should not be missed , and watched over and over !! This is kid friendly and educational !!
 This sis a great DVD ! The whole family watched and enjoyed it . Beautiful scenes and great narration ! I recommend this to everyone ! I used to live in Alaska and they truly capture the beauty of it . They showed lots of different animals like bears , whales , and other interesting things . It kept us all entertained and is very interesting !
 for all of us nature folks this dvd is one to have , i have been on an alaskan cruise and it was beautiful , the glaciers are amazing and the beautiful footage on the dvd brought it all back , the great narration accompanied with the interesting content made it worth the buy , i sincerely recommend getting this for the experience .
 Come take an amazing look inside what Alaska has to offer with it 's captivating landscapes and an abundance of wildlife.Get up close and personal with the beautiful glaciers , amazing whale footage , bears and nature in it 's raw form.Not to mention fascinating narration.Alaska DVD is worth every cent and you wont be disappointed .
 I 've always wondered what Alaska is like , so this Alaksa DVD has proven to be very helpful , and exciting ! . I loved being able to see the animals such as whales and bears in the beautiful Alaskan nature . The footage was absolutely beautiful , and the narration was great and did n't make me bored to listen to . I am determined to go on an Alaskan cruise now !
 I got interested in seeing this after seeing GRIZZLY MAN . The scenery of Alaska is gorgeous , with enormous glaciers , polar bears in a shrinking habitat , and whales close to the shores . If you love nature , you 'll love this exciting , beautiful footage with great narration .
 This DVD is a great choice for someone looking to get a peek at some of the best scenery in Alaska . These really make the cruises through Tracy Arm fjord sound so exciting and wonderful . It has great narration , gives you great footage of bears and other animals . The imagery of the glaciers and icebergs are absolutely amazing . Worth the buy , great to watch for a little at home vacation on the sofa ! Educational for the kids too !
 The wonders of Alaska DVD is a venture inside the beautiful state of Alaska . The beautiful glaciers , wild animals , and unique culture are treat to watch . My favorite part of the DVD would be the great narration and the wild animals such as bears , whales and moose . I highly recommend purchasing this DVD . The interesting content and beautiful footage are both educational and interesting .
 This DVD is what finally convinced me and my family to visit Alaska ! The DVD has wonderful footage of bears , glaciers , whales , and much much more ! The narration is great and it provides a lot of valuable information on the great outdoors of Alaska .
 Oh my god . . this movie is just awesome ... gives you the feel of actually visitin alaska and visiting the bears and whales present in the green nature ... Truly inspiring and delightful.This is a very very good movie and made in a very nice way.The glaciers are shooted in such a awe insiring way.Wow.Just Wow.Very neat n intertesing narration makes this DVD just unique and really cool
 Crimson Force is based on the conspiracy and UFO-alien theories you 'll find all over the Web about Mars . You know ... The purported Pyramid and `` Face '' that NASA photographed on Mars and then later explained as a play of light and shadows . Cruise the Web and look at the photos -- interesting stuff . Anyway , whether there was ever life on Mars or not is irrelevant . The movie takes this premise , supposes that there was indeed intelligent life , and that it 's still there . In fact , the life that 's there might hold the key to the betterment of life on Earth.The movie plays with this premise by creating an overall conflict between human astronauts and martian inhabitants , as well as conflicts within each group . Changing alliances , parallel running themes , twists , turns and double crosses accent a movie that 's part action-adventure , part alien/government conspiracy , and part `` popcorn '' fun . The `` science '' is very sci-fi , but works within the explanations given . Thematically , the movie actually has something to say beneath its sci-fi veneer . The cast is a who 's who of genre stars . Overall , Crimson Force is a fun ride !
 I bought this movie after having saw it years ago on the Sci-Fi channel . I liked how they worked in bits of the Annunkai story into it . There 's parts of it that are a bit `` cheesy '' . It 's a better movie to re-watch than some Sci-Fi movies . I 'll watch it again .
 Interesting investigation on one of the most haunted places . Good video and really creepy EVP ; s . The DVD director 's cut has extended footage of the interviews and the investigations . ghostville.us
 On the grounds of an abandoned mental institution the investigators founds some really interesting paranormal activity . This program uses archival footage and patient interviews along with the paranormal investigators to tell the story .
 this is a really well made documentary about indiana jones fans by indiana jones fans.you can really tell that the director is a huge fan of the indiana jones series.i will be honest and say the first half of the dvd is a little bit better than the second and i wished about 10 minutes would have been edited off and about 10 minutes of the deleted scenes put back in but it is all there with the deleted scenes being available on the disc anyway.my hats off to the makers of this movie and i really enjoyed this dvd and recomend it to all indiana jones fans .
 If you 've seen documentaries about fandom -- `` Star Trek '' and `` The Lord of the Rings '' come immediately to mind -- you know how low the bar is set when it comes to producing a documentary about specific fandoms . In `` Trekkies , '' released in 1997 , pokes fun at `` Star Trek '' fans , beginning with its pejorative title . -LRB- `` Star Trek '' fans prefer to be called Trekkers , to begin with ; and , no , they all do n't run around in the real world wearing Starfleet uniforms when working their real jobs or appearing for jury duty , as does Barbara Adams , who lives the fantasy of being a Commanding Officer in Starfleet . -LRB- Aside
 Some great interviews with various people involved with the Indy films . Namely Vic armstrong and deborah noodleman . Nice piece on whip cracking from Anthony deLongis , could have been a bit longer if i was being picky.Overall a great watch and nice to see that i 'm not alone in the fan world when it comes to all things Indiana Jones!Oh and give who ever did the DVD jacket a pat on the back . Job well done .
 This is a fun film looking at the fandom of Indiana Jones . One of the better films that I 've seen on the subject of fandom . Instead of focusing to heavily on crazy fans , it talks with the cast and crew of the Indy films and gets their thoughts on the chaos behind one of the world 's largest franchises !
 Looking back on how a simple adventure movie has affected so many folks around the world , from so many different ages and walks of life , speaks to the magic of Indiana Jones and this film captures it all ! Listening to stuntpeople greats like Vic Armstrong and Wendy Leech to Dark Horse Comics ' Mike Richardson all talk about why Indy is so great is fun and enlightening . Watching the fun fans have with Indy memories , whips , collectibles and so much more are great fun as well . If you have seen the Indiana Jones movies , read the novels and comics , bought the toys , rode the Disney rides , read TheRaider.net and listen to the Indy -- Cast podcast -- well this movie is for you ! -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B001EKGY50 Indyfans and the Quest for Fortune and Glory -RSB- so watch it after you watch Indy and the Crystal Skull.ASIN : B00005JPO1 Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- -RSB- -RSB-
 I was in New Haven , CT when they were filming Indiana Jones & The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull , because I happen to live there , and apparently I even looked ` authentic ' enough to be cast as a professor in an old , brown suit . -LRB- I had to jump out of the way holding my briefcase and newspaper when the film 's heros sped through the college courtyard on their motorcycle . -RRB- I also was fortunate enough to spend some time with the filmakers of INDYFANS , as they documented the process , highlighting the fans , the hype , and the overall excitement surrounding the entire production.Considering the movie 's pivotal chase scene was shot at Yale University , and the movie 's library was actually a set created in Yale 's huge dining hall , there was much to see , learn , discover , and enjoy -- Kleyla captures it all in his documentary , and then follows the film to other locales to bring us all a bit closer to the limelight . Get this dvd and share the thrills behind of one of the biggest movies of its year !
 Sci-fi , anmie fans will like this one . The story , special effects , action , characters will not disappoint !! Give it a go !
 some of the other reviewers are right , this movie will keep you guessing until the end . what exactly is going on ? is dr peebles really a bad guy ? but he is so likeable of a character . the ending in not pointless but very moving , if you like drama movies . check this out . .
 This is a fresh indie film . It 's a dramatic thriller with an undertone of sarcasism . Very unique . I really enjoyed it . 5 stars .
 I enjoyed this film . Clever . Tense . It 's a good entertaining DVD for a relaxing evening at home .
 Not too long ago I heard about a Pink Panther movie titled Inspector Clouseau -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , released between A Shot in the Dark -LRB- 1964 -RRB- and Return of the Pink Panther -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , and featuring Alan Arkin -LRB- instead of Peter Sellers -RRB- in the title role , and my instincts told me it could n't possibly be any good . When it was finally released on DVD , I was a bit apprehensive to pick it up , given my affinity for the late , great Mr. Sellers , particularly in his Pink Panther roles , but I decided to give it a shot , and you know what ? I did n't hate it ... actually , I enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would ... written by Frank and Tom Waldman , both of whom were responsible for the screenplay for the 1968 film The Party -LRB- a most excellent film featuring Sellers -RRB- , and directed by Bud Yorkin -LRB- `` All in the Family '' , `` Sanford and Son '' -RRB- , the film features , as I mentioned , Alan Arkin -LRB- Catch-22 , Little Murders -RRB- as Inspector Jacques Clouseau . Also appearing is Delia Boccardo -LRB- The Adventurers -RRB- , Patrick Cargill -LRB- Carry On Jack -RRB- , Frank Finlay -LRB- A Study in Terror -RRB- , Barry Foster -LRB- Frenzy -RRB- , Clive Francis -LRB- Romeo and Juliet -RRB- , and Michael Ripper -LRB- X the Unknown , The Brides of Dracula -RRB- , a great character actor who appeared in a large of horror films released by Hammer Studios from the 1950s into the 1970s . The story begins in England , as the authorities are busy investigating a large scale robbery that netted the gang involved some two and a half million pounds , which is believed will be used to finance an even larger heist . Due to security leaks on the force , the decision is made to bring in an outsider in that of the famous French detective Inspector Jacques Clouseau . During an interview with a prisoner -LRB- who subsequently escapes -RRB- , Clouseau gets a tip on the leader of gang , a mysterious individual named Johnny Rainbow . From here it 's a series of misadventures as the bumbling detective bounces from one wacky situation to another , narrowly surviving numerous assassination attempts purely through dumb luck . Along the way he meets up with an attractive Interpol agent , and ends up rubbing his English counterparts the wrong way given his comical arrogance . Eventually the criminal plot is revealed , and it 's a nefarious plan involving stealing Inspector Clouseau 's identity and robbing a large number of banks across Europe , with the generally hapless Clouseau intended as the patsy . The grand theft goes off as planned , but Clouseau , like a persistent rash , always manages to find himself smack dab in the middle of things -LRB- whether he realizes it or not -RRB- , despite his blundering and incompetent nature , taking us on a comical romp across Europe.I had heard the reason Peter Sellers and Blake Edwards , who wrote and directed the two , previous Pink Panther films chose not to participate in this third entry pretty much because they were burned out on the character , and needed a break . Given the successes of the previous films , it 's not surprising the studio forged ahead without them , for better or worse -LRB- Edwards and Sellers would reunite for the release of 1975 's The Return of the Pink Panther -RRB- . Okay , Alan Arkin is no Peter Sellers , but he does have some comical chops -LRB- check out the 1979 film The In-Laws -RRB- . The one , main aspect I struggled with in terms of this film was my constant comparing of Seller 's Clouseau , which is obviously the standard , to Arkin 's . The two never really came close , but only because Sellers was a genius in understanding and presenting the nature of the character , while Arkin is just pretty much playing the part . In Arkin 's defense , there are few who could follow Sellers , but he gave it a good try , the result being half the time it worked , and half the time it did n't -LRB- the biggest fault I saw was Arkin 's character was prone to goofy , strained histrionics -RRB- . The effort was here , but it ca n't help but seem hollow at times compared to what came before ... there was one , really odd scene near the end , when Arkin 's character uncharacteristically admits defeat -LRB- momentarily -RRB- , as the situation which he 's in seems hopeless and beyond his capabilities . I do n't ever recall a moment like this in any of the films Sellers appeared in as Clouseau , only because his character was so steeped in his own confident arrogance that he could never admit defeat , which would lead to even more comical situations . Another weird element presents itself early on Clouseau is taken to a Scottish festival by his English counterpart , which results in the first , botched assassination attempt , along with Clouseau winning a plum pudding , one that he seems to develop a completely unnatural obsession over , to the point of it being really creepy . There are some pretty funny moments throughout the film , including an impromptu game of musical chairs with an English police commissioner near the beginning , some antics as Clouseau is outfitted with spy type gadgets , an overly amorous Superintendent 's wife , an incident during a funeral of one of the suspected gang members -LRB- the bit in the open grave was pretty funny , if not somewhat homoerotic -RRB- , and so on , along with the expected slapstick , but the gags never really had the punch or zing as was present in the other films . I thought Yorkin did pretty well directing this film , as he manages to keep things moving along , even if the story felt uneven at times -LRB- the whole scheme of stealing Clouseau 's identity and using it against him seemed a bit of a stretch , but did result in some funny bits -RRB- , strung together by some pretty thin threads . All in all this is a decent enough film , worthy of a solid 3 stars.The picture , presented in anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 2.35:1 -RRB- , looks quite good and the Dolby Digital audio comes through clean . There are n't really any extras , other than some previews for other Pink Panther related releases including the Steve Martin feature The Pink Panther -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , The Pink Panther Film Collection 6 DVD set , and The Pink Panther Classic Cartoon Collection DVD set . I would have appreciated a little back story on this film to have been included , but oh well ... Cookieman108
 Sellers is unbeatable as the incomperable Inspector Clouseau . It took some tracking , but I finally found this rare video . Alan Arkin with his nasal accent can never mach Peter Sellers ` acting abilities , but he would be second in line to make a Pink Panther video.The video has a good plot , with Clouseau tracking all over Europe to track down a ring of bank robbers . Although Inspector Clouseau would be better with Sellers staring in the main role , the video was worth the $ 20 spent to buy it .
 Alan Arkin -LRB- like George Lazenby in the James Bond franchise -RRB- only got to do it once , but in his interpretation of Inspector Clouseau , he pulls it off memorably . One of the things that makes this movie so good is that Arkin 's Clouseau is organic to the movie and so the movie clips along at a decent pace . Sometimes with Peter Sellers , everything came to a stop so that we could watch him trip and twitch and put his foot into buckets and unsuccessfully try out costumes ... until it felt like the movie ran about ten to twenty minutes too long . Peter Sellers could be very funny , but sometimes the gag could be tedious . ` Revenge of the Pink Panther ' is my favorite of the Sellers entries because it felt like an editor was employed . -- Another thing that makes the Arkin Clouseau so much fun is that he actually seems to be a little smarter than the Sellers Clouseau . What makes Sellers funny is that he is both stupid and supremely arrogant . We do n't necessarily like him , but he is funny . With Arkin , you actually end up liking the guy . There 's a sympathetic core to him and this is partly due to the fact that he is n't all that stupid . He has moments of personal insight -LRB- like when he rips up his autographed Sean Connery picture because he does n't deserve it -RRB- and it makes Clouseau interesting . -- Arkin is smart here . He does n't try to be Peter Sellers . This is n't imitation . It may not even be interpretation . What Arkin has to work with is a funny and smart script , wonderful locales and a team -LRB- like the Lazenby Bond -RRB- who bent over backwards to bring out a Clouseau movie that does n't have the original Clouseau . What it amounts to is a funny -LRB- at times , hilarious -RRB- movie that shines in the Pink Panter franchise . This movie is n't just a curiousity . It 's a terrific comedy that 's worth a look .
 `` Inspector Clouseau '' is the most obscure entry in the Pink Panther franchise , even more obscure than `` Curse of the Pink Panther '' or `` Son of the Pink Panther . '' Technically the third movie in the series , `` Inspector Clouseau '' finds Alan Arkin in the title role of French Inspector Jacques Clousea , a character Peter Sellers had started to make famous in two previous movies and a character that Sellers would become inextricably linked to in four more afterwards . `` Inspector Clouseau '' lacks the boundless energy of director Shawn Levy and actor Steve Martin 's 2006 entry in the franchise or the subtle sophistication of any of director Blake Edward and actor Peter Sellers ' indisputable classics , but director Bud Yorkin and actor Alan Arkin 's entry is undeniably unique and actually quite entertaining . `` Inspector Clouseau '' finds the ever klutzy Clouseau heading from France to London to France again and then onto Switzerland to take on the psychotic gang behind the Great Train Robbery , led by the mysterious `` Johnny Rainbow '' . Clouseau is assisted by shifty Scotland Yard Inspector Weaver -LRB- Frank Finlay , who played Inspector Lestrade in `` A Study in Terror '' and again in `` Murder by Decree '' -RRB- who arms Clouseau with an array of James Bond-style gadgetry . Along the way Clouseau , as he 's always had the knack to , finds his way into the arms of beautiful babes and takes out dangerous underworld assassins trying to kill him , all completely on accident.Bud Yorkin 's directing style is quite different from Blake Edward 's , and the whole movie feels like a completely different animal from any of the other Pink Panther flicks . But the movie finds a charm and sense of fun all its own . A lack of a jazzy Henry Mancini score adds to the distance from other Panthers , but Ken Thorne 's hummable score is a suitable replacement . Memorable moments include a scene where Clouseau moves from chair to chair while being debriefed by the Scotland Yard commissioner -LRB- Patrick Cargill -RRB- , a scene where he finds himself `` modeling '' for a seductive photographer , and a hilarious sequence where he and Weaver become intensely competitive playing games on a speeding train . There 's also a sufficient number of twists and turns that make this movie worth a look despite its obscurity .
 This is a real good movie despite the fact Peter Sellers is n't in it . Alan Arkin does an excellent job of portraying the character of Inspector Clouseau . Alan Arkin uses the same accent and physical humor as Peter Sellers did.The movie is filled with hilarios scenes and of course begins with a humorous cartoon short.If you are a Pink Panther fan I suggest for you to buy a copy today .
 This is Definately not The Best Pink Panther film . It is not as good as the other ones that I 've seen . I 've only seen The Pink Panther -LCB- 1964 -RCB- , A Shot In The Dark , this one , and The Pink Panther -LCB- 2006 -RCB- . If you are into the Pink Panther series just for Peter Sellers , you wo n't like this one . This film has a great cast.Alan Arkin as Inspector Jacques Clouseau , Frank Finlay as Supt. Weaver , Barry Foster as Addison Steele , Patrick Cargill as Commisioner Sir Charles Braithwaite , Beryl Reid as the crazed Mrs. Weaver , Clive Francis as Johnny Rainbow , and introducing Delia Boccardo as Lt. Lisa Morrel . You will definately laugh hysterically . As Inspector Clouseau says , `` There 's a time for laughing and a time for not laughing - and this is not one of them ! ''
 All that is factual about this film has been stated well in the other reviews . However , one thing has been missed even by critics . Alan Arkin , not Peter Sellers , `` created '' the Inspector Clouseau that we know and love . I do not care what the books say , I use my eyes . I saw the first PINK PANTHER in theaters because yes , I am that old . Sellers ' portrayal was a vast difference between his 1st and his 2nd characterization . In between those portrayals came Arkin , who defined the completely incompetent , haughty Clouseau we know today.Arkin gave Clouseau much more comic depth , yet managed to convince us that he really was an inept French detective with his genuineness - something Sellers totally lacked at first . Without the silly gags which were so abused by both Sellers and Blake Edwards , Arkin delivers a picture-perfect performance . And it is in no way based on Sellers ' initial performance.This 1968 offering came about , interestingly enough , because of Sellers ' refusal to ever work with Blake Edwards on another film ; several Panther films were in the planning at this stage -LRB- this is the 3rd film in the series -RRB- . Though Sellers worked with Edwards around this time inThe Party , and created Clouseau in 1963 ` sThe Pink Panther -LRB- 1963 -RRB- and reprised it in 1964 ` sA Shot in the Dark , Clouseau was not fully worked out as a Sellers creation.Sellers was even unable to latch onto a proper French accent after having had two films in which to perfect the character . Arkin was a wise choice and smoothly took over the portrayal of Clouseau . I bemoan the fact that Arkin did not stay on to do the entire film series . In fact , even Clouseau 's signature wardrobe - the famous soft traveling fedora and trench coat - were established as an innovation by Arkin.I took away one star for a weak storyline that smacks too much of the 1960 's and for a really strange soundtrack . Yorkin could have done much better , yet I am also aware everyone was quite pressed for time here . Otherwise , Arkin brings an unusual sparkle to this film , and one final secret
 I thought Peter Sellers could not be bested but Arkin did a great job . Funny movie for Clouseau lovers , worth the money I paid .
 The status of this film is only diminished when you consider that Peter Sellers did not assume the title role . That said , Alan Arkin is no slouch . Arkin is a consummate actor and an adept comedian . His performance here is ever so slightly informed by Sellers and he adds a few of his own comic fluorishes to the Clouseau character . After a while you forget Sellers is n't in the film and accept it for what it is . The film does have a nifty plot involving a gang of thieves whose masterplan is to rob the Zurich bank and frame Clouseau . Peter would be proud .
 Once you get through the almost Playboy , LA lipstick versions of gay women and just settle in , The L Word is a lot of fun . It has become a cult in the lesbian circles and is actually a very interesting story . Do n't know how much longer they should keep going though . All good stories slow down and this is no exception . It is , however , still fun , sassy and sexy . I recommend it !
 I love these dvds . I own all of the seasons so far . I cant wait till the next one comes out .
 Such a great show ! I have all 4 seasons so far , and am itching for Season 5 . Highly recommended if you have n't seen it already . Just start from the beginning .
 Wow , this series is seriously sexy , sassy and overwhelmingly good . Being a lesbian myself I found this series to be so true to form . A must have in ones DVD collection .
 It keeps the series alive ! A lot of twists and turns to keep you interested .
 It may just be that I am a geek and feel like the girls on this show are my friends and family -LRB- or lovers - hehe -RRB- , but I loved this season and I enjoy finding out what they are up to . Maybe a little outrageous with Jenny 's crazy antics , but Hollywood has to make everything sensational to keep up ratings . Overall , I adored another season with the girls and I can not wait to get the next season .
 I enjoy all the previous L word seasons but I think season 4 totally rocks .
 I took a big chance of purchasing this item in the hope that I could view it on an Australian Multi Region DVD player and IT WORKED perfectly . It would have taken another 12mths to come out here , so thank you very much . Will definitely being purchasing more DVD 's .
 I am a huge fan of `` The L Word , '' but I have no problem with criticizing it when the script writing lags and the performances sag -LRB- What happened during season 2 ??? -RRB- . However , I have little to no complaints about Season 4 of this awesome series.Honestly , I watched this entire season without stopping -LRB- good thing I had a lot of free time -RRB- . In my opinion , this is EASILY the best season of the bunch . The plot never gets bogged down in seriousness -LRB- although it deals with serious issues , these are balanced with fun and poignant plot details -RRB- like the second season did -LRB- why , WHY , did that season spend so much time covering the death of Bette 's father ?? -RRB- The actress who plays `` Max '' apparently has gone to acting school since the last season , for her acting is much more believable and meaningful . Shane 's previous facade as a heartless player is FINALLY dropped , and she gets to experiment with a wider range of emotions . Plus , all of the new characters are hot , complicated , hilarious ! And the old characters are re-invented , but still retain their lovable qualities -LRB- although my previously-favorite character , Jenny , becomes a complete brat -RRB- . As a side note , I was blown away by the actress who plays `` Tasha ''
 L word is my favorite show . Love the drama and the humor.wish there were more shows out there like it .
 I love this show , the quality was perfact , but it took a while to get to me . other then that i am satisfied .
 Great Acting . Realistic portrayal of lesbians in everyday life situations . This show deserves to come back with the original cast .
 I Love the show this is awesome you can watch at home on a lap top . Works fine on amazion
 Anhy one that is an L word fan should own the music . Its a great collection of music for season 4 .
 out of order -LRB- had 3rd season bought 1st -RRB- and was confused by everything , but when I had finally watched the first 3 seasons in order , everything made sense . At the time I bought the episodes for 4th season , I had no patience in getting the 4th season on DVD , but now that I have it on DVD , looked through all the episodes and it was alright . Not my favorite season but it was alright .
 What Can I say . . Another GREAT SEASON ... . Kept me glued to the TV / DVD Player . . LOL . . this season make me glad I was buying the entire season ...
 I like to think this is my way of supporting gays . Lol . The acting is superb and the intricate stories between the verious characters is very compelling .
 This is the best season since season 1 . In fact it may be better than season 1 . The writers really stepped it up this season !
 Just as with the other seasons of this series I bought the quality is excellent and the content will surely become a collectors item and gain value in years to come .
 What can I say , the show is awesome . They continue to introduce interesting , layered characters and if you liked the other seasons you 'll like this one . I only wish they would make more episodes a season ... I 'll have to wait for season 5 .
 Long anticipated , this 4th Season of the L Word does meet the expectations of people/sisters like me . Am looking forward to Season 5 . Thank you
 The Fourth Series of the L Word keeps up both the pace and interest in the story and characters . Several new very sexy girls join the cast , challanging not only the characters but the viewers to examine issues both social and personal . The story lines will open the eyes of many to things that single , attached and parental lesbians deal with . The only minus is -LRB- and I am guessing this wont be a minus for most -RRB- there seems to be more sex less story . I love the scenes but the writing is that good that I want more from the characters , the first three series had a perfect balance of heart pumping sex and mind stimulating stories . Well done again .
 May it be importat to some viewers , that the whole 4 season is also in spanish -LRB- mono -RRB- translation .
 We think it 's a good value when you consider the cost of a cable pay station for the year versus the price of the DVD 's that we can watch at our leisure . The DVD 's work just fine and are of excellent quality . We buy the collection every season .
 I really enjoyed this set of videos and will continue to collect each season , as long as shotime will put them on the air , but i really do wish they would put bette and tina back together .
 I have every Season so far and although I 'm missing Dana on the show I 'm still really enjoying the show . Look forward to many more Seasons .
 This is one of my favorite shows of all time . I 've been impressed with Amazon 's pricing on popular shows and this show is no exception . Shipping speed was good . I highly recommend this show as this season is complex and the character development is excellent . Looking forward to Season 5 !
 This 4th season of the L Word is so good . I love how the writers brought in hearing impaired persons to the storyline . There are lesbian women out there who are deaf , so it was wonderful to see a new world , and Marlee Matlin and Deanna Bray do a FANTASTIC job . I love their heated argument in `` Little Boy Blue . '' I also love Alice 's new love interest Tasha . The whole cast is wonderful and I ca n't imagine a better lesbian show . :-RRB- Jenny is a monster in this one , though . I always liked Jenny , but not too much this season . All in all , I love this season and I ca n't wait to see what happens in season 5. : -RRB-
 I have watched this season within the space of a week . Though only having received it a week before that . I 'm finding it hard to write this without spoilling the plot or the characters . I suppose the only way to sum it up is `` if you like the L word and it characters '' buy it . Imo you will like it.I wish we had -LRB- I think it it is -RRB- hbo I could see the premier of season 5 in january -LRB- this may be incorrect -RRB- .
 This is without a doubt the best drama series I 've ever seen . The 4th season just keeps the show moving , and leaves you running to find out when the 5th season is coming out . The stories grab you , the characters draw you in , and you keep watching episode after episode b/c you HAVE to know what happens next . And the return of a character in the last episode might leave you in tears .
 season 4 was filled with more drama , more love , more of everything . The only thing lacking was connection between the core characters . Each character 's story lines seemed to be disjointed , compared to other seasons . However , they were delving into some deeper issues . Was a little disappointed that Dana and Carmen were n't mentioned . Seemed to be a big hole.I would recommend it .
 I have been waiting for the release of Season 4 for a long time . Of course , Season 1 was great with the introduction to the series and all its characters . Then came the season dominated by Dana 's passing and then the whole deal with Shane 's wedding . I think after all the heartache with Dana 's passing and the break-up between Shane and Carmen , Season 4 had many funny and lovely highlights and it was a good change from Seasons 2 and 3 . I loved the character Cybill Shepard plays . I think it brought many laughs and it shows the difficult and at the same time exciting coming out of a past middle-aged , married woman pretty realisticly . Then I absolutely fell in love with Jodi . I think it is great that Bette -LRB- another one of my favorite characters -RRB- found a new love ... and yet , the Season Finale leaves the option open that Bette and Tina might get back together ! Who knows !? Something to really look forward to.While I truly despised the character Helena at the beginning when she first starred in `` The L-Word '' , she become one of my favorite characters . I loved what they did to her in Season 4 . It shows that women can be real bitches as well and that they are capable of exploiting another human being as well . Well , not just another human being , but another woman who , on top of that , has the same sexual orientation.One character I do n't like at all is Papi , but I guess since there are such guys and chicks out there who are `` players '' , I guess the character fits in as well into the series.I am also wondering what will become of Tasha . I guess we will know more soon.As I already stated , I think Season 4 was a great Season , even though it was full of almost too many topics -LRB- how to communicate and be with a deaf person - coming-out of a married woman in her fifties - Tina going from woman , to man , back to woman - the whole war issue - players - exploitation - cheating - abortion - and so on , and so forth -RRB- . For Season 5 , I hope that there will be lots of love and not so much heartache !
 After a disappointing third season , I took the risk of purchasing season four and was so pleased I did . Alice has finally got a life - she has evolved as a character in this season . Max is less hard core and for the first time I felt compassion for him . Jenny still drives me tilt - I do n't like the character and would n't miss her if she was n't in season 5 ! Jodi was n't likeable at all - I 'm not sure if that was the plan from the writers but she really irritated . The storyline for Bette and Tina was very well written and brilliantly executed . I look forward to season 5 with relish - when is the release date ? The soundtrack to season 4 was also fantastic and the closing song was very well chosen - Dear Mr President by P!nk . Well done to the writers and actors .
 season 4 of The L word introduced us to alot of new people , for example older women who married had families , and realized that they were just to afraid to be who they really are because their families would look down on them as well as society . They realized also that loving who you love because of who they are is ok , just being strong is the hard part .
 Long time fan and regular viewer of Showtime 's impressive chick drama , `` The L Word '' , it was with a bit of hesitation that I approach season four . Hesitation because often , by season four , these shows have glamorized and glorified so much , that in trying to top themselves from last season , they end up with either unbelievable plots or unrealistic zaniness . This would have been especially true after the stunning season ender of three , when the ladies said goodbye to fan favorite Dana , and dear Shane was literally stood up at the altar . No fear . Season four of the L Word is one of the strongest of the bunch.These are ten solid episodes , each for unique reasons . First , the inclusion of some much needed new characters . Bring in the stunning Cybill Shepherd as newly out professional woman Phyllis Kroll , dealing with divorcing her husband and disgust from her children . Shepherd almost steals the show as she acts like a teenager dealing with her newly found self . Plus , the multi-talented and much underused Marlee Matlin as deaf artist JodI Lerner , a complement to Bette in style and strength . Matlin 's forceful performance is a testament to her skill and style , and a welcome addition to the show.Other new characters add fun to the mix . Papi , who makes Shane seem like Mother Teresa , and military babe Tasha , who finally adds some relationship intrigue with the ever lost Alice , both bring an usual vibe to the show . Especially Tasha , played by beauty Rose Rollins , who takes her job in the army very seriously , despite some post-traumatic stress disorder.Somehow , with the zigzagging of plots , from Bette and Jodi 's butting-heads relationship , to Tina 's fairly predictable return to the nest , to Kit 's falling off the wagon , to Moira becoming Max , to Shane 's new love and new relationship with dumped brother Shay , to ever psychotic Jenny 's trash book , it could have been a giant mess in lesser hands . But Iline Chaikken 's expert handling of her characters and plots make for a solid group of episodes ; stylish , stunning , and smart.Some misfires this season ? Of course . Did n't buy the ending scene with Jenny , sorry ... and I felt like the girls moved on a bit too fast after Dana 's passing . Why would n't she even be mentioned or missed ? Helena 's unusual foray into tournament poker would be a joke if not interesting , and seeing her turned into a bought servant to regain her life was a peach . And Shane 's attempt to talk to Shay 's class about homosexuality was stereotypical and in error -LRB- they needed a teacher to write that scene to make it realistic -RRB- . However , the strength of this show has been and always will be how it examines issues relevant to today 's audience in an authentic way . We are watching someone transition to a male , and all of the issues fraught with the decision . Chaiken talks about her feelings on the Iraq War , and creates conflict by having a lesbian fight in it . She 's not afraid to discuss race issues , physical disability issues , age issues , in a mature , interesting way . And that 's what keeps me tuning into these lovely ladies , as should you.That , and Pam Grier . Gim me Pam any day of the week , and I 'm happy !
 this is a great show and the delivery and handeling by amazon was just fine . I would buy videos from them again for sure .
 I 've spent the past 2 weeks watching seasons 1-4 -LRB- and I 'm totally jonesing waiting for 5 to become available on DVD -RRB- and I almost feel I need to rewatch them all for perspective on the series so far . I have found each episode in each season to be immensely amusing , sometimes very touching , always interesting . I like that the plotlines address all facets and experiences of lesbian life.My only complaint , really , is the out of control overt politicization so pervasive in the fourth season . I 'm aware that most lesbians -LRB- in my experience -RRB- are rabidly and radically -LRB- and oppressively -RRB- Left . But for me , the rare Republican/Libertarian , the completely unrestrained Bush-bashing of season four somewhat took away from the overall quality of the series as a whole.I wonder how these characters , or their real life counterparts , would fare in a country controlled by Wahabi fascists ? If they think the Christian Right has an agenda -LRB- and it does -RRB- for dealing with `` alternative lifestyles '' , that 's nothing compared to the Islamic `` final solution '' . Wake up , Lesbians of America . Remember 9/11 ?
 Loved it , watched to many episodes at once so finished series in a week.When the next series out ???? Little old New Zealand down here and it takes a year and a half to get each new series .
 Very entertaining series . Interesting characters with more twists than a bag of pretzels ! Would recommend beginning with season one , though or it will take awhile to figure out all the soap-opera-style relationships .
 This is a definate must for all L Word fans and is worth the buy as a collectors item . Although not as mind blowing as season one , the characters have evolved and we feel more a part of their lives as ever before . As we view this season , there are plenty of erotic scenes which never lets , heart renching moments and laughs.It is worth every penny spent and I look forward to further seasons .
 L word season 4 is i think the best so far . I was n't a huge fan of series 3 as it did n't seem to gel together that well - but season 4 is phenomenal . the characters really develop in this series - its great . this is the best series so far .
 The L word season 4 was one of the best yet ... It was more upbeat than season 3 That is kinda easy with the couple of big downers that occur in it ...
 I agree with Patricia Huerta -LRB- reviewer below -RRB- that this season is refreshing and much more interesting than the third season . I think Bette 's character is the most developed - I feel I 've come to understand her well -LRB- or much better -RRB-
 I write from France where only 1st and 2nd season are now released on DVD !!! We 're a bit late in fact . And as I 'm a great fan , I ordered the 3rd season and certainly will for the 4th on amazon.com because I ca n't wait !!! Why we love The L word in France ? Because for once , a program dealing with lesbians is not totally full of clich&eacute;s about who we are . Maybe France is not as conservative as USA according to sex , but it 's still something different to many people to be gay and hard to understand.Anyway , I will order the 4th season , watch it with my girlfriend and expect many other seasons of this great program !
 The DVDs work fine the only technical issue I had with this product is that they do not work with some blu-ray systems , more specifically , the blu-rays that are made to connect to Netflix . When I tried playing the discs on the blu-ray the picture would n't show or there would be sound but it was the wrong image , etc. . After troubleshooting the system we realized that it just does n't like playing the L Word season 4 discs .
 This item was everything I expected at a low price . I enjoyed watching this video as soon as it came in .
 I love this show . Any season of L-Word is a must for any true Lesbian . It is so entertaining , funny and inclusive of many different gender benders .
 Bette and Jodi were cute but I just did n't not see this couple lasting . Had some great introduction characters . Wish Shane was not such an idiot sometimes cause loved Shane/Carmen .
 I bought the first 3 seasons at a going out of business sale . I had never seen it before but heard of it . I fell in love with this show so decided to add this to my collection . Love the L word !
 I have the complete seasons of the L word and just ca n't get enough of the cast ... I love it and them ...
 i 'm really happy to bought this season ! : -RRB- It 's pretty amazing and i love it soo much!though i was sad as , that carmen was n't in this season : -LRB- but tasha is soo cool ! : -RRB- you should really watch it ! : Dand if you do n't have enough money , just get a friend to buy it for you :-RRB- -LRB- to your birthday or christmas or eastern or just because you love it as much as me ! -RRB-
 Had a great buying experience with this . It arrived in a timely manner and in the exact condition I was expecting .
 I ordered it early Monday morning and was given an email telling me to expect it sometime on Saturday . I got it three days before , on a Wednesday . I suppose the speed of the delivery depends on where you 're at but that was by far the quickest one I 've ever gotten . I bought it new and got it new . No tricks up their end .
 same thing as i stated with Tsubasa 12 i already reviewed it when i got these two together so i do n't really know why they are asking me to review it again .
 The L-Word is a series about lesbian life in LA. . The characters are well developed and realistic . I find it all a bit too glamorous , but I guess that 's nicer to look at . Also , their world is a bit too focussed on lesbians , men -LRB- even gay -RRB- are rare . But for the rest
 The L Word is one of the best shows that I have seen in recent times . It 's a shame that it only went six seasons . The DVD series is very enjoyable . The story lines are attention grabbing and the humor is catchy . The love story between Bette and Tina is truly romantic .
 I think this season of the L Word was the funniest . Season 3 was sad and it was time for some uplifting stories and for the characters to relax and have fun .
 I find that the 4th season was not as good as the previous ones . I love all the characters but I did not like Shane moving on so quickly with Paige . She seem to be more the person that Carmen wanted but without Carmen .
 The product arrived very quickly and in excellent shape . I have not completely watched all discs , but am very satisfied with my purchase . Fabulous !
 In season four , this series really starts to click . The stories are more substantive , the writing is better , even Jenny is -LRB- slightly -RRB- less annoying . I really liked and miss Dana , but new characters and the growth of Max and Helena really make up for losing her . The best addition is Marlee Maitlan as Jody , a terrific actress anytime , but she shines as the controversial and hot blooded artist who finally makes Bette grow up a little .
 I 've only watched through the third episode , but so far it is better than Season 3 . The gals are still making poor choices , but at least there are interesting character tidbits along the way .
 i love this show , i think it has grown , and developed in ways one would n't expect . Definitely every woman can relate to this storyline regardless of sexual orientation . There were no problems with delivery or packaging , amazon has great history as i have ordered many times before through amazon and have never had any issues .
 I enjoyed watching the DVDs all over again , just as much as when they played on Showtime .
 After the disappointment of season 3 , I was so pleased to see the show pick up in season 4 as the characters deepened , the plot thickened , the cast broadened , and significant LGBT issues came to the forefront . I highly recommend it . And if you can only buy one season of L Word , # 4 is a must !
 I am enjoying the antics of all the `` girls '' this season . I could do without the angst of the denouncement of the war in Iraq . Please entertain me , do not play politics .
 Season 4 is so much better than Season 3 ! The characters are more interesting and it 's not as depressing . I still wish they would 've brought Carmen back , but Papi is a great addition as is Tasha . I hope they both come back in the 5th Season . Marlee Maitlin is very good in her role , but I have a little trouble with Cybil Shephard playing a late blooming lesbian . Somehow , I just ca n't buy into it . Now , if we could only get rid of Jenny ...
 Hello , First off I 'm a straight guy , male , ect ... and will stay that way . I 'll be honest , I 'm a in the military serving in the Middle East . I ordered the first season thinking mostly about the possible sex and nude scenes I would find , as explicit porn is not exactly allowed where I am . I found what I wanted , but what I really did n't expect was how into the show I would get . I really find this show to be one of the best written and intriguing shows that I 've come across . I give the show 5 stars for its evenly mixed comedy , romance , and drama . I also think that this show shines light for acceptance of the gay/lesbian lifestyle and helps others understand that yes homosexual 's are actually people as well . I have already watched the 2nd and 3rd season and have pre-ordered the 4th . I think that this show is awesome and is well worth the money to watch it . I also really enjoyed the beginnings of each episode with a something that happened in the past that directly relates to the episode . Also I love the chart and how it shows how everyone is connected . I 'm a big fan of Jewel and I think it reflects the `` Pieces of You '' song extremely well ; and how your actions can affect the people around you . Again awesome show and I would recommend it to anyone from all walks of life .
 I have to address Jabber 's comments above . I feel sad for you . It 's this kind of uneducated close minded thinking that makes the world a little bit darker . Your mean spirited stereotypical comments only serve to try to make yourself feel better at the expense of people you do n't even know . Your bigotry will likely add pain to other 's lives as you perpetuate prejudice , discrimination & intolerance . That 's not a legacy to be proud of . In the end it 's you that I feel sorry for.That being said here 's what you really might want to know
 I just got done watching the first episode of season 4 off the Unbox Video Downloads and I 'm definitely hooked already ... great storyline so far and as a person who saw seasons 1-3 on DVD during my deployment I would stay up late just to get to the end , and I think I may just be downloading the rest of the episodes before this season comes out on DVD , I 'm that impatient!It truly is a great series , despite the glamorous and beautiful people with glamorous and beautiful jobs ... it 's just fun to watch and do a little wishful thinking ... even as a straight person I was so fascinated and intrigued , I absolutely love this series . I have nothing but positive things to say , and I may not be knowledgeable about the lesbian community to have my own facts 100 % valid , but I thought this was great exposure for someone like myself who never knew a thing about it , and it 's just beautiful . Although I admit , I do miss Dana , but bringing back Marina was a definite surprise !
 Being a UK viewer of this hot potato made it extremely frustrating to find out that Living TV ran this season wihout any warning at all so I missed it but all hope was not lost and Amazon came to my rescue!I 'm on Disc three of the 5 Disc boxset and ladies it does n't dissapoint . This programme just seems to get better and better with each season.The new additions to the cast , JANINA GAVANKAR / EVA ` PAPI ' TORRES , set to give Shane a run for her money as the new lethario in town turning even the straightest of heads ! , MARLEE MATLIN / JODI LERNER , Bette 's new love interest is making her own mark on our beloved Artist with some heart wrenching storylines.ROSE ROLLINS / TASHA , This mean and moody character I think will come into her own next season but I applaud the writers for introducing a character like Tash that deals with our girls in the Armed forces.CYBILL SHEPHERD / PHYLLIS KROLL , I was a little skeptical when I heard she was joing the cast this year but her character really works and is very entertaining , it also deals with coming out in the later years , which is good for us older lasses!This Seasson sees many changes to the characters we already know and love.Look out for the sexy DANIELA SEA / MAX SWEENEY storyline . I was n't sure about Max last year and was finding it hard to connect with him but this season has seen me doing a complete Uturn and looking forward to seeing how this character will develop further.KATHERINE MOENNIG / SHANE has not had the best of luck of late and we do feel sorry for her even though she 's brought a lot on herself but this season we see a new side of Shane with a storyline that rips your heart out and stamps all over it . . MIA KIRSHNER / JENNY SCHECTER - possibly the most ambiguous character on set , one minute you love her next minute you hate her . . this season is no different but is Jenny about to get a taste of her own medicine?LEISHA HAILEY / ALICE PIESZECKI - Lovable rogue Alice who seems to plod from one disastrous relationship to another gets an unlikley love interest this season that is set to question everything she believes in and we like where it 's going.RACHEL SHELLEY / HELENA PEABODY - I like what they 've done with her character this time around and if you hated her last season you 'll love her this year!LAUREL HOLLOMAN / TINA KENNARD - Season 4 leads us to where we knew it always would , the question on everyones lips is will they get back together or wo n't they?PAM GRIER / KIT PORTER - The Kitty cat is taking a walk on the wild side with some shocking revelations and descent into madness.and finally . . the delectable JENNIFER BEALS / BETTE PORTER - This stubborn pig headed control freak is having as equally confusing time as Shane this season , from flirtations students to ex partners and deaf lovers Bette 's getting them all this year!Season 4 of the L Word is explosive , heartwarming , knee trembling sensationalism and I ca n't wait to see the rest of the boxset!Fantastic whether you be straight or a little bit twisted ; -RRB-
 The title says it itself . Jennifer Schecter -LSB- Mia Kirshner -RSB- is the most pivotal character on `` The L Word '' . The end .
 Yes , ironically , this TV series , with a deaf lead , actually does not have subtitles for the hearing impaired.The show is great , but this unbelievable oversight shows a pitiful lack of sensitivity -LRB- as well as common decency -RRB- on the part of the producers .
 We 've bought all the seasons , and pre-bought upcoming seasons as soon as they were announced . It 's great to have the extra features available on the DVD , be able to choose which episodes to watch or re-watch , and invite friends over to watch with us . Though we do n't relate to the extremes the characters portray -- excess , beauty , lots and lots of sex with many partners , and what seems like a trademark of the show
 After viewing season three i really thought the L Word may have jumped the shark . I am pleased to say after viewing the entire new season 4 collection that the writing made a major come back and i will be waiting in anticipation for season 5 for the next year.The additional characters and story lines added to the show this year were much more real and thoughtful . My hope is that the regulars all return next season and the writers to not allow Jenny to take over the year with any more bizarre epidsodes that continue to make me want to cringe.I think this was one of the best seasons of the L Word period and highly suggest any doubters give it a look . The girls all looked great this year !
 Buy every season except the last one . It is crap and slaps you in the face for having followed these characters for five years .
 The L Word is quite disrespectful to transgendEred.There are always little jokes that Jenny makes about Max -LRB- Gender identity is fluid and not important as much as living a good life . . noble . . -RRB- which are supposed to be funny.Daniela Sea is possibly the most feminine , high pitched voiced woman in the world and to see her play transgendered female into male -LRB- Let 's get a sexy butch to play him . . -RRB- Max is kind of funny.But the jokes are n't .
 Awesome series ! Love love love this season ! I could watch it a million more times !
 The 4th season is a good season to watch . Eva in Seattle
 The product was as expected . However , the service from Amazon exceded my expectations , the price was by far the best competitive and cheapest price , the response quick and the delivery was as stated to me . I will definately concider using Amazon again and will be recommending it to all my friends . Thank you .
 What I 've always loved about The L Word since Season One is it 's lack of fear to deliver reality into fictional drama . What we see in this show is what really happen in the lives of gay , lesbian , straight , bisexual and transgender communities all over the world . It 's gritty , it 's sexy , it 's hardcore and above all it 's SCANDALOUS !! The L Word Season 4 delivers interesting plotlines for existing characters and new characters alike , some good , some bad and some indifferent - depending who you ask . As an avid drama fan , I have to say that out of every show I have ever watched - and I mean EVER - I have taken to the dimensions of Shane the most . And this year I was not disappointed by her development . Last year ended difficult for her , but Shane fans - this seasons for you !! Not only does she recover from having to make a distressing decision , and dealing with her father 's deception , Shane finds herself falling back into old ways with a fab season four cameo for Cheri Jaffe . Then life falls on it 's head when she 's suddenly a single parent in WeHo with expenses . Shane shines this year guys - Kate Moeenig deserves an Emmy for her portrayal of a REAL person.After saying a tearful goodbye to Dana , it 's been nice to see Alice come on strides , using the new characters of Papi and Tasha as her catalysts , and of course Bette and Tina fans - you may have to hang tight for resolve , but I suggest you come along for the ride . Helena also dabbles beyond her own comfort zone of riches with some interesting storylines , and to be honest the only annoying character - yet comical - is Jenny . But she is an artists or a writers dream - agonising yet fabulous . Max really impressed me this year after leaving it a little flat at the end of the last season - all credit to the actress . And who can forget to mention the inclusion of the fabulous Cybill Shephard who is AMAZING in this role and I can not wait to see more of her in further seasons.Overall - A perfect show that gets better every year . Just when you think the writers can do no more . Certainly the sexiest and most scandalous season so far - with Papi doing her best to test the reaches of Our Chart ... but I just love how Shane could even care less .
 The introduction of new characters is a boost . Acting remains first class , and the plot is very believable .
 The 4th Season of the L Word was delivered on time and with no flaws .
 If you love good drama , then you 'll love all four seasons of The L Word seasons
 I have watched and own the past 3 seasons of ` The L Word ' and have preordered the 4th season . I intend to order every season after this , as well . It 's historical . Even though , ` The L Word ' is not butch/femme , femme/boi , stone butch , soft butch -LRB- ETC. -RRB- inclusive with the 501 's and white t-shirts , it still is lesbian exposure ... from the U.S. , no less ! In my opinion , ANY exposure is better than no exposure . We have a major network willing to deal with the subject of lesbianism . That , in itself , is a MAJOR deal considering the U.S. is sooooo narrow minded when it comes to the subject of sexuality . This is a step further . Every tiny step , eventually , will amount to lots of progress down the road . Probably , I wo n't see the inclusion of the much varied lesbian community on any network ; however , this should not stop us from continuing to pave the path for the preteen lesbians out there who are desperately seeking ANY lesbian role models . The L Word is an asset to our community.Sept . 18 , 07I did n't mention this before , but ` The L Word ' has been a great show to watch . I 've thoroughly enjoyed each and every episode of each season . I would have loved to have been able to watch a show like this when I was 13 ! JULY 28 , 2008Well , it was fun while it lasted ! I have pre-ordered the 6th and final season of ` The L Word ' . I truly believe in my comments and convictions which I had written last year . This series has had a fantastic run , and I 'm very sad to see it ` go ' . However , it is a very good ` start ' for television media corporate executives to see . This series has done very well , and this just goes to show what mainstream audiences wish to view -LRB- at times -RRB- . We all know that the majority of people in society -LRB- s -RRB- have very varied sexual lives . Straight and married have , since the beginning of time , NOT been the norm . All you have to do is google ` historical sexual lives of _______ , and you will find so much information that you will not be able to read it all . Or , google something similar . Just change your words around a bit . I hope we see more series like or similar to ` The L Word ' in the very near future .
 Although the film steals its opening sequence footage from Backdraft , it is still a fun way to kill a couple of hours . Stephen Baldwin is likeable in the lead role and Sheridan looks great as usual . Not as bad as most say .
 I bought this because I am a Jerry Doyle fan . He plays a bad guy in this `` treasure , treasure , who 's got the treasure '' action pic . Worth a view .
 I happened to pick this movie up the other day at the foreign movie section of my local public library here in Blue Ash , OH . I really did n't know anything about this movie , but looked at the box and was intruiged . Am I glad I picked this up ! `` Kissed By Winter '' -LRB- 80 min. ; originally released in 2008 in Norway -RRB- brings several concurrent story lines
 ... and this is a Norwegian film with all the `` sorg '' any appreciator of dark films could ask for . The darkness is all framed by the whiteness of a Norwegian winter , so that one is compelled to wonder whether Winter is n't the protagonist . The snowplow driver Kai , who becomes both the murder suspect and the lover in this film , says jokingly `` Gud er en god fyr -- God is a good guy '' , but Victoria , the Oslo doctor who has fled to the back country of Norway to escape her ` sorg ' and ` skyldflelse ' -LRB- guilt -RRB- , thinks otherwise . `` God is simply mean , '' she says , though what she really thinks is that Life is mean . This is , on some level , a film about being Norwegian -LRB- or Swedish -RRB- and therefore kissed by ` sorg ' and ` skyldflelse ' . Are ` bleak and ` beautiful ' compatible adjectives ? They 'd better be , if you want to appreciate this film.Victoria is played by Annika Hallin , whose face is wonderfully bleak and beautiful . It 's the acting that makes this movie poignant . Kristoffer Joner , in the role of Kai , is beautifully boyish and bleakly needy - a man whose wife has deserted him in the back country and taken his daughter to the city . The cinematography is beautiful ; well of course ! it 's a Scandinavian flick , though neither as introverted nor as subtle as a classic Ingmar Bergman drama of bleak passion . Indeed , the whole film is well crafted , edited , acted , scripted . It falls short of five-star artistry only in one odd implausibility . The doctor mother fails to detect her son 's leukemia ; she misreads his lethargy as a moral weakness , a failure of energy for life . She drags him from his TV and his couch , with tragic results . Yeah yeah , it 's in the script , it 's the motivation for her flight to the snowfields , but I did n't ` buy ' it and neither did my wife when we watched it together.There 's also a sub plot . The young man who is found frozen in the snow , whose death is blamed on Kai , is a Muslim refugee , living with his parents in a camp for refugees . The portrayals of the his Muslim parents is credible and not unsympathetic . The Norwegians of the countryside are likewise not unsympathetic -- bleakly generous , you might say -- but it 's quite obvious that the refugees have no actuality for them . They are not people of the winter whiteness . Despite the recent anti-Muslim terrorist murder spree in Norway , this depiction of the bleak reserve between Norwegians -LRB- and Swedes -RRB- -- the dutiful tolerance on one side and the grudging dependence on the other -- seems to me to be precisely realistic .
 I loved this film!No other AMAZON customers have `` reviewed '' this film . So , this is my wholehearted endorsement of this gem - to hopefully draw attention to the pleasures this film offers.The Scandinavian setting was a definite attraction . The plot is unique and interesting . However , the lead actress is what makes the film . The film is otherwise well-cast , with cast members who are refreshingly new . Indeed , the entire film is refreshing - as being NON-Hollywood . The lead actress 's performance is fascinating , captivating . I was spellbound by her . This actress 's expressions often seemed so stern and inscrutable , yet she has a smile that could melt the North Pole.I discovered this film by accident , in an idle moment , when I searched AMAZON.com for Scandinavian films of interest . This film seemed problematical , but was recommended , so I purchased it on a lark . I hit the jackpot . I have viewed this film several times already , and expect to view it again from time to time .
 This is one of many Scandinavian films that I 've purchased in the last few months . As with almost all of them , this movie is built on a strong , interesting and provocative screenplay . Also , so many of the Scandinavian film actors are exceptional without being over the top . They occur in the movie as real people that the average movie viewer could imagine in their lives . It is also a great way to learn a bit out the current social concerns in Sweden regarding immigrants .
 I was hesitant to watch this film , the setting seemed so dreary . But , I loved it ! It is magical , romantic , great acting , deep script , suspenseful ... pretty much all one might want for a quiet thoughtful suspense drama .
 Hauntingly beautiful Swedish film about loss has me hoping to share this DVD with my students soon.After seeing this , I realized how many of my favorite films such as `` A Handful of Dust '' concern loss .
 I saw this movie in 2007 , as a youthful and budding writer . It had the most lasting effect on me that any film has ever had . It was on Starz . I quickly came to Amazon only to discover it was n't available . I searched the web only to discover it was n't anywhere . I saw the movie a second time , this time , I only missed twenty minutes of the beginning , and I put in a tape . I watched the tape a few times in the next six months and then missed it on television when the opportunity arised to watch it . I swore that I would catch it the next time . Now that it is available on Amazon to purchase , this top notch Indie film , that is a bit rough around the edges , is worth the money.The movie goes around a college professor now in his thirties who gets word that his mentor has passed away . As he goes to the funeral we get flashbacks to this mentorship . Including his seduction of the young woman his mentor had seduced before him . The film has a few pacing issues , as many films that use flashbacks to tell the story do . But this film was to me one of the most interesting and unique films I had had the privilege of watching . I say privilege , because I always considered it an amazing coincidence that I would run upon this film on the rare occasion that it would play on the Starz network.The movie has great acting from all the cast and a strong script . At times the story can be a bit cluttered , which is why , even though after two years of having not even seen this film , I can still remember lines from it , and yet I give it four stars . I do n't know how others will react to it . I do know this is a good movie and worth the watch , if not the purchase . At worst , I say , get it used . I do n't think you 'll regret it .
 This is a delightful movie , of course for the whole family . The singing , music and dance are all here plus the romance puts a delight next to Artie Shaw Band music . Paulette Goddard is sure sweet to watch and does a good dance w / great Fred Astaire . Burgess Meredith makes a great ` partner ' . The main reason I did not give it a five star is a personal preference - I am not too fond of folks ` doing the dirty trick behind one 's back ' which The two main guys do all thru the show . It does give for some good laughs/chuckles -LRB- I just do n't like anyone doing that in life , movie script or no ! -RRB- Yet as stated , gives comedy and it is the script for the story . Paulette takes it in good humor until it starts messing up her life , also . They all work together for a good purpose and bring it all to the good in the end ! Enjoy ! Even the guys should like this one , mainly because of the humorous side of the ` pranks ' !
 Starblazers brings back childhood fun and adventure for me . My friends and I would rush home from school to see the next episode . Now with instant video I can watch anywhere l go . Well done amazon .
 Started watching Star Blazers as a kid in the 80 's and been a fan ever since . These are must owns for any fan , great quality streaming on our Kindle Fire . Brings back great memories .
 I 've been looking for this first season for many years at various video shops to no avail . I purchased it and am not disappointed . Watched the first 90 minute episode with my eldest son of 12 to give him an idea what I rave about when I mention this show . Thanks again for making this series available for purchase .
 It was a pleasure to see this series again . Even though I watched it as a kid it makes so much more sense now watching it as an adult . Video seemed a little grainy but that was probably good quality for that time . Stream lagged a little once in a while but was n't too bad . Recommend it to people who watched it as a child and think today 's teenagers might enjoy it too although they might find it a bit cheesy compared to modern day television and.movies .
 These hand drawn Japanese cartoons are the best ! They look old because they are ! If you are a fan of anime this series is what gave the US its first taste . The writing is incredible the only downside is it is n't the subtitle version . Watching `` space battleship yamato '' somehow is more effective when it is in japanese . I watch this on a 47 '' 240hz tv in full screen and in no way is it unwatchable by any means . Get it watch it enjoy it !!
 I loved this show when I was a kid and I was happy to see it here again . The season price is a good deal . However , I did take one star off because the quality of the transfer is not great . The plot of Star Blazers is intricate and full of risk . Characters actual die on this show . It is more on a level with other sci-fi tv shows and not with other cartoons . Best for adults and older children .
 In the late 1970s , this futuristic sci-fi show used to send the kids out to school with the words of its majestic anthem
 This move rules !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ordinarily , for me , cartoons are too high pitched , too inane , too violent and too - well , Disney . This one is refreshingly different . If you do n't mind constant attacks on your willing suspension of disbelief , then you 're in for a treat . It 's not just a kids cartoon . There 's adult wit and good music along with some crossings of the fourth wall . There 's an action adventure parody embedded that breaks up what might otherwise become a tedious plot line -LRB- the boys invent something , their sister tries to bust them , they avoid getting busted , mom makes snacks -RRB- . No spoilers here
 My wife and I do n't even have any kids yet and we watch this show all the time . It is really clever and funny and has become one of our favorite shows .
 As a mom I think it is a great cartoon for all ages even MOMS !! It 's fun and holds your attention and that poor Candice !! : -RRB-
 P & F keeps my 6 year old daughter & 8 year old son entertained for hours ! I have n't personally watched the episodes , but they watch them over and over again !
 My son and all his friends just love Phineas and Ferb but mostly Agent P. It 's a great cartoon for kids .
 Show kids how to use their imagination . Very funny side plots with perry the platapus as he saves the day and Phineas and Ferb do their thing .
 my 5 and 7 yr old love this . Each adventure is wacky , in a fun and defying-reality sort of way . e.g. Let 's build a monster truck rally stadium in the backyard so our sister can practice driving to get her license . They build it , and it simply exists without consideration of where the neighbors ' houses are . It just is.The boys ' pet Perry the platypus , a.k.a. Agent P , seeks each week to find and derail Dr. Dufenschmertz 's evil plan to take over the tri-state area . Perry is some bizarre Picasso-esque teal platypus ; Agent P is a teal anthropomorphized fedora-wearing platypus . -LSB- That was my 5 yr old 's halloween costume last year . -RSB- It 's NOT
 Do n't skip P&F just because it 's animated . This is one of the best written cartoons out there ! Great laughs for all ages - especially the parents that get ALL the jokes !
 Our family does not watch much TV and we 're very selective about what our kids watch . While it 's not an educational show , it 's about 2 brothers using their imagination and ingenuity to create something totally awesome in each episode . Us grownups find ourselves watching it with our kids more times than not because it 's so entertaining ! There 's lots of adult humor to make it fun to watch for the whole family . Highly recommend !
 Phineas & Ferb is one of the only shows that all 3 of my kids can agree on . And I enjoy it as well .
 This is a great show but what 's going on with the ridiculous pricing for these seasons ? The HD versions are insanely overpriced . $ 90 for one season ?
 This is one of my favorite episodes of Phineas and Ferb ! It 's one of the double-length episodes , a full 23 minutes.Phineas decides to build a haunted house to scare away his friend Isabella 's hiccups . We get to see exactly what some of their friends consider the ` scariest ' . My favorite is Baljeet 's ; a nod toward how even grade-schoolers recognize how important college has become these days . Isabella , who has a huge crush on Phineas , is overjoyed at the thought of having a whole day of `` undivided attention from Phineas '' . Their pet platypus , Perry -LRB- AKA Secret Agent P. -RRB- goes off to fight his nemesis , evil Dr. Doofenschmirtz . A cool/funny extended version of his theme song plays here , including a line that always cracks me up
 Phineas and Ferb is one of the best series of all time ! It is very interesting , and somewhat educational as they reference a lot of different subjects . While they may sometimes take liberties with facts as all shows do , there is usually a good kernel of knowledge to learn . There have been times when taking tests that knowledge of Phineas and Ferb has helped me know or remember the correct answer . The boys are very good role models for children , and for adults as well . While the boys may do some things that could be dangerous if imitated , they are usually so extraordinary that they could not be repeated easily . If your child is smart enough to imitate Phineas and Ferb , you should probably let them have at it . This is appropriate and wonderful for people of all ages . The writers like to sneak in references for the parents , as well as humor for the whole family . I always tell all of my friends that if they have n't seen Phineas and Ferb , they should ! If they have seen Phineas and Ferb , they always agree . I have never met anyone , of any age , who has seen this show and not liked it .
 I will cheerfully admit to being a childless adult that enjoys this show . Kids ca n't appreciate so much of what makes this show funny . The songs are great and so are the characters . I can not recommend this show enough . It is truly creative and deserving of your time .
 My granddaughter has fallen in love with Perry . She and her brothers have watched season 1 over and over . Even grandmother does n't mind this cartoon . It 's a hit .
 The voice of Phineas is different than in later episodes . Interesting.It was so fun seeing the start of all of the quirks and catch phrases .
 If I was going to review this film based solely on the DVD Cover or Trailer -LRB- Who in their Right Mind would do THAT ?! -RRB- , I would probably have dismissed this one as another Boys-N-Briefs flick with nothing to distinguish it from the others besides the Exceptionally Beautiful Cast.However , I Did watch the movie -LRB- twice -RRB- and I am So Pleased that these 1313 movies are finally trying to be something more than mere Eye Candy by adding actual Characters played by actors that can actually act . Or are they Models that can actually act ? Or are they Models that ca n't really act at all ? Or are they all of the above?The idea of casting actors for their looks -LRB- or Personal Wealth like Paris Hilton or Madonna -RRB- as opposed to actual Talent is a common one , and certainly not unfamiliar to Director David DeCoteau , who has found and cast many of todays Rising Stars while at the same time giving Models their first break in films as Actors ; so it might come as a bit of a suprise that most of the cast is made up of actual actors.Like in 1313 : Wicked Stepbrother , Michelle Bauer -LRB- Nightmare Sisters -RRB- Owns every scene she is in , and has strong support from Chase Bennett and Skyler Hart who are definetly Rising Stars!Over the next few months the 1313 Series continues with Boy Crazies , Cougar Cult and Bigfoot Island and I for one ca n't wait !
 `` End of the Line '' is a well researched , beautifully filmed and produced documentary that is clearly done with passion for marine wildlife . The film is both hopeful - in that there are actions humans can do to before it 's too late - and dark - as it goes through the details and research of what the human species is doing to marine wildlfe with its greed-based overfishing . Full of interesting interviews and spectacular film footage , the film is a must see .
 very imformative.Makes one realize just how close we are to disaster . I have to type nine more words , oh my !
 Sheds light on how the marine life is affected by the fishing industry and politics and shows ways to improve .
 This documentary film documents what most of us who have followed the decline in the ocean 's stocks of commercially desirable fish for decades already knew , but the footage is dramatic , and drives the message home . What it fails to mention is that the skyrocketing human population , a politically toxic subject everywhere , is the root cause of this and all other environmental -LRB- in addition to most other -RRB- problems , and until we solve this , and right now it seems it is unsafe even to discuss it , fish stocks along with all other natural resources will continue to decline . You can quote me !
 MUST SEE ASAP !!! FIVE STARS !!! If you have children or ever want to , I would order this movie immediately . It is a superb documentary that is very entertaining , but also educational . You will not believe what you see , hear , and learn.After that , you should also see the movie ` Shark Water ` Both amazing with a consistent message , which is that we need to get the word out there , get people educated , and wake-up now ! Our oceans are being totally destroyed by the commercial fishing industry , and a few other nefarious groups.Time is NOT on our side here . Great great film that will change many aspect of your life , I guarantee it.Donate now to Oceana and Sea Shepherd , if you feel compelled.We are destroying everything that is beautiful about this planet , from the Black Rhino in Africa , to the Blue Shark in the Pacific . We must put a stop to this . Write your local rep , and fund these great organizations.The End of the Line
 After watching this movie i had become greatly more aware of the state of world fisheries . Extremely informational and and well narrated . In my opinion there should be screenings of this movie in every classroom across the world .
 i really enjoyed watching this documentary . i even used the 7 day rental feature on amazon to watch it several times at a low price . perfect ! i rented it for a paper i was writing , i was comparing my own research to another source -LRB- what the professor asked us to do -RRB- . it was extremely informing and interesting as well . several times i realized that my mouth was wide open from my jaw dropping . I also love Ted Danson ... . and LOVE that he narrated this . this is a great way to spend your time !
 Being an avid recreational fisherman myself , it was shocking to see the issues with marine ecosystems and how commercial fishing and overfishing are destroying the future of our fish . It is an absolutely well done and very informative documentary .
 This was an amazing , eye opening movie about the state of the world 's oceans and ocean wildlife . I 'm not a consumer of fish -LRB- though I do eat shellfish infrequently -RRB- , but you feel so powerless while watching this movie show you how business and greed is clearing out the oceans.Maybe it 's too late for many of the species mentioned , but if more people can be aware about the state of the world 's ocean wildlife , maybe that can be the start of change . This is probably a movie you 'll only watch once , but it 's definitely a good watch .
 This documentary uncovers the overfishing of fish populations in the oceans and lakes around the world . This is very well narrated and is a compelling story for conservation . I would recommend this film to add to your collection and to expand your knowledge of what is being uncovered
 To your stomach . Although after seeing this movie , you might not want to eat seafood ever again!This superb `` docu-drama `` The End of the Linediscusses how global demand for fish has led to unsustainable overfishing . The documentary follows Charles Clover , author ofThe End of the Line
 It 's ironic that within a couple of weeks of this film being released to DVD , the world 's leaders decided to do nothing to protect Bluefin tuna . Delegates to the Convention on International Trade of Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora succumbed to lobbying from Japan , a nation that in devouring 4/5 of the world 's Bluefin creates a lucrative and addictive market for developing nations to provide fish flesh for Japanese consumers.The End of the Line is not a film specifically about Bluefin , but about modern fishing and the decline of sea stocks . This is noCove . There is no late night skulking , no high tech gadgetry , no villainous fishermen , no tension , no pathos . It 's more likeFood , Inc.for the seafood industry , a rather conservatively shot documentary with some lovely ocean photography , a few graphs showing depressing and repetitive declines in populations of some of the world 's more commonly consumed fish , and lots of talking heads , most notably The Daily Telegraph 's environmental reporter Charles Clover , Professor Jeffrey Hutchings -LRB- Dalhousie University -RRB- , Dr Boris Worm -LRB- Dalhousie University -RRB- , Professor Daniel Pauly -LRB- University of British Columbia -RRB- and Prof Yvonne Sadovy -LRB- University of Hong Kong -RRB- . There 's a sequence with a former Bluefin fisherman that looks like it might offer a taste of drama . His life is now one of loitering in hotel rooms near wharves photographing fishing ships or following them about on the oceans hoping to document how some countries get around fishing quotas . He ends up in a hotel in Tokyo chatting with someone on his mobile and we never hear from him again , nor about anything he may have uncovered.Perhaps the most telling scene is reporter Clover 's telephone interview with a Managing Partner of Nobu 's , one of the world 's premiere Japanese restaurants and sellers of Bluefin at retail locations in North America , Europe , the Middle East and Asia . Cornered on film about serving a species that is predicted to disappear within the next half decade , Managing Partner Richie Notar boasts that he 's now prepared to identify Bluefin on Nobu menus as an endangered species . When Clover presses Notar on whether he thinks this will make any difference in consumer demand , Notar compares selling Bluefin to selling tobacco . The consumer , he says , has to take some responsibility.And presumably until the consumer does , Nobu is going to take it 's cut . And so will everyone else down the line until one day it 's all gone and there 's no cut left to take.This is not a hugely entertaining film , but it is informative . Watching it just might change the way you eat . #
 This is a great documentary and every person should see it . Fish stocks in the ocean are at dangerously low levels , with many species very close to extinction . This film tells you exactly what has happened , how come we did n't know about this before and what we need to do about it , quickly . The solution is a simple one and they have 3 suggestions . One involves being conscious about your choice of fish , how to eat sustainable fish stocks . For example eating farmed fish is not such a good idea because they are not produced sustainably , it takes 5kg of little fish to produce 1kg of salmon . Better to eat the small fish ourselves . In any case the larger fish are at such dangerously low levels they may never recover . Many governments are not monitoring or policing their fishing industries properly and the Japanese are raping the ocean and freezing what bluefin tuna are left so they can get more money for them later , when the supply dries up which will be soon . Asian supermarkets are absolutely nuts . Live fish crowded in tanks everywhere , if people do n't buy them they just die . So its very selfish to eat sashimi now , or tuna . Or order endangered species from the menu of posh restaurants . If you want to know which fish are sustainable and preferable to eat go to -LRB- ... -RRB- or -LRB- ... -RRB- . The ocean belongs to all of is but a few big greedies , as usual , are exploiting it and making billions , leaving us with nothing for the future . The whole balance in the ocean is being compromised by this . Stop eating the wrong fish . See the film and join the campaign.Another good film about turtles is `` Chances of the World Changing '' .
 There was so much cod in Canada it was said you could walk on its back . Overfishing led to its extinction . More than 40.000 fishermen lost their jobs . Despite the moratorium imposed in 1992 the cod is n't coming back . Extinguishing a species is an * irreversible process * . In general , the global sea catch peaked in 1988 . Industrial fishing methods will produce the collapse of all fisheries by 2048 , following scientists interviewed in this documentary.Apart from the extinction of the cod in Canada , other examples of the signs on the wall will be shown . If you also want to see how those huge amounts of tuna are caught , 150 tons of them each time the nets are hauled , check it out on the DVDWild Pacific . The tuna in the Atlantic is nearly extinct and the fishing fleets are now driving tuna to extinction in the Pacific.We are definitively living the age of stupid -LRB- Age of Stupid -LRB- 2pc -RRB- -RRB- . Fishermen are aware of the dwindling fish populations , but wo n't accept their guilt . Fishermen all over the world blame * other species * for the collapse of the fisheries . Each year , Japan kills 1.000 whales -LRB- Whale Wars
 Unlike many films which outline the exploitation of natural resources , End of the Line includes proactive suggestions on what we as consumers can do to stop the hemorraghing of the oceans . A must see .
 Should be shown to all students and teachers/educators to heighten the awareness of your fish consumption.IF the consumer ceases to purchase endangered/threatenedspecies , what will happen to wholesale prices?Is it too late ? My copy is being loaned out to a commercial tuna fisherman who is aware of laws & restrictions ; , but who 's policing our seas to enforce laws thatregulate fishing quotas?I have taken a stance . I no longer eat bluefin tuna -LRB- among other endangered fish -RRB- that is commercially caught.Kudos to AK who 's practices sustainable fishing ... a working example that it can and does work.Drift nets and other non-selective methods of fishing need to be outlawed.BYCATCH is one of the most ineffective ways to fish ... Please watch and support sustainable fishing ...
 I have n't started reading the book , The End of the Line
 This is a very good documentary . It clearly show that today 's fishing practices are unsustainable and need to change or there will be no fish left . It does a good job of exposing problems without vilifying the people involved . It also does a good job of not only pointing out the problems , but also of suggesting some solutions to those problems . The fishing industry is clearly lacking sensible regulations and ways to enforce their regulations . In the end it really comes down to us as the consumers , if we are n't part of the solution we are part of the problem .
 This is a very informative documentary . Any environmentalist should watch it and even those who are not environmentalists should watch it as it literally affects anyone who likes to consume fish ... as there soon wo n't be any ! The documentary is well done as a presentation as well . It keeps your attention and interest .
 I lived on a cruising sailboat for years , but have almost completely dropped fish from my menu . This excellent documentary chronicles the decline of our global fisheries caused by greed and massive overfishing . It 's one of the great unsung problems of our time and this documentary is an important film worth sharing with everyone you know . Though dark by necessity , the film closes on a positive note , offering win/win solutions and simple , positive actions we can take to make a difference before fisheries collapse altogether by 2048 .
 I do n't understand why everyone was so confused by this film . I watched it beginning to end and was definately not staring at the screen dumbfounded . If you watched it and you got up a couple times to go to the bathroom or get something to eat and did n't pause it , then yeah , i can see where you might have missed a point somewhere . If you watched it all beginning to end and you did n't get it ... you 're not very bright . Now do n't get me wrong . The movie definately has some aspects i did n't necessarily enjoy . Alicia Silverstone 's character aggravates the crap out of me . If you hav n't seen it yet and want to be surprised then do n't read this because i 'm about to ruin everything for you . Basically its 2 reclusive sisters living in a mansion alone . They had a strange upbringing by a crazy alchemist father . Assuming their parent 's are dead , they 've been left alone and have never really been apart of the real world so they have both remained incredibly childlike , often flashing back to themselves as children . They were taught about telepathy and mind powers from a young age by their father and seem to be able to communicate with each other that way . As adults they come up with a plan to find a man to impregnate one of them . they find Luke -LRB- joe anderson -RRB- in a bar and bring him home but the plan starts to backfire when Violet -LRB- silverstone -RRB- falls for him . Her sister , Grace , becomes jealous , feeling like Luke is stealing Violet from her so she seduces Luke to prove he 's not that great . Anyway , at some point toward the end Luke starts to fight with Grace while Violet is away and he knocks over a candle into a bunch of oil paints causing a fire . Something explodes and flames engulf Luke , killing him . Earlier in the movie Violet finds she is pregnant but after Luke dies she has a miscarriage in the bath . but then you see a pregnant belly on Grace at the end as a result of her seduction . So at the end , Grace ended up getting the baby instead of Violet and it looks like Violet finally decides to leave home . Luke appears briefly in the passenger seat next to her , i think to show that having met him and with him in her thoughts she now has the courage to leave home and be apart of the world which is what he 'd been begging her to do . But her character bothers me because she is the more childish of the 2 . Grace is smarter and a bit more selfish and conniving . She is crazy and haunted by their father . Violet is a ditzy and naive in a way that I 'm guessing is supposed to be charming but instead is just irritating . She too is haunted by their father but is n't crazy . So there you have it . I rather liked the movie , but I can see where others might not have . The movie is mostly just artsy I think .
 All these bad reviews ... I was absolutely spell-bound by this film ! I loved it ! I will admit that there were questions not answered but that was kind of the point.All three actors , Alicia , Sienna , and Joe were brilliant . Their characters intertwine in this beautiful way though the personalities are so different.Alicia Silverstone is Violet , who is almost child-like in her perception of things . She falls in love with a guy very different from her and her love for him slowly causes a riff between herself and her sister.Sienna Guillory , who plays Grace , is devious , tortured , and I 'm pretty sure insane . She seems to be haunted by their past a lot more than Violet . Why ? I do n't know . The scenes of her by herself are beautifully acted . Her character is very deeply developed and her plans about `` Luke '' go far beyond Violet 's causing all kinds of things.Joe Anderson plays Luke ; the trapped male . He 's an `` I do n't - give-a-damn-about-anything '' type of character to begin . But as his attraction to Violet grows , his heart opens up to her and they share what I believe to be a very beautiful love.The costumes are amazing ! Beautiful and very fitting to the tone of the film . I loved everything about this movie and ca n't wait to watch it again !
 An occult-magic undercurrent runs through this entire movie.Beautifully made ! Gorgeous colors and costumes caught my eye . Went back later to watch from the beginning and fell in love with the entire movie!Perfectly cast and wonderful performances by all . A definate must see ! Especially to watch the sisters learn their craft while young -LRB- via flash-backs -RRB- , and then use their ` magic ' during the movie .
 I caught the last 30 minutes of `` Silence Becomes You '' on cable and was intrigued enough to order the DVD . The DVD would have benefited from a director 's commentary as the film is annoyingly vague at times -LRB- even to me -RRB- and I imagine that most viewers would welcome some clarification.My favorable first impression was probably a combination of the great production design , the excellent acting for the camera direction , and the understated yet inventive editing . It was filmed in Lithuania in HD video -LRB- said to be the first feature film with 100 % digital cinematography -RRB- , a technique that allowed the production staff to see each days rushes immediately so they could make timely rewrite and re-shoot decisions . `` Silence Becomes You '' was written and directed by Stephanie Sinclaire , the Associate Artistic Director of the internationally known Kings Head Theatre in London . Her stage background shines through the production as all three of her main characters are given a nice multi-dimensionality . They are all flawed yet to varying degrees sympathetic.Take the assorted plot summaries and comments about this film with a certain grain of salt . It is about two 20-something half-sisters -LRB- if you credit certain statements and make an inference -RRB- who are still living together in the estate where they grew up . Alicia Silverstone plays Violet and Sienna Guillory plays Grace.They have decided that Violet should have a baby and lure a roguish drifter named Luke -LRB- Joe Anderson -RRB- to the estate for the purpose of getting her pregnant . There is a fourth character , the house , which exercises a considerable hold and influence over the two women . This relationship is represented by frequent memory flashbacks to their father and their childhood . The two young actresses who play them as little girls -LRB- most likely chosen for their physical similarity to Silverstone and Guillory -RRB- are convincingly directed by Sinclaire and their frequent appearances give the film a lyrical quality.As in Terrance Mallick 's `` Days of Heaven '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , the four principal characters represent the four elements ; earth -LRB- the house -RRB- , water -LRB- Violet -RRB- , fire -LRB- Grace -RRB- , and wind -LRB- Luke -RRB- . The principal dynamic being how the least transitory element holds the three elusive elements in place . Most of the complaints about the film seem to center on Sinclaire 's frequent misdirection , the viewer only knows what she wants you to know and when she wants you to know it . There does seem to be vagueness for the sake of vagueness , or at least in the service of introducing complexity to a relatively simple story . The girls have a degree of paranormal skills and there is a strong mental connection between them ; qualities that their alchemist father -LRB- lead into gold is his metaphor for reproduction -RRB- went to great trouble to develop . Sinclaire violates the language of film with this and with her inconsistent flashback techniques ; confusing the viewer about what is real , what is mystical , what is a dream , and what is simply a memory . So the film is unable to decide between being a ghost story of a psychological melodrama . Yet in the end all this stuff fits into the final explanation so as long as you get it there is little cause for complaint.This is a must see for Silverstone fans , by far the best thing she has ever done . Helped by an excellent acting for the camera director and a quality ensemble she is quite impressive . To me her face has always seemed slightly off-balance , making her an excellent fit playing a character that is somewhat off-kilter . Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 First of all , before watching this enticing tale unfold , one must realize that this is first and foremost an expression of art . While watching the characters slowly reveal their souls to the audience , I also noticed how well everything fit into the plot ... the costumes , the hair , the make-up and most importantly the music that set the tone for the entire movie . Alicia Silverstone shows a side that most would not expect to see , as her most well-known movie is Clueless . This character has depth , she thinks , she plots , she loves . The presence of the father in the enchanting home that the two sisters live in only adds to the mysteriosness of this artsy film . For those who only watched the movie because of its sex scenes , it is sad to report , that they did not see the deeper depth to this movie . These educated girls , who have been too afraid to venture out into reality except to obtain necessities , begin somewhat of a new life by playing their little game with the attractive newcomer , and inevitably find themselves completely different people then they thought they were .
 This is a wicked movie with lots of insane backyard wrestling . These kids are mostly stupid but it is great fun to watch . I always thought documentaries were boring but this film changed my mind . Highly recommended !!!
 I have always been a wrestling fan , and when I was younger , my friends and I would often stage video-taped `` matches '' in our backyards and basements . We were n't pros , but at least we were aware of that fact . Nor did we brutalize ourselves the way the kids featured in this documentary do . I think the film maker did a supurb job with showing these kids and what they do without using a judgemental slant , which could have been very easy to do . The film documents various backyard `` wrestling '' leagues . I think the saddest story is that of two brothers who violently torcher one another in their matches as an outlet for the pain of abuse they suffered when they were younger . Also featured is a 17 year old wannabe promoter who could n't care less who gets hurt in his events . He comes off as heartless and power hungry in this film . Other leagues are featured , including some talented , although foolish boys in England . Their fun is stopped when a bystander calls an amulance when they see the blood of a kid who thought it would look cool to `` blade '' himself during a match -LRB- taking a razor blade and cutting a small nick in the forehead , producing just enough blood flow to look pretty nasty -RRB- The only group that seems to come out looking good in this film is a group of college kids in upstate New York that focus on working together and being safe . -LRB- In other words , they are n't cutting each other up , setting each other on fire , nor performing dangerously high risk maneuvers -RRB- The film primarily follows a 26 year old who uses the stage name `` the lizard '' in his quest to become a real professional wrestler . When he finally makes it a legitimate pro wrestling school , the film shows quite a few shots of them doing strength training and physical conditioning ; thats what will save your body in the ring.I only give this video 4 stars and not 3 because of a special feature entitled `` wresling Superstar '' , in which a professional wrestler talks in length about how to become a pro wrestler , the importance of a good education and following your dreams , and the foolishness of the brutality many of these backyard `` wrestlers '' put themselves through . I think any parent who 's child participates in backyard wrestling should watch this film , know whether or not their children are putting their bodies at risk , and watch the `` wrestling superstar '' featurette .
 This is a must-see for any wrestling fan . These kids seem all inspired by ECW and do really scary things . I loved Beyond The Mat and thought that this was just as good .
 For hours after watching this film , all I could think about was how hopeless some of these kids are.This documentary on backyard wrestling is a truly great piece of work.As a wrestling fan , I went into this film thinking that all backyard wrestlers are just stupid kids . I see now that there are definitely some different levels of stupidity.They 're all here . The kids who just want to learn some technique , to the kid who uses pain and backyard wrestling to feel better about himself , all the way to the 28 yr old who thinks that by doing body splashes through exploding tables he 's assured a career in the `` WWE '' . This movie does n't make me think about wrestling . It makes me think of how sad and desperate some people are .
 I bought this movie partially due to curiosity and mostly because the price was so good . My only complaint would be that it is not long enough . Here you get a 78 minute movie , a director 's commentary and a few extras . The commentary is as funny and entertaining as the movie as the Lizard , Scar , and the director discuss the making of the documentary.The Backyard covers the world of backyard wrestling from a number of viewpoints . We see the toll these backyard matches take on their bodies as they have matches for the local community . The Lizard is one of the main characters and he really makes the movie great . We see a young man follow his dream to become a professional wrestler . We look back at Scar 's life of childhood illness and his parent 's decision to allow him to make decisions for himself regarding his activity in backyard wrestling . Along the way , we see kids blading themselves to bleed and setting each other on fire . It really makes you appreciate the fine show the professionals put on for us every week when you see the mess these guys put on in their backyards.Rob Van Dam -LRB- RVD -RRB- , Mr. Pay per view , also appears in the documentary , encouraging young people to get properly trained and not beat themselves and their bodies down in the backyard doing dumb stuff , while still not being so down on them that he was discouraging them following their dreams . Overall , this is a great buy for a wrestling documentary fan or anyone interested in learning just what goes on in the backyard . This movie gives a pretty good glimpse of it from the point of view of some very fascinating individuals . Very fun movie to enjoy time and time again .
 THIS INSIGHTFUL DOCUMENTARY SHOWS THE RECKLESSNESS THAT MANY YOUNG WRESTLING FANS PUT THEMSELVES THROUGH IN THE WORLD OF BACKYARD WRESTLING . WHILE BACKYARD WRESTLING IS ENTERTAINING , IT 'S ALSO UNNECESSARILY DANGEROUS AND IT ALSO GETS TOO MANY PEOPLE HURT . THIS DOCUMENTARY IS THE FIRST TIME I GOT TO SEE ANYTHING DEALING WITH BACKYARD WRESTLING . AND AS THE FILM SAYS , IF YOU WAN NA BE A WRESTLER , YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH A TRAINING SCHOOL , THERE 'S JUST NO WAY AROUND THAT . ALTHOUGH IT WAS A MOVING PIECE OF FILM , IT COULD 'VE AND SHOULD 'VE BEEN A LITTLE LONGER . BUT ANYWAY , IT 'S GOOD FOR WRESTLING FANS TO WATCH . FOR A GREAT DOUBLE FEATURE , GET THIS WITH '' BEYOND THE MAT '' . INCLUDES SPECIAL APPEARANCES BY ROB VAN DAM .
 I absolutely loved this DVD . It shows how much some of these teenagers really want to become profesional . I also really hope the Lizard makes WWE . I reccomend this to anyone ! Just makee sure a stupid idiotic nagging cousin is n't near you while your watching it .
 Hell yeah ! There 's RVD . There 's lightbulbs . There 's mousetrabs . Baseball bats with barb wire . Light tubes . Blood . Gore . Deathmatch Wrestling . Awesome .
 Hulk Hogan 's not only the world 's most famous wrestler - he 's also a very traditional suburban dad who just so happens to live on a 20,000-square-foot estate in Clearwater , Florida . Daughter Brooke -LRB- 16 -RRB- wants to be a pop star , and son Nick -LRB- 14 -RRB- wants to be a race car driver . As Hulk and his wife Linda watch their kids grow up before their eyes , they 're more committed than ever to protecting them from sex , drugs , and the other evils of modern life.Watch as Hulk wrestles with the everyday struggles of Brooke , Nick , and Linda -- and also celebrates their triumphs . Somehow , he and Linda have tapped into the secrets of good parenting . So do n't mess with the Hulkster - or his family . Grrrr!HOGAN KNOW ` S BEST Season 101 . Brooke 's First DateAt sixteen years old , Brooke Hogan is ready to start dating , but the Hulk is far from it . The Hogan household heats up when a 22-year-old college guy asks Brooke out on her first date ! Linda teams up with Brooke to talk Dad into letting her go , but Dad is n't giving up yet , he 's tracking them by GPS ! See what happens when Hulk takes on his greatest challenge , his daughter 's first date .02 . Nick 's GirlfriendAt fourteen years old , Nick Hogan is quite the ladies man . His infatuation with his new girlfriend Ashley has him heading for trouble as he begins blowing off the family , school , and even his cars to be with her . As Hulk and Linda try to get Nick back on track , they discover condoms in Nick 's room . Do n't miss this Hulk match up as he takes on Nick 's fourteen-year-old girlfriend ! 03 . Brooke 's Big BreakDad and Brooke struggle to find the right team to launch Brooke 's music career as they wade through an outlandish cast of music industry players and pretenders . Dad , in his usual overprotective mode , coaches Brooke on the sacrifices it takes to make it big . Join Hulk , Brooke , and the Hogan family as they hit the grammys in L.A. and try to bodyslam the music industry .04 . WrestlemaniaHulk is invited by Vince McMahon to be inducted into the Wrestling Hall of Fame and surprises Hulk with an invitation to wrestle at Wrestlemania 21 in Los Angeles . The family worries Dad will get hurt or worse , hit the road wrestling again . Watch Hulk lead his family behind the scenes of the barbaric world of wrestling , as ` Dad ' transforms into ` Hulk Hogan ' ! 05 . Romantic GetawayHulk and Linda decide to take a romantic weekend getaway and ride off into the sunset in a Hummer limousine . While they 're away , sidekick and former wrestler Brian `` Nasty Boy '' Knobs will baby-sit . Nick and Brooke decide to take advantage of the situation and ask Knobs if they can have some people sleep over . Trying to be cool baby sitters , he agrees . The sleepover gets out of hand when some of their friends show up . Meanwhile , Hulk and Linda are enjoying a romantic dinner alone , despite the many interruptions from wrestling fans .06 . Hogans Versus City HallThe Hogan family is at war with the town of Bellaire , Florida over the number of pets they have . The onetime menagerie of more than a dozen has been whittled down to five animals plus a permitted rooster after their next-door neighbor complained to the town . But Bellaire officials are playing hardball
 This show is brilliant as an example of what NOT to do as a parent and how easy it is to cross the line in an effort to win your childrens love by spoiling them and not holding them accountable for their actions . It should be plain to anybody watching why Nick Hogan ended up in jail and Brooke does n't have much of a career as a singer ... and why Linda , emboldened by her reality TV fame has regressed herself into a fantasy land . Hulk comes off as a caring dad who wants the best for his family but in an effort to make up for years away is all talk and no action when it comes to being strict and teaching his kids responsibility . I feel sorry for him now that the reality of his life has gone so wrong ... he 's broken down physically and at a time when he should be able to enjoy life and watch his kids grow up he 's overseeing a disaster of epic proportions with his good intentions and lax supervision to blame . Hoganstein is what this should be called because of the monsters he 's created.This is one time where the show is more real than you could imagine ... and while its severely edited to create a story arc its easy to see the sad sad reality . Nick Hogan is now starring in his own version of Red Asphalt .
 really excellent copies of the hogan series . thank you very much . I will be ordering more series ... movies and whatever I am looking for ...
 I loved hogan knows best . It used to play over and over on vh1 and I used to just put it on that station and listen to it . I waited for a long time for the show to come out on dvd . The sad thing is I looked for years and amazon was the only place that had it . The first two seasons were really good but the last seasons was just a let down . But if you like hogan or are a wrestling fan you need this dvd .
 I love the Hogans , so seeing this boxset at FYE for 5 bucks was perfect . I watched every episode straight for 2 days when I first got it , and I loved every minute of it . They 're such a fun family , and it 's cool seeing Brooke working on her music , Nick and his many professions , Hulk with wrestling , and Linda with her animals . My only problem is the lack of season 4 , but I definitely recommend it . These episodes never get old .
 ... season 4 was good also of course ; good `` house of relax '' stuff , & like being on vacation locally for the most part , & @ times funny entertainment here , like the rent a guru episode - `` hi ca rumba '' , a kuna ma ta toe '' , hocus pocus instanbul appear large pronto a big fat pool-got this from one the best/funniest 60 's popeye cartoons . glad hulk 's a christian ; if we all were , this here now would be like `` planet '' heaven . one way its easier to be saved is when one loses a lot or is very successful , its still all very scary though .
 The Osbournes came and went , and so here comes the Hogans.Hogan Knows Best was a great addition to `` family '' reality tv shows , and a great addition to VH1 's lineup.This reality show centered around professional Wrestler Hunlk Hogan , and his family is very enjoyable , and very entertaining.Getting to see the lives of this family , and the things they have to go through is great tv!Everything from Nick to his cars , to Brooke and her singing career is fantastic.Great thing is you get all 3 seasons in one cool box set.Down side is that the fourth , and final season was n't released , so it 's not included.The series has a few good features on the dvd 's , but nothing wowing.This is definitely something any Hulk fan should own , or just anyone into reality tv .
 This quickly forgotten series was actually very good and entertaining . Then came all the evidence of dis-function , the divorce , Nick gets in a wreck , Brooke leaves home , blah blah . The show wouild prob still be on if they tried to get along and do it for the sake of more fame and money , but I guess ego in the end killed the show and their lives . Still , was a fun light hearted show , one of the better ones on tv . I guess now the show much like this is Gene Simmons
 I bought this movie for my neice thinking it looked interesting , although I had never heard of it anywhere . When we watched it I was amazed at how well the story was done , with beautiful special effects , and the whole story of the Nullifier and everything was just great science fiction . The story is also full of cute characters and great kid songs that are catchy and not annoying at all . Since buying it for her , the movie has been one of the most requested watches of my neice and her mom told me last week how she knows all the songs and the names of the people in the story , and that it has become one of her favorites . So today I found two more of the movies in the series and ordered them for her . The stories are just good clean family entertainment and if it brings about a young interest in science fiction and thinking beyond what is accepted to be true in science , then I 'm more than proud to give them as gifts . They really are a great set of movies for kids .
 I 've been waiting for years to see this , as a fan of obscure genre films . The message is ham-fisted -LRB- as withSilent RunningandSoylent Green -RRB- , the look is very 1970 , and some odd soundtrack choices were made , but it 's a bleak film about the collapse of civilization . It can be viewed as exploitation , except that I find the story 's premise completely plausible , and the violence gives depth to the plot and characters . With the notable exception of the scene with the biker gang , `` No Blade of Grass '' is closer in spirit to `` The Road '' rather than `` The Road Warrior . `` I 've read that this is part of a `` survival '' trilogy in director Cornel Wilde 's work , the other films beingThe Naked Prey -LRB- The Criterion Collection -RRB- andBeach Red . In a technical sense , `` No Blade of Grass '' is n't the same quality as `` The Naked Prey , '' but Cornel Wilde is certainly a film maker with a strong message who can deliver it in a brisk plot . Cast members Lynn Frederick and Nigel Davenport would reunite in 1974 for another serious -LRB- and also underrated -RRB- science-fiction film , Phase IV.The DVD itself has no chapter stops or extras , but the presentation is letter boxed and the source print is good . A trailer can be found on42nd Street Forever Vol . 4 .
 Cornel Wilde directs a sleazy , apocalyptic road movie with heavyhanded ineptitude , but it 's hard not to enjoy for it 's casual violence and campy exploitation value . You 'll thrill to
 This movie was made in the early 1970 's and has a bit of a departure from its contemporaries in that the end comes from ecological disaster rather than nuclear war . Certainly not the ONLY film to treat the genre this way but one of the few .
 Norman Finklestein is uncompromising and outspoken in his search for truth and justice . This is definitely a must see documentary !
 Professor Finkelstein is such a humble and beautiful person and this film just emphasizes on that . It captures the scenes behind Professor Norman 's hectic life . It depicts the struggles he has gone through with the life his parents had as Holocaust survivors and the impact it had on him emotionally and mentally while growing up.You can clearly see that this man is standing up for justice and peace and AGAINST tyranny and oppression . It is amazing to see a man stand up for justice and human rights even though it is against his own people because He CLEARLY sees where the TRUTH lies and where FALSEHOOD lies . Which drives him to make a conscious decision to fight for the TRUTH.Professor Finkelstein was Influenced by the struggle and pain his parents faced during the Holocaust and for the remainder of their lives after the Holocaust , which ignited the fire that burns in him like a fire lit on ice that keeps him going in his fight against injustice . Love this man !!!
 For anyone who is interested in knowing more about the man , Norman Finkelstein , and the struggles he has immersed himself in for a just cause , this is the documentary . It comes as close as anything can to give a complete picture of Finkelstein 's life , what he as a person is , the Israel-Palestine issue that he stands up for and his reasons for doing so , and the fearlessness with which he exposes the `` schmatta '' that pseudo-scholars like Derschowitz are . Not only will it allow you to see the other side of the picture and know what his opponents think of him , you will also get a very intimate account of his personal life and the way it has been affected because of his principles . Seeing a scholar like Finkelstein suffer because of his stance the way he does in a country that claims to be all for freedom of expression might even bring you to tears .
 This documentary follows Norman Finkelstein as he begins a number of college speaking engagements . After the success of his book The Holocaust Industry , Dr Finkelstein finds himself becoming a target for his books criticisms on Israel and its right wing supporters , hence the title American Radical . This is an excellent documentary and it is worth purchasing .
 Norman Finkelstein is a polarizing figure - in part because many people view any criticism of Israeli policies in the West Bank as an attack on Israel or Jews per se -LRB- Finkelstein as it happens is Jewish - the son of Holocaust survivors , but is still periodically smeared as an anti-Semite -RRB- . But also - he seems to sometimes use aggressive , even angry language , ostensibly feeling -LCB- not unreasonably -RCB- that while there is much room for debate as to Israel/Palestine , to a large extent , much of the public conversation amounts to ` defending the indefensible . ' In other words , whichever over-arching narrative one clings to , war crimes and violations of UN resolutions , when they happen , should not be subject to serious debate . Yet Israel 's commission of war crimes becomes politicized , accusations and suspicions abound , and the public debate becomes essentially Orwellian in tone and content.With respect to people who are strongly pro-Israel , I do think they would find the film interesting , but they wo n't change their minds on Professor Finkelstein . I consider myself a pro-peace moderate but largely agree with Finkelstein 's assessment of Israeli war crimes in Gaza , Lebanon and the West Bank . Parenthetically , I think the U.S. committed war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan , but just as one person 's freedom fighter is another person 's terrorist -LCB- cf. the King David Hotel and 1930s/40s Zionism -RCB- - sometimes our sense of identity and ` narrative ' preclude an honest assessment of actions we would easily recognize as barbaric if ` the other side ' did it.I became interested in Finkelstein initially through some youtube videos , then read his book `` Beyond Chutzpah '' which , in my humble opinion , should be required reading for anyone interested in Israel/Palestine - with the caveat that it is not a `` neutral '' analysis , but a polemic , which marshals a great deal of evidence as to Israel 's crimes against the Palestinian people . Some reference is made to that book in the film - his battle with Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz -LCB- who is in my considered opinion an obvious plagiarist , and a pro-torture Jewish supremacist of sorts whose facile casuistry and shameless dissembling on Israel/Palestine should have led to his disbarment . -RCB- It -LCB- the book -RCB- is not fair and balanced precisely because Finkelstein 's view is that the narrative we tend to be given presents what is in essence a pro-Israeli , pro-Zionist view . This does seem very largely true - American media simply does not give Israeli violence against Palestinians the same coverage it does and has of Palestinian acts of terror . The fact that Israel has accelerated its colonial scheme in the occupied territories should make clear to even the most obtuse that it does not intend to end its occupation , and yet Americans presume Israel `` wants peace '' and ca n't get it because of those contemptible brown Arabs , who launch rockets at school children for no other reason than a primordial hatred of Jews.I think it 's very tough to respect the views of others on a topic we have a lot of emotional investment in - but I think this film is very valuable , and interesting because it shows a very polarizing figure as a human being in a way that , for example , `` Beyond Chutzpah '' might not . The story of how the child of Holocaust Survivors came to a staunchly ` pro-Palestinian ' view is fascinating in and of itself , and it may be that Finkelstein 's strongest critics might come away with some fresh perspectives on both the man and the view he espouses to resolutely .
 What a remarkable Being.Resolve such as this unequivocally emanates from a very deep seated sense of Humanity.He unwaveringly challenges with a banner of Morality and Ethics in one hand and Factual Truths in the other.Such a Noble individual , to stand against many of those within his own religious faith , knowing them to be Wrong.This can only be true Righteousness.Whether he is of Jewish faith or not , appears to be far less relevant to him than are his guiding Moral Values and Ethical Principles.His profound sense of Humanity was undoubtedly nurtured early in life by his mother and what she came away with , from her own persecution under the Nazis.Simply put , he is a true Rebel.Much has been written about the ` Humanity of the Rebel ' throughout history . Essentially , it is one who selflessly challenges Injustice , regardless.What makes him a Radical however , is not his message , but rather that he does little to self-preserve . So tenaciously committed , is he , to the message , that he has forsaken better judgment when it comes to his own personal needs.Unlike his mentor Chomsky who bucks the establishment from within , he does so from without , and hence , has found himself more ostracized , besieged , and assaulted . This has sadly brought him much personal sacrifice and pain , to say the least.Otherwise as a Rebel , he clearly has no interest in personal empowerment , as evidenced by his plight . He continually and steadfastly reiterates the Truthful Facts as they stand , allowing them to speak for themselves.He is such an extremely well-informed scholar that it has been virtually impossible for anyone to take him on based on the facts , whether in writing or in debate . He consistently attempts to remain intellectually focused and composed , not allowing anyone to derail him , nor deflect and escape his steel-trap mind.To his credit , he has been unwavering in his onslaught against Injustice , in spite of the many risks , hardships and obstacles before him.One can only hope , that in time , he will become more enlightened with regard to the need to effect change from within , however , even if so , it is likely too late , as he has found himself indeed a self-made pariah . Otherwise , he should continue in his noble pursuit of challenging Injustice , and hopefully without any additional peril to himself.Unfortunately , for this Rebel , as with others in history , their goal is never fully accomplished , for Injustice will forever be part of the Human Experience.As with all genuine rebels , he will be hailed and remembered long after he has gone .
 I picked up this movie to begin with , because Vincent D'Onofrio is in it . I ended up loving it , for the plot and the storyline.The characters , at times , border on being comical ; but not in the usual way . What I mean by that is , that life is ironic and the movie mirrors the ironic way that life comes at you . Sometimes all you can do is laugh about it . The movie is full of twists , with a twist ending.The characters , go through a series of events ; that test thier mettle . How they react to the situations that affect them is what makes this movie special.The performances are all top notch . Ethan Hawke made me sit up and take notice with the honesty of his performance.Vincent D'Onofrio was excellent as always . Seymour Cassell was able to make you understand his character , though he did n't utter a word . Just awesome . I definitely recommend this movie . Give it a try . I dont think you will be disappointed .
 Vincent D'Onofrio really does a great job in this movie in his role as the mobster.But every other member of the cast is first rate too . This movie reminded me of the many b movie crime flicks that I seen that go all the back to the 1950 's . A group of men rob a mob boss and it ca n't go well for them . Not that most armed robbers are n't eventually caught either but if you rob a mobster that 's gon na be really a bad deal . However this movie uses a jump around format that you can still follow without being confused , You get the mobsters story , One of theives story and a mute deaf man played by the excellent seymour casel , these stories interact and they are the focal point . This is not a action movie though and the violence is done offscreen mainly except for some shootings.It 's a crime drama that 's very much filled with characterization and it does not movie quickly . SO I would say that this movie is overall a good b movie but it 's the acting that gives it four for me . Just like those great low budget crime flicks of the 40 's -50 's the stories were good but the acting was often great . Those movies were often darker than this , but this is a case of a good drama that uses the intertwined method to tell it 's story . I liked it and would n't compare this to a four star A movie either . But it 's a good b movie and the blu ray looks very good which helps alot . It has a few extras too that add to the package .
 Bought it because it stars Vincent D'Onofrio . As usual , he entertains . One of the best actors working today . Where are his awards?The story is interesting although you have to wait for the layers to be peeled away . The writing is excellent and the actors all turn in solid performances . I particularly liked the scenes with Seymour Cassel as a deaf-mute in which the sounds are muffled or muted completely . Ca n't think of the last time I cheered for an old geezer with a gun , but I still wonder what exactly he does with the meat?If you like the dumbed down `` entertainment '' of Adam Sandler or Mike Meyers , this movie is n't for you . If you enjoy an O. Henry type story with well-acted scenes , pick this one up . If you are one of D'Onofrio 's crazed fans , you 've already bought it and viewed it 15 times complaining about the stupid PTB at USA network the entire time ... but do n't forget to watch the deleted scenes !
 Short Attention Span Summary : This was an `` intersecting stories '' type of movie a la `` Pulp Fiction . `` 1 . We see a mobster who is in the process of plotting to take over the business of his rivals . It is at this point that we learn that he can hold his breath for a long period of time under water . At the beginning of the movie , he is trying to beat some money out of someone that stole it from him -LRB- literally -RRB- . He leaves because he has to go and see after his mother .2 . The mobster 's associates try to kill him after a visit with his mother -LRB- the reason for which he had to interrupt the beating that started the movie -RRB- and his car veers off into a river . He manages to survive this attempt because of his underwater breathing exercises before .3 . There is a man and his wife . He is a septic tank cleaner and they want to have a child . He gets the bright idea to rob this old woman -LRB- who happens to be Mr. Mobster 's mother -RRB- in order to get the funds to finance his wife 's fertility treatment . Oops . Mr. Septic Tank is worried that the child will not be intelligent -LRB- it is painfully clear that he himself is not intelligent -RRB- and so the cost of the insemination also includes some way to ensure the intelligence of the offspring .4 . Later still , we are introduced to a deaf mute who works at the meat shop that takes care of the bodies that Mr. Mobster brings in from his activities . It seems that this person has a friendly relationship with the Septic Tank Cleaner . Later , Deaf Mute Guy wins a horse race for $ 47,000 -LRB- it seems that he lives a lonely life and his only outlet is betting at the race track from time to time -RRB- . He knows about the bad things that Mr. Mobster does , and wants to kill him to make the world a better place .5 . Eventually , Mr. Mobster finds out that Mr. Septic tank stole his money , and orders his men to get the money back . Mr. Septic borrows the money from Deaf Mute Guy , but Mr. Mobster 's workers kill him just the same . Mr. Deaf mute only finds this out because they send the body to him to dispose of -- and he finds out that he was not able to help a person whose life he thought he was going to save .6 . Finally , Mr. Deaf Mute goes to visit Mr. Mobster at his mother 's house and kills him and all three of the men who killed Mr. Septic tank -LRB- who were also going to come to kill Mr. Mobster -RRB- for a very nice denoument.As a post-script , the Deaf Mute man befriends the boy who is later born to Mr. Septic tank 's wife -LRB- who , it is clear , is very smart -RRB- . This was a welcome change after watching `` 2012 '' -LRB- the updated version of the `` Noah 's Ark '' story in the Bible -RRB- . A film like that had lots and lots and lots of special effects , but ultimately a very pedestrian / derivative plot . This film , however , was the polar opposite . They did very good work with a very low budget.At the outset , the film was a bit slow . And listening to the soundtrack , I was n't sure whether this was supposed to be a comedy or something more intense -LRB- like , say , Goodfellas -RRB- . Seymour Cassel ultimately stole the show , with his intense acting . -LRB- And this is a testament to the man 's acting ability that he managed to do that in a wordless role . -RRB- The fact that his role had no words also shows how carefully the movie was written . -LRB- For example , Jasper 's red socks being used to identify him later in the movie . For another , the buttons that he took from the shirt of the bodies of which he disposed being a way to keep track of the number of times that he had done such disposals . -RRB- This was well worth the 5RMB and 2 hours that it took to watch it . Highly recommended .
 Definitely not your standard mob film , but if you can make it to that final scene I think you will feel rewarded . I suppose the main reason for most people to see this will be the landscapes and assorted footage of Staten Island . But if you get through this atypical low-level crime boss story , a single performance will stand out for Seymour Cassel as one of his best.The story follows a small crew crime boss in Staten Island trying to make it big . Life takes some unexpected turns for him , those he trusts and for those who have stolen from him . Along the way we are gracefully rewarded with several meaningful story lines being retold as they overlap . A convincing performance by Ethan Hawke , D'Onofrio in a sort of cheese mode -LRB- he worded in his interview supplement on the BD as it being a comical yet serious role -RRB- and Cassel 's epiphany character all culminate into a well made narrative about getting what you deserve - no matter who you are.The Blu quality is solid throughout with only a few grainy shortcomings , the DTS gets both subtle and varying usages -LRB- the deaf/mute character scenes have the sound muffled in a way to try and represent his world -RRB- and the main supplement provided some excellent insight from two unlikely sources ; the extras include : * D'Onofrio interview , 2:19 minutes . He has always been about letting the work speak for itself and shunning interviews , so this was the usual brief narrative about character and that 's it . * Deleted scenes , 2:36 minutes . Glad they were cut . * Commentary by Hawke , D'Onofrio and director DeMonaco . I had a new respect for Hawke due to his performance in the film , but his wit/intellect were even more interesting to listen to as he recorded this . And for D'Onofrio to finally talk extensively about anything to do with a movie and film making in general - was great . A worthy commentary if you are fans of either of these guys.Region coded A/B/C , listed as 1080i with English and Spanish subs . Give it a fair shot and I think you might get a good feeling from that last denouement .
 Having been to Staten Island numerous times in the 80 's , this was a nice revisit on our TV.My wife and I both enjoyed it . Good plot . It is n't too high tension . It was just right for us.Thanks to others ' reviews , I do n't regret the purchase .
 GREAT MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE A GOOD MOB MOVIE AND THIS IS FOR SURE ONE OF THEM , NOT THE BEST BUT FAR FROM THE WORST
 I read a few of the reviews of this GREAT film on Amazon and Netflix . I dont know how you rate this any less than 4.5 stars . Brims with life , shifts angles from hardcore to soft feminine , and somehow manages to keep pace and weight . It takes Henry James or Ulysses to hold my attention these days ; this movie did it for me . DeMonaco gets the best out of Hawke , D'Onofrio and Cassel . Bravo guys , get together and do another one . I like you better than Scorsese and DeNiro .
 This 2009 film is full of violence , love and originality and even though the plot is non-linear it is quite easy to follow . Starring Vincent D'Onofrio as a mob boss , the film opens with him viciously beating up a man who is tied to a chair . We do n't know why , but as the plot develops in its unique way , we soon find out a little at a time . D'Onofrio 's character is complex and his acting is great . Another important character is played by Ethan Hawke . He 's a septic tank cleaner who sees himself as stupid and would like his unborn child to be smart . He hears of a fertility treatment for his wife which will do exactly what he wants but it costs $ 50,000 . And so he plans a robbery . This sets the convoluted plot in motion and includes some extraordinary acting by Seymour Cassel , cast as a deaf mute deli clerk with a gambling problem who is also a butcher charged with dismembering the dead victims of the mob.If all this sounds gruesome , it is . But it is also quite humorous and the story is played out in a `` tongue in cheek '' way . There is n't one boring moment in the whole 1 hour 35 minutes of this fast-paced film . When it started I thought I was n't going to like it but after the first few minutes I was totally hooked . Actually , I wound up loving it .
 `` Staten Island '' is not your typical mobster movie as there is one particular plot line which I found intriguing and a bit off-beat . There are three central characters in this movie - mob boss Parmie Tarzo -LRB- Vincent D'Onofrio -RRB- , septic tank worker Sully Halverson -LRB- Ethan Hawke -RRB- , and an aging deaf-mute deli worker Jasper Sabiano -LRB- Seymour Cassel in a brilliant performance -RRB- . The movie does go back and forth in time - Parmie finds out that his cronies are tiring of him , and after an altercation , ends up living on a tree , hoping to make some sort of difference -LRB- a bit late if you ask me -RRB- ; Sully is desperate to make some real money as he has a pregnant wife to support -LRB- played by Julianne Nicholson -RRB- and this desperation drives him to commit a terrible crime with his co-worker and suffer the consequences later ; and of course , my favorite of the three story arcs centers on the deaf-mute deli worker , Jasper . He is just trying to get along with life , and the highlight of his existence is placing bets on the horse races , waiting vainly for his big break , and when it comes , he finds he does n't have a clue what to do with his winnings . His peace of mind is already shattered by the grisly demands placed upon him by Parmie Tarzo , who demands Jasper `` process '' dead bodies for him.The scenes where Jasper is at `` work '' , processing the bodies have a level of surreal morbidity , especially with the muted effect -LRB- that simulate the scene from a deaf-mute 's perspective -RRB- . Seymour Cassel delivers a compelling performance as a kind man who is placed in a horrific situation , whose previously peaceful and quiet existence is shattered by Tarzo 's constant harassment . The final scene , is one that I will not soon forget for its sense of poignancy and optimism . Those looking for a shoot em ' up mobster film will be disappointed but those who appreciate something different might just like this unique offering .
 This movie was the same as all the dvds I have ordered from amazon sellers they always come weeks before the earliest date that i am supposed to recieve it , its great !
 It was interesting to see a change of role for the actor who played Detective Goren on Law and Order . I ca n't say how well this movie portrays mobster life as I am no part of it nor have I studied the Mob . The storyline was solid with interesting characters and dialogue . Part of me was not very surprised at the ending , but it was also rather unexpected . If you like mobster/detective films , you may like this .
 Having grown up in Staten Island it was nice to see something with that title in a movie . Funny that the character who took D'Onofrio 's place on Criminal Intent was ragging on Staten Island in one of the first few episodes this season -LRB- Spring/Summer ' 10 -RRB- . The movie has a pretty cool introduction , you see some quick sites of Staten Island , then you see all the names on the Island that have the word ` kill ' in it . For those who live in PA and know the Skullykill river , well , that is the same thing . Names like Kill van Kull , Great Kills , Arthur Kill ... all names Staten Islanders are familiar with . I laughed out loud on that beginning.The movies is a little slow in the beginning , and you are beginning in the middle of the movie . A scene that you return to a few times in the movie . There is a bit of a flash forward and back , so , if you need to walk away for a second , pause the movie or you will be lost.Ethan Hawke -LRB- Sully -RRB- plays a septic tank truck worker working in the better parts of the Island where people have septic tanks . Julianne Nicholson plays his wife who is pregnant and can not stand how he smells when he get home . Seymour Cassel plays a hearing impaired deli owner , Jasper , whose deli is frequented by Vincent D'Onofrio playing a mob boss Parmie Tarzo with work that only this guy seems to do for him -LRB- dissecting dead bodies -RRB- . Staten Island being one of a couple of places for body dumps in addition to the Meadowlands in NJ , makes this an interesting theme.Jasper and Sully are friendly to one another and Sully share with him how his wife is doing . You see a tear of joy in his eye now and then when Sully is giving him the news . Jasper is tired of his responsibility to Tarzo and Tarzo finds out that his gang is tired of him too . Sully 's co-worker decides to make some extra money by taking advantage of an old woman who lives alone . It is Tarzo 's mom . So , you see Sully in the Deli when Tarzo walks in , he is tense and you come to learn why.There are some cool scenes with D'Onofrio in the woods . There is a green area in the hills on the Island , but this was filmed in NJ . This is a pretty cool scene and really takes on a life of its own.This is a great story and aptly played by all . You have seen Nicholson on Criminal Intent , and Rosemary De Angelis -LRB- mom Tarzo -RRB- is familiar to you if you have watch CI or Law and Order.Anyone who likes `` Brooklyn 's Finest '' would like this.Brooklyn 's FinestCassel , Hawke and D'Onofrio work well together in this movie . A great crime drama that could be used for ideas for many more .
 I too thought the beginning was a bit slow but it was a well planned buildup.Good cast.I bet few people have heard of , or are aware of this film.Not much point repeating what everyone else has written about out so elequently. : -RRB-
 ARRIVED IN PERFECT CONDITION AS FOR THE MOVIE NOT BAD GOOD STORY LINE WELL ACTED .
 This was the best season finale I have seen from this show . I wo n't give it away , but the bride is revealed . Ted finds a possible love . etc. . Worth your time .
 This season will give you insight . The show grows up a little with this season . There are many twists and turns , and it has been my absolute favorite season of the show . The show was starting to get dull with the same outcome , until mid season 6 , and season 7 continues the greatness . It is fresh and taking a direction that is needed to keep the show going for another season or two .
 Enough said this season has a lot of laughs and in my opinion is one of the best . My favorite episode is the symphony of illumination . If you are thinking about buying please do , I am sure that they appreciate the support .
 I love this tv show !! My whole family enjoys watching the antics of Ted , Barney , Robin , Marshall and Lily . We own the whole series .
 The product arrived in a timely manor and ran I had no problems running it . It is worth buying new as opposed to used .
 How can you not love &#34; How I Met Your Mother ? &#34; With characters like Barney , Ted , Lilly , Marshall and Robin , how can you not just love this show . I can not get over how great season seven was though . The episodes towards the end of the season were the best . Especially when Robin kept flying off the ropes on Patrice .
 They are starting to run out of their freshness but still a quality show . This was a pretty funny season though .
 One of the best tv comedy series of the last decade . If you 're a comedy fan , How I Met Your Mother is &#34; LEGENDARY &#34;
 the item was in perfect condition . my husband and i loved the season . however the girls characters are a little more annoying .
 Another great year of how i met your mother . Each season is better the the prior . I would recommend this for your video library !
 Season 7 is very funny , the story moves on between Marshall and Lily , and Ted is still looking for the mom of his children!There 's great laughter , I would n't wan na miss one single episode ! One , if not the best , sitcom on TV nowdays !
 great show . I was unable to find this episode anywhere else online and the price was low enough that I purchased it here .
 I just love this show and I hope they reach season 20it 's funny and fantastic cast specially barney Stenson
 This is the show my hubby and I watch together and we LOVE IT ! This is all he 's wanted for Christmas the last few years !
 So happy this entire season is mine to watch over and over again . Ca n't go wrong w / HIMYM . Love love love ! &#60; 3
 downloaded and watched great season and great way to catch up on what you miss when you have a life ... lol
 We have never watched this show on TV . We only watch the new episodes when we buy the dvd for them ! Great show ! Glad they renewed for a 9th season !!!
 I love How I Met Your Mother , and this season is no exception ! It will keep you laughing ! A must have for anyone with the set in progress !
 Oh my gosh , I love this show ! I love all of the characters - they never fail to make me laugh . I ca n't believe HIMYM has been on the air for so many seasons , and I 'm glad because I do n't know what I would do without it . Do n't miss this season finale . You will NOT be disappointed !
 Love the show and couldnt wait for season 7 to come out on dvd , so we purchased this instead . Streaming was seamless and picture quality perfect . Highly recommend !
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 this is the greatest show of all time ! i know many people who have described this show as ` perfect ' , and i happen to agree . i can not think of a single thing that could make this show better . this is the best purchase you could possibly make .
 I have been watching this show for so long , and I still love it . This episode had a nice twist to it , and shows that there are more twists and turns to come ! I ca n't wait to see how it all works out !
 This episode made me laugh and cry . Jason Segal at his finest ! He perfectly drove an emotional , yet hilarious , plot and HIMYM continues to be one of the best shows on TV right now . More episodes like this and I will be one happy Mother Meeter .
 Very good season , seems like they get better and better each season ! Does not disappoint at all!I absolutely love this show !
 great dvd that shipped very very fast . worth the money and was legen wait for it dary ! legendary ! definately will look at them again
 Love this show but the you add kumar and it is great !! Hate how it turns out for robin though !
 It 's LEGENDARY ! must have for fans . Arrived on time. , better priced than stores . No need to shop around and waste gas .
 This clever sitcom still entertains me and my family in its seventh season . The characters remain true to their original creation , but have grown and developed . This is a great ensemble cast , with NPH as a solid contributor .
 For all the die hard HIMYM fans , you have to get the latest DVD season release . All the hilarity you have come to love , plus a few bonus features to make it sweeter ! Do n't be the blitz and miss out on something awesome - get it !!
 Great set of discs , and lots of good extras -LRB- ie deleted scenes , bloopers -RRB- . My only complaint is they only did one commentary per disc , as opposed to two in the previous seasons , and there were so many good episodes they could 've done commentary for on this season , whereas others probably could 've used just one per disc . Otherwise , definitely worth your money .
 I love this series . It arrived at my doorstep way earlier than I anticipated . The product was well priced I even got $ 10 back for the price adjustment .
 This is an amazon show to start with and I had to buy this season because it was n't on Netflix and I wanted to be caught up for season 8 . It 's better than expected and all the other seasons . If you do n't have Netflix I would suggest saving some money and buying all the seasons in order
 This was a solid season for a great show . The new characters were a great addition to the cast . I am excited to finally catch up on Season 8 now !
 This series is one that my kids really like and they 've followed these characters since the beginning . So I try to keep them up-to-date on the series as it moves along . They 're very happy with it . That 's what counts .
 Neil Patrick Harris is one of the most underrated comedians of our time . He is the sole reason that I watch this show .
 The greatest himym season ever . Everyone will enjoy this , even those that do n't usually like the show . Includes the Ducky Tie episode !
 This is my fav show and this season was amazing . Great shipper - no problems came on time - def reccommend it
 Fav comedy besides &#34; Seinfeld &#34; . -LRB- Sorry my age is showing . -RRB- Just hilarious . Good actors . Good script writers . Legendary if I may quote one of the stars .
 Every character in this show is funny in his/her own right , but the chemistry between the cast members gives this show an extra edge !
 I 've only watched the eposodes , none of the speical features but if you have n't seen the HIMYM seasons defintely check it out . Each eposode kind of fills you in out what is going on so you wo n't feel lost just watching a random one . RDE
 I keep waiting for this show to drop off in entertainment value , but it continues to deliver season after season .
 Not as good as the firsts seasons . Better than the sixth . Maybe less funny but I ca n't stop following these new friends .
 Me and my husband love this series and for the price it was a great buy to add to our collection .
 Purchased it as a gift for my son-in-law . He requested this DVD specifically , and he will enjoy watching it very much !
 I ca n't get enough of this show . In season 7 , the characters once again grow appropriately for their age range - Marshall & Lily prepare to be parents while Barney and Robin each realize they may be ready for long-term relationships after all . Ted , ever on the search for Mrs. Right , learns to focus on himself for a while . It 's an emotional season , and one not to be missed .
 I bought this for my daughther-in-law for Christmas and she is a big fan of the show . She has all of the other seasons and enjoyed this season very much .
 I love this series . Season 7 takes u to another season of bursts of laughters and nail biting suspenses . I love and hate this serial at same time . . season F **** g 7 and we still have not seen mother for God 's sake !!
 This is one of the best shows ever on TV right now . Very funny and appeals to a variety of people
 I bought this for my niece , she just loves to watch it on t.v. . Now she can watch it anytime .
 The DVD arrived quickly and without hassle . I am already a fan of the show and did n't have any issues when catching up on the 7th season .
 This is one of my favorite shows and I own every season . I was on the edge of my seat wanting to see what would happen , and there was a lot that happened this season . Perhaps it was because I watched all the episodes in a relatively short amount of time , but it felt like they were trying to fit way too many life altering events in for one season - that and it seemed to lose some of the humor as many of the episodes had a pretty serious tone to them . I also wih they would n't stray from the traditional personalities they established in all the previous seasons - seems like they keep forgetting what they have established to be the standard Robin , Ted , Barney way of doing things . That being said it is still a great show and I was entertained as usual - Just different from previous seasons .
 Although the identity of Barney 's mystery bride is n't revealed , the story of Punchy 's wedding makes for great entertainment . A great way to start off the season .
 One of the best HIMYM episodes of all time . Definitely Robin 's best episode -LRB- `` Nobody asked you Patrice !!! '' -RRB- . This was the first episode with Kal Penn , who is one of the first `` new additions '' who actually fits in with the show . -LRB- along with Jennifer Morrison , who was really good , too - something about House MD actors , I guess -RRB-
 How I Met Your Mother is one of those rare shows . You all know what I mean . One of those shows that 20 years down the road we 'll all look back with a fond sense of nostalgia . Season 7 picks up `` a little ways down the road '' and has the gang -LRB- at Barney 's wedding shockingly -RRB- reminiscing about Ted 's time as Punchie 's Best Man and how Marshall helped ruin the wedding.From there the show delivered in the way HIMYM always does . It gives you the laughs you 'd expect , and keeps you emotionally invested in these characters that we 've been following since the show premiered in 2005 . It makes you feel genuinely happy for a character when something good happens and horrible for a character when something bad happens -LRB- the episode from season 6 when the gang went to the funeral of Marshall 's dad still makes me misty eyed -RRB- . Midway through the season we 're given the most emotional Robin episodes of the series when Robin -LRB- who never wanted kids to begin with -RRB- finds out that she is infertile and can never have children . She discovers this after a one night stand with Barney leaves her with a pregnancy scare . So Robin is left to deal with the realization that even if she ever decided to have kids , she 'll be unable to . We get a great scene at the end of that episode of Ted attempting to cheer her up -LRB- without even knowing what 's wrong -RRB- with Christmas decorations.Ted is still spending the season looking for `` the one '' , even rekindling his feelings for `` The Slutty Pumpkin '' -LRB- played by Katie Holmes -RRB- . Marshall and Lily are dealing with the pregnancy and preparing for parenthood , while Barney accepts that he ca n't live his bachelor life forever , and we begin to see a change to Barney.The season finale was great . Barney and Marshall head off to Atlantic City to unwind , and at the worst possible moment . Barney and Marshall are drunk in AC as Lily goes into labor . So it 's left to Barney -LRB- yes Barney -RRB- to save the day and get Marshall home in time to be there for the birth of his son . The final moments of the finale reveal who Barney 's future wife is , and without spoiling anything , was a real shock , even if it was sort of a gim me . Ca n't wait for Season 8 . I do n't know what 's with the negative reviews , I guess people expect things to stay the way they were in the earlier seasons . But just like in real life , things change . And I 'm anxious to see what 's in store for Ted , Marshall , Lily , Barney , and Robin in the upcoming 8th season.The DVD is n't out yet , which is weird that there are reviews -LRB- I personally only wrote one so the season could have a positive review -RRB- , but having seen the 7th season , I can say that it 's well worth the price of the DVD or Blu-Ray .
 I love this show ! It 's original , funny , clever , and it never gets old . The cast works great together and the writing is fantastic . Watch it - you 'll be hooked .
 This season wasnt the best of the whole seven years but it was still good . I felt in a way it was a filler . They were trying to fill gaps and end relationships in order for the next season to stand out and move the characters forward.Lily and Marshall moved from the city to the suburbs then back to the city . I felt for them it was a journey to figuring out where they were going to be parents . Not just who they were going to be as parents but where they were going to be . In the end they went back to where they felt most at home and I think for them that 's going to be a great move.Ted and Robin finally ended their five year relationship . Dont believe me take a look at the amount of times they 've either made out or had sex just because they could . They 've basically been in a relationship since they go together . It was time for them to let go and it took the words of Victoria to help push Ted to that point and the actions of Robin to finally get him there.For Robin this year was about finding what she really wants . She found out that she couldnt have children and it finally answered the question of why Robin doesnt have kids in the future . It was sad but I loved that the show went to a place not many other shows go to when it comes to fertility . I really enjoyed that storyline.For Barney it was realizing that he wants the same things that Ted has wanted for years . He even wants kids which doesnt seem that farfetched for someone like Barney who is finally back in touch with his biological father . Then of course he ends up engaged to the stripper . I 'm not sure I like her and it 's comforting knowing that they dont end up together because they just seem like they would have too many issues if they got married.This season wasnt stellar but it closed some doors and gave some answers to a few questions that I 've had for years . Though there was one big thing I didnt like . I didnt like that Ted took off with Victoria . He just did to someone else what was done to him . I dont like that at all.Either way I cant wait till next season to see where life takes the characters .
 HIMYM is a fantastic show that will touch your heart from the very first episode and not let go till the very end . This season continues with the balance of comedy , real-life drama , and overall good fun that the past 6 seasons have shown us , and I definitely feel that season 7 is worth the 5 stars and I will definitely remember it as one of the best seasons of the show .
 This show is awesome , and it was yet another great season . Buying the instant stream was wonderful because then I was able to start watching right away !
 love , love , love this series specially barney and the fact that you can buy the episodes before they hits the stores is a plus , love it !!!
 This is Such a good show , makes me laugh every time ! I always enjoy watching episodes , even ones I 've already seen . They never seem to get old and I love that about HIMYM .
 A great end to this season of How I Met Your Mother . A must watch if you 're a fan of this show at all .
 I THOUGHT THE SEASON WAS FUNNY . NOW WE KNOW WHO BARNEYS GON NA MARRY ROBIN . BUT ONE THING I WISH MOSBY WOULD TELL US WHO HIS WIFE IS GON NA BE . I LIKE THE WHOLE CAST MOSBY BARNEY ROBIN LILY AND MARSHALL . MOSBY ALSO REUNITES WITH VICTORIA FROM SEASON 1 . LILY ROBIN AND VICTORIA ALL SO VERY HOT . BUT PLEASE MOSBY SHOW US WHO YOUR GON NA MARY . PLEASE SHOW US FANS .
 This is my wife 's and my favorite tv show . Funny , smart , and a continuous story . We watched the whole season in a week .
 If your himym fan and dont want to wait this is just what you need ! Specialy if you need to catch up before the new season that 's out now
 Season 7 of HIMYM is another season of the typical relationship blunders , to the point that the love mishaps began to feel quite predictable . This would be an issue if I actually watched HIMYM for that reason . But I do n't - I watch this show because the characters are over-the-top hilarious.In addition to the usual cast , this season also featured a very good appearance by Kal Penn. .
 I couldnt wait for the season to be available online so went ahead a baught it . No regrets , very very funny .
 This is such a great show ! Smart and funny , you ca n't go wrong ! Ca n't wait to know who the mother is !
 I think all shows go through a stage where the original ideas are spent , and so many different story arcs have been tried and it either you wrap it up or try out new ideas that may or may not work . I do n't know why but as soon as Marshall 's dad died the show dropped down a few levels in the funny department for me . I still enjoyed the episodes but I felt some of its magic seemed absent from the party . So this season I was hopping they could refill the glass as they worked towards the end of the show . And they somewhat did , with Lily being pregnant it allowed for a new set of challenges for the cast to play off of . Some of these moments were memorable , some did n't feel like the characters at all . Depending on the episode I enjoyed the Barney and Quinn story . I think what hurt the season the most was how many major story arcs were going on at once . In the past even when Ted and Robin break up the focus is on Lily 's wedding . Kinda like a relay race of sorts in the past , were anything dominating in the story happened one at a time . This season there is so much character evolution all around the story arcs went back in forth in ways that seemed unfocused and rushed . I do n't think the show was poorly written , but the diversity of characters which has been such a strength in the past has become an impossible task for the writers . Since viewers love all the characters so much it must be hard as a writer managing all of them at this point of the series . The first season you mainly had Ted , and every one around him with minor story lines . The amount of original cometic situations in that formula was amazing . If they wanted to they really could take a break from the story line and just have really funny and original story lines . But now all jokes need to fit in between this mad dash to finish everyone off . I personal could n't write better episodes myself . I , like the writers would want to give the viewers closure with every character before ending the show . Thats what they are doing , and I 'm fine with that . I watched every episode gladly , and will of the next season . Although not my favorite it was in no ways a disappointment . If your a fan of the show you must watch this season or you will miss out of many great developments of the show . Chris Elliott and Martin Short bring there own style to the performances .
 I love every season of himym ! This season is great ! So many milestones , hilarious jokes , references and still leaving us guessing ! It 's sad to hear that season 8 is the last :-LRB- .
 Always a great show . Everyone knows that already , but I have to fill in six more words to submit review .
 I thought season 7 was good season and highly recommend fans of the show to watch it . The back half of the season is very entertaining .
 This season was just as funny as all the rest , I had no problem replaying it on my computer . Would recommend .
 We 've really enjoyed watching this program . Looking forward to finally knowing who the mom is ! Pretty sure Neil Patrick Harris is the best actor !
 A must have for all the ` Barnyisms ' . there are some episodes that you just have to watch over and over again . The packaging is good . No scratched or broken discs .
 Its How I Met Your Mother , back for a 7th season , and legan ... wait for it ... dary , as always . I love the show , love the series . If you 're looking for a sitcom to start from the beggining , definately a must watch .
 Love the show its very funny great story . The really only character I do n't like is Ted -LRB- the main character -RRB- . The truth is though the show has passed its prime and needs to be rapped up .
 Hands-down one of the best shows of all time . I love these people ! Definitely worth every dollar spent . Instant Video makes it so easy , and you have it on your laptop whenever you go !
 Still amusing , but some episodes getting a bit contrived and campy . I 'm not a fan of slapstick and this series is relying less on the sharp writing of earlier years and leaning more towards slapstick . Hope it all ties together sooner than later .
 If you are considering purchasing season 7 , I highly recommend it . Very funny , with lots of twists and turns , as usual . Just started watching the show this year , and can not wait for season 8 !
 This is one of my favorite shows of all time . This season is no exception and continues how I met your mother 's excellent integration of events past and future to add fantastic layers of complexity to a simple , fun , and easy to enjoy show .
 I bought the `` how I met your mother season seven '' to watch online . It was the first time I have everbought some thing to watch on my computer and I am glad I did . One of the best features was that itmarked which episodes I had already watched in case I forgot . Since I watched this season over a period of a monthit was easy to forget where I had left off.I would definitely buy some thing like this again .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best shows out there . All the characters are wonderful . Each and every episode in this show has a style of its own . So I 'll guarantee it to you that if you start watching HIMYM , you 'll be hooked and thoroughly enjoy it .
 I have watched this show since it first started in 2005 . It 's a funny story about a guy desperate to find his `` love of his life '' and start a family.The main character in the show is Ted Mosby . He is relaying the story of how he met his wife to his daughter and son . The story starts in the year 2005 , when then twenty-seven year old architect Ted was spurred on to want to get married after lawyer Marshall Eriksen and kindergarten teacher Lily Aldrin , his best friends from their college days , got engaged after nine years of dating each other . Ted 's new quest in life was much to the dismay of his womanizing friend , Barney Stinson , the find a wife . But soon after Marshall and Lily 's engagement , Ted believed that his life mate was going to be news reporter and aspiring news anchor Robin Scherbatsky , who , despite having had a romantic relationship with her after this time , ended up being who the kids know as their `` Aunt '' Robin . As Ted relays the story to his kids , the constants are that their Uncle Marshall , Aunt Lily , Uncle Barney and Aunt Robin are always in the picture and thus have something to do with how he got together with their mother .
 MAJOR SEASON SPOILER ALERTS !!!! I 'll be the first to say that the past few seasons of HIMYM have not been as good , particularly 5 & 6 . I am hoping that season 8 will be the last season and that we finally find out who the dang gone mother is , b/c it 's getting almost annoying as the later years of Lost.IMHO , season 7 was not phenomenal . Some of the episode plots were tedious and contrived -LRB- the whole Marshall & Lily thing moving to the ` burbs , only to miraculously move back to the city -RRB- , and there were relationships that felt forced for the sake of keeping up the episode count for the season , as opposed just organically happening -LRB- Barney & Nora , Robin & Kevin , Barney & Quinn , etc. -RRB- . Having said all of that , I felt that there were plots and themes that were emotionally honest and that many people , especially those in their early 30 's still in the dating scene , or just folks in general can identify with . This season , while imperfect , reminded me as to why I still do love HIMYM and it still has some life in it.Points : - Realizing some doors in your life are closed . Permanently . - Many people criticized Symphony of Illusion 's plot device and thought that it was very misleading . I will not disagree entirely ... but I defy you to tell me that you were n't downright sad when Robin discovered she would never have children . Ever . While Robin never expressed an ardent desire to have children , to get confirmation that even she did in the future , it 'll never happen , is downright depressing . What 's worse , Kevin broke off his engagement to when he admitted that he really wanted kids and was aware that Robin would not be able to make that happen . Robin went through an emotional ringer ... On a side note , I hope she has a better stylist for season 8 , because good lord , they did a bad job of her hair/wardrobe in season 7.-The ramifications of being really , really close to your ex -LRB- s -RRB- - Victoria hit the nail on the head with Ted as to why he was still single , and I liked the fact that series creators finally analyzed and called out the whole Ted/Robin/Barney dynamic , and Ted 's tendency to hold on to the nostalgia of the past relationship , not the reality of what it is/was -LRB- his confession of love to Robin - FOR THE UMPTEENTH TIME - and running away with Victoria on her wedding day -RRB- . As long as they were still hanging out with one another , and harboring these nostalgic , unrealistic feelings , they would never find the `` one '' they are supposed to be with.As far as Barney and Robin are concerned , I think they 've always loved each other and I honestly think they are meant to be . I just think the writers did n't do them justice for the course of their on/off relationship . I know that there were people who thought the payoff of the season finale was obvious and set up poorly - but even so , there was a part of me that was extremely glad to see Robin in the wedding dress about to marry Barney . I must have rewound that on my Tivo like 7 times.I have no idea what season 8 has in store , but I am glad that they are stepping up to the plate with their deft , emotional writing , even with the bad episodes here and there . Here 's hoping for a good season 8 : -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this season , and watched it all in one sitting . I watched a few episodes here and there on tv , but got the DVD for commentary and other extras .
 Arrived on time , some of the brackets holding the disc in place were broken , but the discs themselves are fine . Overall , no complaints .
 I have had this item for a few weeks and have watched it twice ! booyahh ! It is legendary and classical .
 we buy &#34; how i met you mother &#34; dvd every year since the first season , and always grateful for the delivery and product
 no cambio esta seria por nada ! la sigo desde que comenzo hace a & ntilde ; os , y a & ntilde ; o con a & ntilde ; o he ido comprando todas las temporadas ! muy recomendable para pasarla entretenida y de muy buen humor !
 It is legen * wait for it ... dary ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 How i met your mother is great every season is still a good as the first season . It always makes me laugh great show
 Of course I 'm gon na love this , it 's my favorite TV show ! Shipping and handling time was good , do n't really know what else to say about this ... you either like the show or your do n't
 I watched the first 6 seasons of the show on netflix but when the 7th season was on tv , it was n't on netflix yet . I watched the first episode on amazon and it was a pretty cheap option .
 paying homage to the slapstick humor of yesteryear , Robin & Barney set out to unvover the devious , deal-breaking secrets of Ted 's new conquest !!
 I started watching this show a few months ago because there was nothing on TV . I laugh the entire 22 minutes . I watched the entire series from season 1-7 in a week . This is a great show .
 This show is by far one of the best sitcoms about a group of friends just trying to be successful at work and relationships , since FRIENDS ! Season 7 was once again an AWESOME time and I can not wait until Season 8 comes out !!! I love How I Met Your Mother and I think EVERYONE should be watching it !
 Watched this over the Xbox 360 Amazon app . The quality was really good and it was nice to be able to watch last season immediately on demand .
 It was nice to be able to purchase and see it the same day , but I really would like to have the DVD 's . Watching them instantly was good , but I do n't have anything to go back and watch again , if I wanted to , other than that it was ok .
 I absoutley loved this season . I bought it on my computer and can watch it whenever i have internet ! Its much cheaper than buying the season dvd 's and its much more convient too : -RRB-
 You must watch !!! It 's awesome . . Do n't pass it up . . Click on it now !! Do you want to go now !! Best one year !!
 Great season finale , The show has been going on for a while now and is much closer to the series finale than the series pilot , But I love the direction the show is going , I hope Ted 's wife is introduced with at least 3 episodes left , so we can get a chance to know who 's been making us scratch our heads for the past 7-8 years lol , Most characters are very likable , -LRB- I 'm personally not a big fan of Robin or Lily -RRB- But they 're a big part of the show and it would n't be the same without them .
 Oh my gosh , I love this show ! I love all of the characters - they never fail to make me laugh . I ca n't believe HIMYM has been on the air for so many seasons , and I 'm glad because I do n't know what I would do without it . Do n't miss this season finale . You will NOT be disappointed !
 My wife and I really love this show - we got caught up on Netflix , and needed to bridge the gap between Netflix 's Season 6 and the current Season 8 . We were able to watch this on my PS3 , quality was great , Amazon player is easy to use . I love how easy it is to consume this show without hassling with shipping disks and keeping them around .
 How I Met Your Mother is one of the best tv shows ever ! Season seven is full of unexpected twists and hilarious scenes .
 Arrived in no time at all and watched in the same amount of time . Love this show and this season did not fail .
 This was one of the best seasons yet . The behind the scenes stuff , deleted scenes , and bloopers were all excellent . Looking forward to buying season 8 !
 This show is one of the funniest shows on television since Friends , it is one of my favorites and although there was more drama this season , I was very pleased !
 Very good season ... Got ta love the baby momma drama ! Ted is gettig a little dry but hey barney is lookin good as always
 This series is one that everyone has to watch . You will be hooked as soon as you tune in and is legendary !! = -RRB-
 well as a huge fan of this series , i am sooooooo glad that season seven is NOT the finale ! although it does leave you even more confused at the end . . so much that at the last episode of this season ur going to ` literally ' scream `` noooooooooo !!!!!!!! i wan na see what happens next !!!!!!!!! '' its a great season i enjoyed every episode and cant wait to buy the next season -LRB- 8 -RRB- as soon as it comes out on amazon : D
 Any fan of HIMYM will love this continuation to Ted 's search for `` the one '' . You 'll be laughing out loud through the roller coaster that is Ted , Marshal , Barney , Lily and Robins ' lives . Is Marshal and Lily 's baby a boy or a girl ? What is the ducky tie ? Why is Robin so upset with everyone ? And exactly who is this woman Barney is head over heels for ? You 'll have to watch the season to find out !!! :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 Just outstanding in every way . One of the best told stories in the history of television . An epic yet funny love story continues
 Season 7 is just as good as the other seasons . It gets more exciting though because they are getting older and going through more life changes that all of us 30 somethings can relate to .
 Barney Stinson has to be the greatest mastermind of all time to pull something like this . To bad boobs came in the way of the sweet touch of victory .
 fantastic series , that showcases not only the actor , but some fabulous writers as well . I love the inside jokes and how they tie everything together .
 This is a great continuance of the HIMYM series . I would suggest this to anyone who likes HIMYM or a show like Friends .
 Excellence should be rewardedby the accolades of the massesto repudiate the lack lusterfortunes of todays mediocrity andto add to the plethora of applausereuired to extend a glad hand .
 This season is where a lot of the stories left open-ended finally came together and it 's clear the writers are starting to tie up some loose ends with regards to the storylines.First , the Slutty Pumpkin storyline is finally reconciled when Ted meets her , albeit nearly a decade later -LRB- played by Katie Holmes -RRB- . The last five minutes of the episode are awesome , and almost made me a Katie Holmes fan -LRB- when she explains their short relationship from her point of view -RRB- . Also , Marshall and Lily finally have their baby , a long-awaited moment -- and Lily 's father finally comes back into the picture . This is further expanded on in season 8 , where he finally redeems himself -LRB- as much as possible -RRB- after not being there during her childhood.There are a lot of moments in this season that made me cry ! The episode `` Tailgate '' and towards the end of the season , the awkward exchange between Ted and Robin as he finally lets her go -LRB- `` No Pressure '' -RRB- . Overall , this was an excellent season and viewers see the show start to mature .
 I love this series I have been watching since season 3 and got hooked I buy every season and watch 2-3 times a year from season one
 I have n't watched many episodes but this was the best season yet , my girlfriend really loves this show . Will order the next .
 I love HIMYM - 7th season did not disappoint ! My purchase arrived quickly , and I 'm very happy with it ! Thanks !
 I LOVE How I Met Your Mother . In a nutshell , the show is about a group of friends and watching them grow through their trials and their joys . It is awesome . And everytime I am finished I just want to put in another episode . I truly ca n't get enough .
 If you love the series , keep it up and buy this season . Good package and set up . Easy to scroll through episodes to pick the one you want to see if you do n't want to watch all the episodes on a disc .
 Wield I feel like HIMYM has slowed a bit in this season , I still give it 5 stars ... Why ? Because they did what 95 % of other shows do n't
 This show is just freakin ' hilarious ! The interaction and relationship between all the characters will make you laugh out loud !
 I love this show and ca n't seem to get enough . It did n't always play well , though I 'm not sure that was because of the product or if it was my internet -LRB- more likely it was my internet -RRB-
 Ca n't wait for the full next season to be available . My husband and I love this show and we have re watched this season many time already !
 Delivered ontime.Very funny and price was cheapest I could find on the internet.Liked the characters and have every other season on DVD as well .
 this has become our favorite show , and owning the seasons on DVD makes for watching them at our lesiure , season 7 seems to be the funniest yet
 If you love how I met your mother this season will thrill you ! It kept me laughing and on my toes !
 I know a lot of folks have written about this being a particularly dark season , but I thought it was funny and insightful !
 I love it . the story is interesting , each character has his/her own personality . Unpredictable development of the story . i really enjoy it .
 you know it ... DARY ! It 's awesome just like the other 6 seasons . Get them all . Watch them often . You will live longer for it . : D
 A great season -LRB- it did got better towards the end -RRB- . Personally one of my favorite episodes ever is TRILOGY time , which sort of makes you think about your own life -LRB- while seeing the evolution n changes thru your favorite character life -RRB- The Bro Code and more get you into an hilarious universe.Awesome series ! It does turn you into a happy mood = -RRB-
 Without giving anything away , I was impressed with this season of HIMYM just like all the rest . Well worth the money to watch the whole season whenever I wanted .
 I 've been a fan of How I Met Your Mother since season 1 . I absolutely love this show ! And ca n't wait for next season to start .
 My wife and I began watching this show after we caught an episode of it on our honeymoon cruise . Very funny and always engaging . This is one of my ` must watch ' shows . The characters have great personality and the show keeps that , and most other events that have happened in the show , consistent so you sometimes get special nuggets or a better understanding of something that has happened in a past episode by watching the new ones . Especially enjoyed being able to stream it over Amazon and not having to deal with having more DVDs around .
 This product is must for all how i met your mother fans , season7 does n't often come on tv and with season 8 on the way you want to know all the information you can . this season had lot of laughs and unexpected turns
 I was talked into watching season 1 by my boyfriend because he saw it on netflix and once i started watching I could not stop because it is so funny . I watched all 6 seasons on netflix in like 4 days and then watch season 7 on here . Now I cant wait til season 8 starts soon on cbs .
 HIMYM is one of my favorite shows and always makes for hours of laughter for me . This season did not disappoint !
 I began watching How I Met Your Mother on Netflix late last year and quickly became hooked on it . The cast is exceptional , and the scripts are generally right on the mark with few exceptions . Unfortunately , Netflix did n't have Season 7 and I did n't want to start watching in the middle . I had hoped to get Season 7 on DVD before Season 8 started but it wo n't be released until October . I 'm not sure what the reasoning behind that is so I bought it digitally and the HD quality from Amazon is very good over my Roku.I was expecting a lot of misses in Season 8 from some of the other reviews , but as it turned out there was really only two episodes that did n't work for me and were disappointments . I thought The Slutty Pumpkin episode had so much more potential especially after a big buildup to it in previous seasons . Also I do n't find Chris Elliott as Lily 's Dad particularly funny and although I loved the flaming beekeeper episode , 46 minutes was also a miss where much of the episode was devoted to Lily and Marshall trying to get rid of Elliott . For me , he 's always been annoying and the only thing I 've ever tolerated him in was Groundhog Day . I was glad to see him depart after a couple of episodes.That being said , I thought all of the other episodes jelled together nicely with a lot of ups and downs , some sadness , and a lot of laughter . And it 's that mix that really makes me enjoy this show . Well , that and finding out How Ted Met His Kid 's Mother .
 barney experiences that feeling of falling in love , being sure , and then that single moment where all the surety stops time itslef , and that feeling of failure seems to last forever .
 I love this show and every season just gets better . So many great one-liners and always good for a laugh !! It 's so much fun growing with the characters and you do n't even really need to watch all the episodes to enjoy the show
 When I caught up through season six of HIMYM on Netflix I knew I could n't wait until they got season 7 to watch more ! Thankfully netflix had them all and I was able to buy the whole season !
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this show ! I have n't watched all the episodes yet , but the cast of characters are great . People in their 20 's and 30 's -LRB- maybe even 40 's and 50 's ! sorry , nothing but love -RRB- can definitely related to a number of things discussed on this show .
 This show is the greatest ! I do n't have cable , and miss watching my favorite shows . On amazon I downloaded the whole season 7 of HIMYM and watched it at my leisure . Love the convenience and no commercials !
 This show is the funniest show on television . Hands down . The actors are the best cast they could have chosen for this show .
 Love every episode of the first 6 seasons and 7th season was no let down ! Kept me laughing and guessing with each new episode !! Great buy !
 I love this show . I 'm not going to waste time giving an episode-by-episode rundown ... if you 're considering buying the 7th season , I think it 's fair to assume that you 've seen this show before and that you already like it . Enough said . : -RRB-
 Are the characters beginning to be played out ? Maybe . Does that mean that the show has lost its luster ? I do n't think so . I think it 's still a great show to watch , I would , however , like to meet the mother soon .
 This show never gets old ... it just keeps getting better and better ... i definitely own every season out right now and cant wait for season 8 ...
 Legen ... -LRB- wait for it -RRB- ... dary !!! I absolutly love this tv show ca n't wait to purchase season 8 when it finishes .
 well this is one of my favorite shows so i liked it . a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
 I love this show so much . It 's different from most show . I love the fact that it has a variety of characters . There is someone everybody can relate to
 This show is wait for it . . legen . . Dary !!!! I love all the characters and I ca n't wait to see what happens next !
 - and I hope your not allergic to milk because the next word is ... DAIRY ! LEGENDARY!How I Met Your Mother continues to be amazing and great show to watch , highly recommend !!
 The year is 2030 , and you are listening to you father tell you the story of how he met your mother . Over a span of seven seasons with an average of 22 episodes a season , your father retells stories of sitting around the bar with his best friends , describes his various relationships with what seems like hundreds of girls who rarely stick around for long . As soon as you think he 's finally at the end of his story , it turns out it 's just `` some girl '' and not the conclusion of the TV series . But viewers are content with that . The longer it takes Josh Radnor to find his character 's wife in How I Met Your Mother , the more television fans get to watch.What began as a show loosely based off of the producers ' experiences in New York City -LRB- Carter Bays and Craig Thomas originally wanted to write a sitcom about `` our friends and the stupid stuff we did in New York '' -RRB- quickly became a successful show receiving high ratings and winning five Emmy awards and a nomination for `` Outstanding Comedy Series '' in 2009 . Along with quite a few other awards and nominations , CBS ' How I Met Your Mother was rated the top fifth TV series of the last decade -LRB- 2002-2012 -RRB- . The show stars Radnor , as Ted Mosby , and his four best friends Marshall Eriksen -LRB- Jason Segel -RRB- , Marshall 's wife , Lily Aldrin -LRB- Alyson Hannigan -RRB- , Robin Scherbatsky -LRB- Cobie Smulders -RRB- , and Barney Stinson -LRB- Neil Patrick Harris -RRB- . Other friends come and go through the seasons but none stay as long as those listed above . Even those characters disappear from time to time , but -LRB- SPOILER ALERT ! -RRB- they always find a way to make it back to MacLaren 's , the bar where much of the show is set . As the relationships between the main cast members develop , fans can see the strength of the actors who play them.The diversity of the characters portrayed in the show allows people with varying views on relationships have an interest . Ted , on one hand , has been looking for his soul mate ever since he realized his two best friends found theirs -LRB- with each other -RRB- , Marshall and Lily found true love while dating for ten years , and Robin , while not against dating , is fully convinced she will never get married or have children . Barney is the man-whore of the group . By making up far-fetched stories about his life , he manages to sleep with a new woman each night . Together , the group collaborates to create a nice blend of different views.Each character has a strong hold on the group dynamic ; without him or her , the group could easily fall apart . This is mostly thanks to the strength of the actors themselves -LRB- and of course to the writers , producers , directors etc. -RRB- . Each actor is able to portray their character in the most humourous way . While still carrying some essence of serenity and seriousness , Radnor , Segel , Hannigan , Smulders , and Harris work together to make an award winning show , loved throughout the country.While all of the main cast is best known for this hilarious show , Radnor is also well-known for his work as producer , director , and writer of various other productions . His movie HappyThankYouMorePlease -LRB- which he wrote , directed , and starred in -RRB- won `` Audience Award '' before being nominated for `` Grand Jury Prize '' at the 26th Sundance Film Festival in 2010 . Within the first five minutes of HappyThankYouMorePlease , Radnor , who sports a scruffy beard , untucked button-up shirt and acts as Sam Wexler , shows similar characteristics to his character on How I Met Your Mother
 DARY!WWBD ... What Would Barney Do ? Stay up late with hookers and watch HIMYM , over course!Haven ' t seen it yet but you know that it is guuna be awesome . SUIT UP !
 This should be reworked with a changed more powerful score . I would n't change any of the actors , although I did reach for my abseced tooth once and awhile . I must go back and see Death Race 2000 again . I asked my wife tonight I f I should become an actor , because it does n't seem like I 'm making it at anything else . Hope floats . I loved the coloring of the scientist ! Stereotypes are shattered , an alcholic can properly raise two children on her own . Although , I wonder where the realist were
 Within THE NEW WOMEN 's opening minutes , at least 10 ways to love the feature film emerge . You 've got a sumptuous , rural noir road trip . You 've got femmes - fatale , frisky and fierce . You 've got film references that range from '40s noir to '50s sci-fi to '60s chixploitation to '70s apocalypse , and that crackling , smart dialogue we have n't heard for decades . While the film 's core is feminine nuance , the film 's look is a rhapsody of texture.THE NEW WOMEN gives you that rare aesthetic density , a funky , sophisticated humor and a provocative voila ! Riffing off the feisty , all-female melodrama George Cukor pioneered in THE WOMEN , this film likewise exults in an all-girl milieu , but amped with a sci-fi premise . The film 's humor is sharp and ingenious , and the women are by turns frenetic , profound , campy and coy - full-bodied females that straight cinema could care less about .
 A fagulous midnight movie , now available 24/7 via DVD release ! Todd Hughes ' premier full-length feature stars cult phenomenon Mary Woronov in her best role since _ Eating Raoul _ , and a sumptous performance by Sandra Kinder -LRB- _ Twin Peaks _
 I received this DVD within few days after my order . It was very quality and quickly service . I like this movie .
 Hey all ! I would n't have bothered to pick a rating as I 'm obviously biased to this project , but it asked for it so I rated it based on my overall experience of making it and the finished result . Anyway , I 've noticed most of the reaction to the movie through this site and the YouTube trailer comment thread has been predominately negative for various reasons so I felt compelled to post a video response to address some of those issues . I realize that no movie is EVERYBODIES cup of tea and hope that everyone that stumbled across this page gives it a look with an open mind . :-RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This movie blows Paranormal Activity away ! It was great fun my entire family loved it . This is one of the best ghost movies we have seen to date . Every character in the movie was lovable and comedic , I hope they make a sequel .
 The most Godard-like of the entire Bertolucci 's output , in a excellent edition , far better than the one released in Italy
 this movie has it all . drama , an edge of your seat - psychcological - story-line , handsome lead . partner is an adaptation of the classic book `` the double '' by dostoyevsky . this is the only movie made from a book i 've read and loved that has so captured the feel and integrity of the written work . if you are looking to see a great movie and have the patience to sit through one with subtitles then this is your movie .
 I 'd heard this was terrific , but it 's so much more than that . My husband , son and I were mesmerized watching it , it was just so good . To see these three great , music-defining guitarists together , to see them riff together and enjoy each OTHER 's contributions to music , to hear their own philosophy on music and where the music comes from for them -LRB- and it 's totally different for each of them ! -RRB- was an incredibly pleasurable experience . I loved watching one of them take off on a piece of music , and you could see the other two intently watching what he was doing , copying it and then twisting it in their own style , and yet - they harmonized so beautifully together ! We loved it , absolutely loved it . I 'm glad we own it , we will be watching it again .
 I watched this dvd just this AM and what I saw was three important things to me that defined the movie .1 . Jack White IS talented and , should be given more credit than he has gotten over the last few years .2 . The Edge is better at his craft then what I assumed.Not being a big U2 fan I was ready to blow him off as a guitar player.Not bad , not great but , not bad .3 . Jimmy Page is the man always has been ... always will be.In watching the 3 converse on the sound stage in Cailf.was interesting to say the least.Jack seemed more at ease than Edge.Jimmy came off as relaxed and interesting.I found Jack W.kinda odd but , talented.Edge seemed oddly out of place.I do n't know if he really belonged there.He seemed a little nervous in front of Jimmy.In fact I kept noticing that The Edge would rarely speak directly to Jimmy only to Jack . ? The footage of Jimmy as a hip young gunslinger in the session days of London was treat to see , brief though it may have been.see.It seemed as if all The Edge wanted to talk about was how bad it was in Ireland when he lived there . Jack ` geniune awe and love of Son House was moving . He spoke of him in a reverence almost.Nice.Jimmy putting on an old 45 and step by step going thru the air guitar motions was like that Visa card commerical ... `` priceless '' . His face just lite up.Oh yea when Jimmy starts playin ' Whole lotta ' love '' and the 2 just looking on in awe as if to say ... `` holy S@%& this is Jimmy Page playing for us . `` My favorite part however for me was the footage of Zeppelin at Headley Grange and , that Jimmy went back and walked amoung the ghosts of the past as it were.I think another reviewer put it best when they said Jack W. and The Edge were outgunned.Not having talent , charisma , intellect , respect or money to come close to Jimmy Page.I really enjoyed the film I belive the lack of sparks between the 3 was evident.If you are fan of any of these guitar players you owe to yourself to watch.Lastly if Jimmy Page questions wheather you are playing in the right key ... you might want to admint to being in the wrong Key .
 It 's not about the drugs , the bands , the gossip or the groupies . It 's about the music . Or , rather , the passion for the creation of the sound . The filmmakers have taken us on magical tour of three guys who show us if you love what you do chances are you will succeed . Like other viewers have mentioned , we did n't want it to end . Bravo , Davis !
 Just saw this last night and was completely floored ! Best music documentary since `` Dig ! '' and `` The Future Is Unwritten '' . Ca n't wait to check out the blu-ray !!! If you love rock and guitars , it 's an absolute must .
 ... might actually be a better title . There is an undeniable charm to this film , even if White 's pretentious preciousness gets under your skin , as it did mine , and that irrespective of his technical ability . One would expect an Irishman to be charming , but Dave Evans is all that and more . The Edge , free of the yapping Maw known as Bono , conveys an intelligent and humble regard for his craft that he saw as his only way out of an Irish economy that was devastatingly empty of promise . He is grateful to the schoolmaster who let them use a clasroom to rehaerse what they did n't know how to do , and archive footage of the lot of them as kids , contrasted with the footage of an overblown performance at Slane Castle presents their career trajectory in vivid detail . But it is his humble but intelligent regard for his job that strikes as so much more eloquent than the endless righteous babble of his vocalist . It 's a great reminder that U2 has a lot more to say when Bono keeps his mouth shut.Edge is clearly interested in what Jimmy Page has to say . In many respects U2 was part of rock 's reaction to what Page stood for
 We are entering an era , I feel , in which some names in the arts will remain constant in history , while some will slowly fade out - even if their music has , perhaps , the same quality . That is what I felt when I watched `` It Might Get Loud , '' an illuminating and penetrating documentary about three guitarists of importance in present times
 I grew up on Led Zeppelin , so of course I 'm a Jimmy Page fan . Have n't really followed The Edge/U2 . This is a fascinating doco/rockumentary/homage to the guitar . Watching 3 generations of guitar interpretation was really interesting . The look on The Edge 's face when Jimmy Page played the opening riffs to those classic Led Zep songs was priceless ! A combination of awe , respect , humility - in fact all 3 displayed the same reactions . It was also interesting to watch Jack White holding his own with Page and Edge - his back story was great - making a guitar with a bottle and some wire , getting a mouth organ custom fitted to his guitar etcA brilliant idea to put these guys togetherJenny
 The `` It Might Get Loud '' with Jimmy Page is a great DVD , if you are into Rock & Roll guitar history and guitarists.If your like me , you 'll watch it over and over .
 Three men . Three musicians . Three icons . Two really good guitarists . And so you have the meat of `` It Might Get Loud '' , the much anticipated `` movie '' starring Jimmy Page , The Edge and Jack White . `` It Might Get Loud '' tells the personal stories , in their own words , of three generations of electric guitar `` virtuosos '' The Edge -LRB- U2 -RRB- , Jimmy Page -LRB- Led Zeppelin -RRB- , and Jack White -LRB- The White Stripes -RRB- . However , the subtitle could easily be `` which one of these is not like the other '' as despite the film 's attempt to give the viewer an inside look into the minds and hearts of unequivocal rock legends , the pace and feel of the film is overshadowed by what can only be described as a hiccup in casting.Where it does succeed is in revealing how each musician developed his own unique sound and style of playing favorite instruments . The premise revolves around a day when Jimmy Page , Jack White , and The Edge first meet and sit down together to share their stories , teach each other famous riffs and play . From there the viewer sees breakaway scenes of each telling their personal story , air guitaring and remembering how they developed their craft.Fans of Page and the Edge will not be disappointed as the film shows both in their elements - one surrounded by shelves of guitars , the other in a former school room and giving the viewer a very intimate and surprising , `` hey these guys are just doing what they love '' kind of feel to two of rock music 's most recognizable and copied forces . Thankfully Page comes across as human and The Edge is depicted as having a soft side rarely seen on stage or video.The aforementioned hiccup is Jack White . Admittedly , he is stretching musical boundaries but in terms of being a major contribution if he is to be this generation 's greatest guitarist , someone needs to go back and recount the votes . White peaked with The Raconteurs , and while admittedly his work is experimental and w.o.p. -LRB- weird on purpose -RRB- , it feels remarkably out of synch within the context of `` It Might Get Loud '' . Out of the three guitarists White is the least original following in the footsteps of The Flat Duo Jets , The Ramones and nearly every underground Bluesman you 've never heard of . Chances are within the next year he 'll do a bad cover of Stairway and wear a knit cap.Thankfully , `` It Might Get Loud '' rises above White 's mediocrity and gives some real insight into some of rock 's greatest legends ; even if there are only two in this story .4 starsKim Thore-Uber Rock UK
 Having been a huge fan of The Edge , I was really mostly interested in only his part of the film . But I have to say , I never really got into much of Jack White 's music . But after watching this , I truly appreciate his musical talent and his raw ingenuity . I also now have a whole new appreciation for Led Zeppelin . I mean , Jimmy Page blew my mind ! I have Led Zeppelin 's box set , but now knowing how Jimmy and the rest of the band created their music was really inspiring.The film is pretty fitting considering the 3 differences in generation gap between the guitarists and history . It 's like the film has something for anyone who 's into rock and roll.I would like to see a sequel with some other guitarist like , BB King , Clapton , and Slash . -LRB- There are some many greats ! -RRB-
 I loved this movie even as I agree with some of the negative comments.My fav moment is when Page pulls the Link Wray Rumble single out and almost cries when it starts up . A tribute to the greatness that is Link Wray and a big kudo to the director for putting in the footage Of Link Wray playing . This glimpse of Page and his enthusiasm was unexpected and showed up several times and humanized him for me.I thought there was a great balance between the individual stories and the time together . Each of the players showed their personalities . Ultimately each could be a movie in themselves . Jack as the young gun , overly self conscious at times and a mad genius when playing . His playing the records by The Flat Duo Jets and Son House show his respect for his influences and I totally disagree with the reviewer who says he ripped them off . Page ripped off more riffs than any other rock guitaist alive , but it does n't make him any less great . When you really think about it The Edge may be the only one truly doing something unique here by not playing the white boy blues.Bonus Clips are almost better than the movie . Kashmir and Seven Nation Army are both great . I loved the concentration on everyones face as they put it together . I definately felt the chemistry between Jack and Page . Both were very quick to pick up the others songs . It should n't be a surprise because of Page 's session man background and Jack constantly collaborating with others . This was where The edge seemed out of his league . Anyone who ca n't hear the Zep influence in Jack 's playing is not listening very hard . I always think people who liked Zep should like the White Stripes , but from a look at these reviews I see it 's a pipe dream . The White Stripes are agrressive , raw , primitve and all over the place . Blues dragged through punk rock and self indulgent as hell.The Edge is the Edge . His style never really overlaps either of the others yet when his guitar begins to ring out the Sunday Bloody Sunday chords and he reminds us of his punk rock influences it still demands respect . He seems to be really interested in exploring the guitar while holding onto his own style with a death grip.Each player has his own baggage . Page appears gentlemanly until you remember about the `` Hammer of the Gods '' and how debased Rock stardom was from that era . The two younger players dismiss the generation before them yet stand in awe of Jimmy when he rips it up . Each rebelled against the generation before them yet they both wandered down ther own rabbit holes of technology and equipment for the Edge and `` authenticity '' for Jack.I ultimately like the choice of guitarists , probably because I love the music of each and I like the generational aspect.The blues conection between Page and White is ultimately the most intersting part of the movie and would not have been there with different guitarists . I would love to hear those two make an album . Jimmy could use a little fire under his arse and Jack could focus his incredible talent.Ultimately I want to thank the person who left Page his first guitar . Muldoon for playing and working with Jack White as an upholsterer and Larry Mullen Jr.for putting up the band notice to start U2 . The world would be lacking a lot of great music otherwise .
 If you play guitar or aspire to this is a must see . I loved the difference in styles of three generations of guitarists .
 I 've always been a huge Jimmy Page fan . This documentary has made me a Jack White and Edge fan as well .
 Rare insight of how guitarists tick , with actual footage of the personal historical perspective . Identify with these proven musical geniuses
 Item as described and quick shipment . wo n't let me enter just that so here are more words so I can submit .
 If you like Jimmy Page , Jack White , or The Edge , it will be difficult not to like this movie . `` It Might Get Loud '' shows the charm and charisma that all three of these men possess in excess . It also displays their potent talent over and over again , much to my delight . The film is not perfect , it does get a bit sappy from time to time , usually when trying to connect the stories of the three together instead of letting their stories stand as they are , unconnected . Overall though , it 's a tremendous film . It does feel like Jack White runs away with the film to a degree . He has the only acted part in the whole movie , tears it up with an improvised Diddley Bow electric slide guitar , comes up with an original song for the film in just minutes , and is usually the lead vocalist when the three play together . If you like Jack White , this is a must see . If you like any of the three , you should probably watch it too .
 This is an interesting documentary for music lovers , especially Baby Boomers like my husband and I . He is a guitarist , so when I saw this film on a recent flight -LRB- yes , I thought it was an eclectic choice for an in-flight movie , too ! -RRB- , I knew I had to get it for his birthday . We watched the movie , and listened to it , through our killer audio system , and really enjoyed it ! By the way , my favorite guitarist of the three featured is still Jimmy Page , but it was fun to see how the three guitarists interacted.Music Lover
 Gives you the background of three different generations of guitar heroes . Would have liked a little more of all three jamming together . But still worth the cost if you are a rock music person .
 If you have any appreciation for the guitar , then you should love this blu-ray . Three excellent guitarists -LRB- Jimmy Page , The Edge & Jack White -RRB- all talk about what guitar playing and it 's influnence in rock music means to them , as well as a few demonstrations of their abilities . They also provide input on what inspired them to write certain songs , notably Page talking about how he came to write Kashmir , curiously only in the extras . I do n't know why this clip was left out of the theatrical release . All in all , and excellent buy for any guitar lover .
 DVD is of excellent quality and was delivered as promised . The purchase was `` pre-release '' and thewas lowered between purchase and shipping dates . I was refunded the difference .
 This is one of the best rock documentaries I 've seen . The talent that is showcased , and the candid nature of the film keeps me wanting more . A must have for any music lover .
 This is truly an amazing documentary not just about the electric guitar but how it really speaks . Hearing about 3 musicians from different eras and different styles and how the guitar effected them is amazing . I love Jack White and Jimmy Page , but not such a huge Edge fan . Their stories were the most catching to me but maybe because I am a bit biased to them . If you like music even a bit you need to watch this movie .
 I love this film!After watching it I wish I had learned how to play guitar!As a huge u2 fan I enjoyed the insight into thier music that this film provided.The only negative is that the film is too short !
 I recommend this movie to any music fan . You do not have to be a fan of the three gentlemen to appreciate what is on screen . Being a diehard U2 fan I especially enjoyed the segments with The Edge . His visit to Mount Temple Comprehensive School was a moving experience to watch.The fact the U2 have stayed together over four decades is an amazing feat . I only wish I could have seen more ! To watch Jack White and The Edge look on in awe as Mr.Page played the riffs of Zeppelin was classic ! They looked like school boys watching one of their idols . This is a great movie for anyone who appreciates the electric guitar and its place in rock and roll history .
 I had not heard Jack White , except briefly in Glastonbury Festival DVD as White Stripes with his sister Meg on drums . I knew Page of course & everyone knows Bono . I believe the previews were exactly what was delivered , and then some . I loved the behind-the-scenes footage , especially showing White building a guitar on a piece of wood using ONE wire and a coke bottle to play it , while a cow lazily chews its cud next to him in a rural field in England ! I could immediately tell that not only had White done his homework by studying from the masters of blues , he had talent the likes of which we rarely see -LRB- eg . Stevie Ray Vaughan , Jimmy Hendrix -RRB- . The video does seem to focus more on White & Page second , very little of Bono before the jam session.What 's interesting is that as Page was playing guitar , he made the exact same facial expressions he did over 30 years ago in Song Remains the Same live performance , I watched both the same week , and noticed he has n't changed how much he LOVES playing guitar , or his passion about music . The 3 men meet on a built-up stage similar to a wresting ring without the rope , up off the main floor . Each has his little setup , equipment , effects hardware & guitars , amps , etc. . At 1st they all stay in their own little areas , but as they start to play , one by one , they each get excited about what the other can do , wanting to learn from each other , as in `` I always wondered how you did that '' . Bono is the most humble it seems , as he keeps telling us if it were n't for his effects pedals , he 'd be playing a repeated boring bass guitar sound -- anything BUT boring , either way . We get to see how Bono makes the sounds & the fact that he plays differently EVERY time . Of course , both younger axe men get the most excited when Page plays , truly in awe and wanting to learn some tricks of the trade -- in fact all 3 share numerous tips & secrets , with each other , & us vicariously.For those who love jam sessions , when anything can & does happen musically , when 3 of the greatest guitarists get together , it 's music heaven . The viewer feels as if present with them , just as excited as they are to play , and as we are to hear the original music these three make TOGETHER , jamming & truly loving what they are doing , which shows through all they do on this film.There was NO script , that 's why the lead up was suspenseful , because no one knew what to expect , throwing 3 greats in a room on a stage together with NO direction , no goal , just It MIGHT Get Loud , and it does n't take long for them to develop a rapport . The initial nervousness may have been a result of the self-doubt many -LRB- even famous ! -RRB- artists feel about their work , and wondering how they will be judged by musicians they believe are BETTER than they are , which may or may not be true , it 's a mindset of humility in the presence of someone they admire & respect , perhaps even emulate . This is true of Page , for the up & comers , as it is for the newer musicians . No egos get in the way of a fantastic , one of a kind , never to be repeated , jam session experience . :--RRB- One will never regret buying this DVD/movie , for it will be watched with the same pleasure repeatedly over the years . Plus , how long has it been since we 've heard ANY thing LIVE from Led Zeppelin ? Too long ! Here 's your chance to see & hear Page in his element , the same goes for all of them , as they soon forget the cameras , the audience , everything but the music . However , this is one experience WE will never forget .
 Presenting fantastic interviews with guitar god Jimmy Page , sound pioneer The Edge , and ... . some guy who plays derivative blues-rock of about the caliber you could find by waltzing into any guitar store in the Western World.Never having heard of Jack White , I watched some videos of his bands on YouTube . Okay , standard mediocre white kid doing electric blues ... WHY is he in this ... ? White 's presence was not made more tolerable by his unbroken posture of condescension.P.s . - Yes , I 'm a self-identified old fuddy-duddy .
 No question anyone who likes their rock music via guitar must see this film.My only bit I was n't happy with was the pick of Jack White , he lacks reallyany deep creative flow with the guitar . He gets a kick playing the most beatup guitars he can find and even better so a guitar out of tune seems to makehis mind a well of musical constipation . `` Please '' this does n't make sense and the2 pros take it in stride however you can see they look a little confused as to hisaproach on such an instrument ... To each their own but another pick would haveput a little more flame to the film . I should make it clear Rory Gallagher howevercan pick any old junk guitar and make it sing to the heavens but you wo n't find himwhen alive or in the heavens playing it out of tune.I 'm sure a few will rant but I do n't care as I play guitar and understand at leastin how it should be aproached in terms of playing it , not with a bunch of food on thestrings ...
 This docu is definitely worth it for the Jimmy Page bits . I do n't know much about Jack Black , though `` The Edge '' is too much of a retard to even have a conversation with Jimmy Page . seriously , `` The Edge '' is like at .01 % competence on guitar to Jimmy Page . `` The Edge '' , We get that you like echo on yer guitar sound . well done .
 I bought this as a gift for my fianc&eacute; , who is a bass player and he LOVED IT :-RRB- . The price was great and the product was in perfect condition ! I was very pleased and recommend this product to anyone who enjoys these musicians : -RRB-
 If you like music and guitars , this documental is just for you ! It features Jimmy Page -LRB- Led Zeppelin -RRB- , The Edge -LRB- U2 -RRB- , and Jack White -LRB- The White Stripes -RRB- doing what they know best ! You might want to see this 3 generations of musicians playing together . Just remember , this is n't a live concert , it 's a documentary , so it has awesome parts , and it might get a bit ... not dull , but , you know ... it 's a documental.hope this was useful !
 This is a gem of a film . To see the creative process of these men was remarkable ! I highly recommend it .
 This is a great insight into the music of giants . I absolutely recommend this to anyone who loves rock . For the record it 's worth a lot more than it cost . Buy this you wo n't regret it !
 This documentary was very fun to watch . The only downside is that The Edge was the representative of the 1980 's .
 so perfect , jimmy page he is the perfect guitar player ... . AND jack he is the new wave ... nice I like it son much
 I thought that this was a fantastic and well produced film and I enjoy watching it over and over . Some of the negative reviews that I read on this movie before I bought it were people expressing disappointment in the fact that you do n't get to see that much of Jimmy , Edge , and Jack playing together . This is true so if you 're hoping for some sort of a concert/performance video of these three then this movie is probably not for you . What it does give you is a very fun and interesting look at the characters behind the music and how they became who they are . I think what I enjoy the most is the insight into the emotions and the thought process that goes into how they play guitar and how they write music . There are plenty of great sound clips and performances too which really come to life with the included narrative . I also love the interaction between the three and the jam session at the end is worth the wait . I love rock documentaries and this one is one that I 'm very pleased to have in my library .
 Great gift to give to the person that has everything and loves all things related to music . Awesome movie . The way the movie is filmed it is as though you are sitting around with the legendary artists .
 Other musicians should buy this video and take notes on how to make great music . Just goes to show that there is still real talent out there these days .
 I have watched this movie several times , and still look forward to seeing it again . While it is of course about guitarists , there is a very strong , positive message -LRB- not even concealed -RRB- behind the story , which is very much about creativity , passion and professionalism . I recommend this to anyone working in a creative field who is sometimes in need of an energy boost . Even those who definitely do not like rock music should at least consider this , since it is not just about the music .
 Over the summer I saw this Documentary . It had been given to a teenage guy as he is a huge fan of Jack White and totally into guitar.I knew I had to order it for my husband who is such a fan of really good guitar musicians . He was so excited that I had picked this out for him . I really enjoyed it as well . You wo n't be disappointed at all . This is for any age . Turn it up and let it rip !
 Anyone who loves music should see this . From the opening scene where Jack builds a guitar to Jimmy Page -LRB- the best ! -RRB- and his smooth as silk movements to The Edge and his passion for a better world . See it . Buy it . Pass it on .
 I liked it . Very entertaining . I enjoyed viewing it very much.Very informative on the guitar sound subject matter and the musicians personalities.I was especially impressed with Jimmy Page . Very articulate , balanced and happy . A great example of a person who is / was immersed in a rock and roll lifestyle and emerged as a mature human being.I would recommend this DVD to all music fans , including kids .
 Extremely well filmed and produced video about the creative process and the genius behind some of the great guitar sounds of the last few decades . In addition , the video demonstrates well what Gladwell describes as the path to ` genius ' . These guys breath music with every breath and have such passion and devotion to the art that their genius just easily followed . Their time and dedication to the art form created the soundtrack to many lives and inspired countless others to build upon their legacy . A great movie - I wished it was another hour or two longer .
 Own a copy of this ... A look at influential guitarists across 3 generations and what inspired their styles ... great concept + great subjects = fantastic DVD ... I could have listened to Jimmy Page for another 2 hours - would love to see the unedited cut of this one ...
 This video takes you `` backstage '' with Page , Edge , and White to see some of their creative processes . It inspired me to write more music .
 This music documentary is ABOUT guitars ! -LRB- the electric guitar precisely -RRB- So do n't get angry when you watch this and all three guitarist are talking about their guitar , the unique sound it produces , and how they like to incorporate that sound into their music . Because that 's exactly what its about ! They just chose these three men because they are talented with their instruments . During the documentary the men also speak about their journey and past performances and experience . Some , -LRB- Jack White especially -RRB- speak about there past before being discovered and what life was like growing up . So if your a huge Jack White fan your gon na love this film . If you love the music of these three guitarist , culture , guitars , or music in general your gon na LOVE this film ! And it also helps if your a huge fan of one , two , or all three of these guiarist and/or the bands they 've been in . So if you decide to purchase this film , sit back , listen to the music , hear their stories , and prepare to be inspired to make some noise and create something that is uniquely yours !
 Unlike most documentaries , we will watch this over and over . Admittedly we are fans of all three bands , but we were wholly entertained and educated by this movie . I think it could have been improved by showing at least a few entire songs ; or at least offer an extended cut on the flipside of the disc . Basically it was too short , considering the effort to get these guys together !
 I fell in love with this movie in the first minute.I fell in love with this movie simply from the title ... it MIGHT get loud.I fell in love with this movie because in my mind music is what 's there when there are no words.What I love about this movie is its simplicity . It 's a love affair with music ... specifically the electric guitar ... and three of its hereos
 A rather strange trio to throw together , but what great fun to listen and watch them play together . No big revelations other than I have a lot more respect for the edge as an artist than I did before . I hope when I 'm Page 's age I can still play at all ; the man still rocks . Jack White is a nut . `` Go on !! Pick a fight with it !!!! '' If you buy this movie with no expectations other than to be thoroghly entertained you 'll do just fine , just get a beer , crank up the surround sound and enjoy .
 I enjoyed this , mainly for the insight into the musical creative process and the different approaches taken by each of these musicians . Watching and listening to them discuss this process was fascinating , and really opens up their music a bit . I wish there was more footage of the three of them together , as that interaction was the highlight of the film for me , though watching Jimmy Page air jam to Link Wray 's Rumble was certainly a magic moment . This film makes for some nice entertainment for fans of these musicians .
 I loved the Jimmy Page segments . I liked Jack White 's comments about his growing up where guitar was n't cool , cramming two drumsets into his tiny bedroom , his upholstery shop music lessons , the immediately built primitive guitar made out of a 2X4 , etc. . Edge seemed nervous or even somehow out of his league . He comes off as a technocrat . I own a lot of U2 albums but I do n't listen to them much any more . I like Edge as a human being - he has come up with some good songs and sounds ... but in this movie , I get the sense that Page and White are the real artists . Or that their muse is more immediately accessible to them without technology . Page is God in the rock guitar world - let 's face it . Regardless of all the hype about Hendrix , when it comes to music I care to actually * listen * to , Page is head and shoulders about Hendrix . Before you blast me - opinions vary - it 's just my opinion . As far as the Jack White haters go - the only thing I found phoney about Jack White was having that younger version pseudo-doppleganger of him that he would talk to - that seemed a bit puzzling / contrived . The guru here who passes on wisdom freely and effortlessly - without ego - is Page . I notice that when Page shows Kashmir -LRB- in the extras -RRB- , that White seems to pick it up and try it and `` gets '' it quicker than Edge . All that being said , I would gladly see any of these 3 guitarists in concert .
 A very well made movie about 3 iconic guitar players different styles for each . Jimmy Page is still such a classy guitarist .
 I did n't expect a concert film and am glad it was much more than that . I 've been around for a few decades
 I just liked the price , delivery and the movie has long wanted to see it complete with deleted scenes . And excellent image quality and sound . An excellent buy for those who like this kind of movie . Thanks .
 Although I 'm not a fan of The Edges ' work , the mix between these three musicians is amazing . A must see for any guitar player , musician , or fan of rock and roll .
 Always fascinating to eavesdrop on artists ' creative influences and process . The movie could have been longer and I would n't have minded a bit . I guess Davis Guggenheim took a page from the guitarists ' book -- always leave 'em wanting more . A must see for those who love music and / or these guitarists .
 I absolutely love Led Zeppelin best band to walk the earth IMO . So needless to say it was a complete thrill to see Jimmy on the big screen . Like someone else had mentioned when we went to the theatre to see it , when it was over no one wanted to get up it was so riveting . It is a fantastic documentary but having Jimmy in it made it all that much better . He is so elegant & humble even though he is a guitar genius !
 if u are a music fan , a guitar music fan , this is for u ! three generations of guitar players.but not just playting , telling the story of what makes them tick as a guitar player and how they discovered the guitar . i want to see a part 2 with paul mccartny , david gilmore , and who for a 3rd ???
 This movie rocks ! Three different genres of electric guitar - jimmy page -LRB- rock -RRB- , the edge -LRB- techno -RRB- and jack white -LRB- delta -RRB- . Awesome .
 My Husband and his friends have been guitar players for over 40 years . This `` Docu '' / interview/music session with three of the worlds greatest guitar players is inspiring , entertaining and amazing.I bought copies for all of them and we have really enjoyed watching ours and sharing it with friends and family.I have been a Jack White fan for many years and he has put this together in his own style.An absolute must for musicians of any age !
 When I first started watching this it seemed a little weird , but I did n't know who Jack White was and it seemed to start out slow . The next thing I know I 'm completely absorbed and feel like I 'm sitting in the room with them . I now have it in my collection as one of those movies that give me that wonderful feeling I get when I go to a live concert and just feel so happy to be there . Check it out on one of the premium channels if you 're not sure , then HAVE it in your collection .
 I saw this at the movie store , and just decided to buy it instead . It 's a fantastic journey with three talented musicians ... a must see for any music fan .
 I HAVE WATCHED THIS DOCUMENTARY SO MANY TIMES I FORGET THE COUNT . IT IS TRULY FASCINATING , AND A JOYOUS COMBINATION OF TALENT , GIFTEDNESS , AND LOVE OF THE GUITAR AND MUSIC ITSELF.TO WATCH THESE THREE MEN COME TOGETHER AND SHARE THEIR LOVE OF THEIR CRAFT IS SO REVEALING AND SO MUCH A GIFT TO THOSE OF US WHO LOVE THE MUSIC.I BECAME SO INTRIQUED BY EACH ONE SHARING HIS STYLE , HIS EXPERIENCE , HIS CONSISTENT PURSUIT OF THAT SOUND , THAT ESSENCE THAT WOULD BE JUST RIGHT.THANK YOU TO JIMMIE PAGE , THE EDGE AND JACK WHITE FOR GIVING TO US SUCH A PROFOUND EXPERIENCE .
 This film is a must see for anybody who loves guitar and especially anybody loves the music of Led Zeppelin , U2 or The White Stripes . The conversations and insights shared between the three greats is really special . It did at first seem like an unusual choice and there 's obviously a lot of other guitarists to choose from who are technically stronger and play more like virtuosos but I think that 's the point of the film
 I already was interested in guitars etc. when I purchased this DVD . It is so much more . It is really about the essence of creativity . It also does a great job illustrating how different life perspectives influence the creative process . A really fun to watch and inspiring film .
 very well produced ... great musiciansif you enjoy the guitar or rock at all , you will like this
 What happens if The Edge , lead guitarist of U2 ; Jack White , guitarist and singer of The White Stripes and of The Raconteurs ; and Jimmy Page , forming member and lead guitarist of Led Zeppelin get together and tune their guitars for a jam session ? It might get loud . This casual meeting between three strong character guitarists was arranged by director Davis Guggenheim , who accompanied their chitchat with a camera . The outcome of the shoptalk can be seen in the rockumentary `` It Might Get Loud '' . This production was not Davis Guggenheim 's first attempt in this genre . He is experienced and award-winning in shooting documentaries , having produced the 2007 Oscar-winning documentary `` An Inconvenience Truth '' . In his latest masterpiece `` It Might Get Loud '' Guggenheim provides insight into the life of guitar heroes of three generations . By the choice of Jimmy Page , The Edge and Jack White the producer manages to bridge guitar history , present and future . All three participants give away internal details on their own progress as guitarists , their bands ' successes and they show each other some tricks that give their play a personal touch.Without having any expectations , the protagonists bring their guitars and meet in Warner Brothers ' Burbank Studios in California . Here , making themselves comfortable on a plain stage in an abandoned hall , they exchange experiences , wallow in memories , listen to their favourite music and together they play their most famous tracks . This stage serves as the movie 's key element . Each story that is told on there is jazzed up by visual and of course auditory exhibits such as concert records , original tape-records , photographs from the musicians ' private archives and authentic home movie cuttings . Additionally , the protagonists are accompanied by the camera when returning to places that mark important watersheds in the their lives . The Edge abducts the audience to Ireland . He wanders through his old school `` Mount Temple '' , where his band U2 was formed , and stops by `` the War House '' , where the rehearsal for the album War took place in 1983 . Jack White , being the rookie of the three , looks back his life and still young career in an old , remote farmhouse in Tennessee . By choosing this location , the producer supports White 's strong connection to plain , simple blues . The ` guru ' of the group , Jimmy Page , returns to Headley Grange in England , where today 's highly praised 4th album of Led Zeppelin was recorded . The audience is privileged to get a guided tour through the hallowed halls that are responsible for the often imitated sound of the successful rock band.Sitting together on the stage , taking a trip down memory lane , the artists talk about musical idols and inspirations , and their first steps as musicians , their `` rock ` n ' roll breastfeeding '' with Jimmy Page and Jack White introduce their favourite music including songs from Son House or Link Wray . Of course one topic must not be missing in the conversation
 Just passing by to inform that I received a version of this blu-ray with different subtitles and language than advertised on the products page . I dont know how this work but I noticed that the disc was shipped from Germany and it includes portuguese subtitles what is very good because I 'm from Brazil . What I am trying to tell here is that I think Amazon looks for the perfect version of the blu-ray disc to send you depending from where you buy them . Does anyone know if this is true ? Anyway , thanks Amazon .
 WEll I was a bit skeptical - how exciting could a `` documentary about the guitar '' be ? Well , quite exciting , actually.The true style and unique qualities of each guitarist really shine through . I 've definitely developed a new appreciation for the Edge and Jack White through this film . The only downside of the film is that the Edge often looks very out of place . He 's more of a musician and sound artist than a guitarist - he 's not as skilled at the 6-string as White and Page.In my opinion , Jimmy Page is the single best guitarist of all time , and it definitely showed in this documentary . The moment he lifted his guitar and began playing a few riffs , the Edge and White became the apprentices - learners trying to fit in with a seasoned master . Page himself is 66 now , but he can still shred like he could in the Zeppelin days . It is easy to tell from Pages white hair , permanent calmness and peaceful demeanor that he has totally mastered his craft.The film is filled with music , and some great scenes . Among the most memorable scenes are those of Page 's playing - including his incredible performance of Ramble On , Whole Lotta Love , and Battle for Evermore -LRB- on the mandolin -RRB- . He 's lost nothing with age.The commentary by the three subjects of the film are articulate and poetic - supported by the astoniching music they 've each created.If you have any interest in the Edge , Jack White or Jimmy Page , you will do yourself a great favor by seeing this film . It far surpassed any of the highest expectations I could have possible had .
 Not surprised that The Edge is more of a computerized guitar player while Page and White are the real deal . Page was mesmerizing and many times White and Edge watched him with wide eyes . The highlight of the three of them playing together was when they played slide guitar . Edge seemed to be somewhat lost but Page and White were especially hot together . Just a fun time while watching these guitarists perform and tell stories .
 LOVE this documentary . Three legends . I hope they do another . Received in wonderful condition as promised . Thank you so much .
 This is a wonderful documentary , fascinating and insightful . If you want to feel like you 're in the same room with these incredible musicians , this is the movie for you !
 Awesome documentary ; really enjoyed their stories about guitar as a way of life!Definitively recommended for guitar fans!Jimmy is fantastic even with a grey hair
 Great entertainment . Can almost feel the electricity watching it ! Jimmy Page , Edge and Jack White ... 3 of the best . Their love of creating music is well displayed in this movie .
 I was amazed with this film . Three talented individuals ... just making magic happen before your eyes . Three unique styles ... but it meshes perfectly .
 It Might Get Loud is just awesome . If you 're looking for some candid behind the scenes expose , epic procedural dissection or handbook of how these guys do it , or a intricate timeline of rock history - you 're barking up the wrong tree.There 's the nice arc of seeing the old innovator Page and his journey from Brit radio pop and orchestra backup guitar on Bond 's Goldfinger who , in the end , only wanted to play the blues . You learn Edge running off with that sense of innovation in the decades following to absolute madness tuning his synth . And you learn the pendulum swings back to where it came with Jack and his drive to just play his favorite blues song over and over while dressing up in red clothes so he would n't be `` just another white boy '' blues band . Interesting stuff without a forced narrative or script , you do n't even need to watch . Just pop the movie in and go about your house chores with the sound all the way up . The movie really is just about the music.It 's worth it and then some to see Jack and Edge just star struck like a couple of four-year-olds seeing Santa Claus for the first time when Jimmy rips off Whole Lotta Love . Just priceless .
 this is a great item . happy to have this for collection . would recommend it to anyone that is a fan of them .
 Being in my 60 's , I remember when music &#34; got loud &#34; , and when &#34; regular rock &#34; became &#34; acid rock &#34; . This video vividly conveyed the concept of &#34; it 's in my head &#34; and how the music came to be composed.This movie , seen at the behest of our 30-something son , was a pleasure .
 absolutely awesome guitar playing 3 legends at work must see viewing play it loud and play it often jimmy page and the edge are fantastic 10/10
 I was unable to catch this when it was first on TV . I came across it online and was finally able to see it . It was awesome . I immediately ordered one here off of Amazon . I do n't really follow David Evans , and I am not that much into guitar effects , so Jack White and Jimmy Page are the draws for me . But the entire show is filmed very well with a pleasant style . It also goes to show that people who work hard at something all their lives deserve the rewards . These three guys have worked their tails off to get where they are . This should really get 6 stars .
 I borrowed one of this for months . I got addicted . I am a drummer . But this is history . The god Jimmy Page telling his history its like listening to Merlin and his miracles.Plus , I became a fan of Jack White .
 So interesting . From a guitarist 's point of view , it is so fun to see how each guitarist developed their technique . I highly recommend this from a novice to expert guitarist . What a great flick !
 3 of my favs with decades of talent between them - The jam sessions they have together & the different styles they each have musically are just so incredible to witness ! I highly reccommend this DVD to anyone that 's a fan of any one of the 3 !!! Just Awesome !!!
 Got this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he absolutely loves it . It is a must see for any guitar player . The content is really intriguing and entertaining . Anyone who enjoys making and listening to music would love it . Jack White makes a guitar from a soda bottle , a wire , and some other bits and pieces that will amaze you !
 The last 15 minutes are worth the price when Page schools the Edge and Jack in a little promptu slide guitar jam . Ive lent mine out so many times if its not down there ill buy again the closing of them jamming to the weight with the entire production crew just standing there listening was very cool Anyway it just shows you who is really the king of guitar players hands down and how you would give anything just to hang with him for a few days Probably as close as you will ever get
 Well , Jimmy Pate makes this film come alive . Something about the touch of stringed instruments is sensual , commanding-even a weapon of war or protest . It can make you dream , fall in love , remember lost love , observe the love that past you by-it all comes from the heart.And elder statesman of the guitar , Jimmy Page selects 2 guys who have completely different styles . Are they good ? Yes , in their own way-they are killers and very passionate . What I liked was the humor and self-deprecating manner . The wit , the smiles , the ` oh yes ... I get it-how lovely '' , feelings and the mutual admiration . Watch Page , as he studies the `` Young Turks '' , with the smile and penetrating eyes.Jiimmy Page is generous with his secrets , as time permits . White and The Edge , warm to Jimmy 's candid take on music and how he shrugs off tunes like , `` Stairway To Heaven '' , as he does a nice demo on his double-neck Gibson SG with a 12 string and 6 string neck.This has to be one of the best guitar -LRB- and even if you do n't play -RRB- and most enjoyable DVDs on music . Nice to see , the musical roots that Jack White explains , in his musical development.Imagine installing a custom harmonica microphone for his vocals that pulls right out of the body of a modified guitar he designed . And the distortion with melodic overtones , on Jack 's voice , issomething to behold . All three men , are highly intelligent -LRB- Page really shines here -RRB- and creative composers.This is superior to any concert film you may see , because it is personal and intimate . Watch the expressions of the other two , while one makes hisnarrative . Yes , turn it up loud , own it , but here is the big point-watch it multiple times . The brain can not simply absorb all that is going on here . Einstein said 11 times to understand even the basic ideas . I would say 30 times , to really get into what this music documentary is trying to say . And Lord , it is beautiful .
 My husband and i saw this movie in theaters , and it instantly became a favorite . I sat around waiting for it to come out on DVD , just in time for Christmas . I was never a huge U2 fan -LRB- like my husband -RRB- , but i have always loved Led Zeppelin and Jack White -LRB- in all of his bands -RRB- . Even if i were n't familiar with all of these guitar players , i think i would have loved this film . The stories these three tell could relate to artists of any form . -LRB- I 'm a ballet dancer , and much of what was said in the movie was very inspiring to me as a dancer . -RRB- This movie made for some great conversations over the holidays between me and my other family members from various generations and with diverse musical tastes . A requirement for any artist , or anyone who loves good music .
 This movie was awesome . Jack White really surprised me with his ingenuity and creativity . The Edge ... let 's just say that I always knew he was good , but his use of effects is completely amazing . I have a new respect for him . And Jimmy Page . The Master ! Nuff said.All in all , I am very pleased to own the Blu Ray edition of It Might Get Loud .
 I also saw this in a theater and when it was over , it was clear no one wanted to leave the room , we all would have been content to spend the rest of the afternoon and evening with these 3 guys . One of my fav moments is when Jimmy Page starts the opening notes of Whole Lotta Love - the looks on the Edge 's face , and Jack White 's face in particular are priceless
 It 's hard to put into words just how riveting this documentary is . If you are a fan of Led Zeppelin , U2 , or Jack White -LRB- who I had never heard of before this film -RRB- you will want to watch this over and over . Some of the coolest parts
 I caught this limited release documentary in the theater and can not wait to see it again and to gift it to every guitar-loving friend I know . `` It Might Get Loud '' is ridiculously , thunderously , deliciously good . If you love music , if you love guitars , if you love the creative process , you 'll love watching while the boys pull back the curtain on their first guitars , on falling in love with music and on how it all comes together.Some of the highlights ; the Edge at the bulletin board where he first spotted ` Larry 's ' ad for musicians , the grown-up Jack White talking to little Jack White and getting to see Jimmy 's face light up when he starts talking about the music . It 's all just fabulous.And when it was all over , I was just so glad that I play the guitar -- until I remembered , uh ... I do n't . But they do . And their enthusiasm and appreciation is just so infectious , you 'll be running home to grab your imaginary Fender .
 You know the one I mean . Edge and White are sitting there -- one a bonafide superstar guitar hero in his own right , and the other a new kid on the rise , representing the newest wave . But both , regardless of their obvious age differences , are once again 15-year-old kids , listening to music way past their bedtime , sitting in mesmerized awe , thinking `` I never thought I 'd ever get to see THIS , 2 feet in front of my face '' -- as Mr. James Page , in whose presence they both suddenly , terrifyingly realize they are MOST unworthy , lets loose with `` Whole Lotta Love '' . At that moment , Edge , White , you , and I are equals -- mere mortals in the presence of a god .
 I like all three guys , and all three bands they are most famously known with . While the obvious climax of a documentary about three guitarists is a jam session , I think it 's a mistake to head in that direction . I read here of guys who bemoan more music , less talk . I also read about how this was a poor combination of guitar players . While I may personally prefer a trifecta consisting of John McLaughlin , Lee Rinaldo , and Thor , the combo given in `` It May Get Loud '' made perfect sense to me . In a way , it 's really the story of how Page 's legacy splits into two directions generations later.How do I know this ? It 's on their faces when they get together , talk shop , and trade riffs . Jimmy Page 's roots are in the Delta blues , which were born from Slave songs and prison work chants . Jack White talked about that same raw soul that one hears in Son House , which led to Robert Johnson , Muddy Waters , Howlin Wolf . All Page 's heroes as well . The Edge , from a Brian Eno era , seems removed from it all . Not in a bad way , but you can definitely see his blank expression when the other two go into it . But the Edge is basically a logical progression of Page 's electronic experimentation with the echoplex , theramin , bowed guitar , leslie speakers and recording studio tricks . Jack White is the raw , soulful , bluesy side of Page 's playing in Zeppelin and the Yardbirds . When White is banging away at his guitar , you can definitely see how much more Page digs it.The documentary tries to make this correlation , but not outwardly . I think it gives enough `` scrapbook '' moments from each guy and each band to keep everyone happy . For those cantankerous reviewers who grumble that there 's not enough Jimmy Page and who in the world are those two other guys ... careful ... your age may be showing.Besides , for any true lover of Jimmy Page 's playing , I ca n't see why they wo n't love the other two blokes .
 Jimmy Page -LRB- Led Zeppelin , The Yardbirds , and solo career -RRB- , The Edge -LRB- U2 -RRB- , and Jack White -LRB- The White Stripes and Raconteurs -RRB- get together to talk and play guitar . Does anyone that loves guitar need to know more ? These three guitarists are from totally different schools of playing - Page is all about the sound and which guitar he plays ; The Edge is all about the technology and sound effects ; and White is all about playing with anything that he can get his hands on -LRB- he says , I have this guitar with a bent neck and I work to make great sound with it -RRB- . They are three different generations of guitar players . To have these three play together and make gorgeous music is incredible . The three styles end up working together beautifully.December 26 , 2010 update
 I 'm a music teacher in a public school , I have a Rock Band class and found out about the movie from one of my students . I was n't familiar with Jack White 's music nor was I a huge fan of the Edge but as a devoted Zeppelin fan I was in it just to see the insights that Page would offer to the conversation . Like another reviewer said , I was hooked , I did n't want to leave nor did I want them to leave . I sat around and watched all the extras in the first sitting just trying to get them to stay around a little longer . I brought the movie in to school and we watched it as a part of class . Even non-guitar players in the group really liked the movie more for the insights into the musical beginnings that each player offered . The stories that the Edge told were an almost exact re-telling of the kids in our Rock Band , what a way to inspire new musicians!The closet-groupie in me was psyched to get a glimpse at Jimmy 's music rooms and a glimpse into his everyday life . It really drew in the viewer in a way that no Zeppelin film ever could . The early footage of the group recording at Headley Grange and of Jimmy in his session days was worth the price of admission.Some complain about the selection of guitarists for this film . After watching it for the 3rd time I can understand why the 3 were chosen . They were n't necessarily chosen for their technical skill but for what they 've done for the guitar in their respective time periods . Page was one of the innovators of rock guitar in the 60s and 70s , Edge was an innovator in his use of effects and creating that shimmering 80s sound . Jack White just does n't have much competition these days , sure plenty of folks are still playing guitar but many are emulating SRV or the sounds of Page , Beck , Clapton or Hendrix . He 'll get the younger generation involved and he 's developing his own sound , just as the others had.With all that said , I felt like there was a lot more I would have liked to have heard them talk about . Some questions that us guitar players -LRB- who do n't have our own guitar techs -RRB- would have liked to have heard the answers to as far as tone , amps , pickups , etc. . I 'm sure these things were n't touched upon as much because the folks doing the talking already have that sort of thing figured out . Maybe a sequel ? Just let me know , I 've got plenty of topics for discussion in mind ; - -RRB- All in all a great movie and well worth a place in your library whether you 're a guitarist , fan or someone looking to make it in the world of rock .
 When I heard this documentary was out , I was itching to see it and then I got delayed . I started getting worried but I checked the theater and they still had it running once a day . HURRAY I would n't miss it and was going that day . THE GUITAR GENIUSES WERE PLAYING & I WAS SEEING THEM ! And let me tell you , it was everything I expected and MORE!I am a longtime U2 fan and WHO IS N'T a Led Zeppelin fan ?? Jack White is kind of new to me , but the film is going for past , present and future generations of rock guitar expertise and that is exactly what is achieved . As another reviewer expressed , it is quite a thing to see the faces of Edge & White marveling at what Page is talking about , playing etc. . He IS the GOD up there in the trio , who can make the guitar do things no one else I 've ever heard yet do since Page has run his fingers across guitar strings . NO ONE . There are many , many truly talented guitar players out there who I would include in a list WITH Page , but Page set the bar HIGH ENOUGH for all these other players to try and reach for ; he made them want to be THAT GOOD . And a small handful ARE that good . BECAUSE of Page.Now I 've heard people diss Edge , saying he was n't much a guitar player etc. . Well , I 'm a HUGE HUGE U2 fan and so I ALREADY know what Edge can do and how he does it . He creates multiple guitar parts for one song ; he hears it all in his head , uses several guitars in one song , and blends all the parts together to combine an AMAZINGLY masterful blend of guitar parts to express himself in JUST ONE SONG ! He , like a symphony writer , hears all the parts of what he wants to write and with his guitars and MASSIVE pedal board , creates magnificent sounds that are TRULY UNIQUE and unmatchable by anyone else in rock today . AND ONE MORE THING
 In 2009 , the documentary `` It Might Get Loud '' directed by David Guggenheim -LRB- `` Gossip '' , `` An Inconvenient Truth '' -RRB- made its way through the various film festivals.The documentary was created to highlight the electric guitar , so what best than to feature three iconic electric guitar musicians
 If you 're a rocker , young or old , you need to see/hear this . Incredible . Check bonus material .
 Sat on tenderhooks waiting for this DVD to arrive , and essentially it is a documentary on the guitar and its many sounds and influences over the years . Of course as a U2 fan my interest was the Edge 's effects pedals and how he invents his new sounds . Not only did he show us , but it was refreshing to see the demonstration delivered with such humility and humour . We were also treated to a tour of Mt. Temple School and the origins of the band , as well as some insights into the meaning of some of the songs.Jimmy Paige was great in explaining some of the difficulties encountered by bands of the 70 's era in trying to put down a quality recording and the stresses of touring whilst trying to re-create this music live . He notes that the worst reviews they ever received just happenned to be on the album with the most unduring songs - Stairway to Heaven , Whole Lotta Love etc.Jack White takes us back to his childhood , growing up in a large family with very little money , in a neighbourhood where you were outcast if you played guitar . He also demonstrated some very unique guitar inventions of his own . As the youngest person on this documentary he insists he is still a 9 year old kid trying to find his own direction . But it seems his directional influence goes back to the turn of the century blues artists who lived through some very tough times -LRB- to which he could easily relate -RRB- . If you have ever wondered what drives a person into a musical direction , this will shed some light .
 It 's a good idea
 I saw this 3 times in the theater and just knew i had to get this once it came out on DVD . Hope they bend and are able to make a soundtrack , but with so many different music on this dvd , i 'm sure it must be the hardest thing to get the rights to put all that music on the same cd . I , like many others was just starting to get into Jack White . I already loved Page and The Edge and thought i knew them , but this movie really introduces these guys -LRB- all three -RRB- to music lovers . It is fun and wonderful seeing the love of music these gentlemen have . I guess we all can think of other past , present and now guitarists that can be in these men 's places in this movie , Carlos Santana , Eric Clapton and so on . But for whatever reason , these three just seem to have been able to hit it off , their chemistry together is a once in a lifetime happening with three greats . It is a wonderfully inspiring film , for music lovers all around . Thanks Mr. Page , The Edge and Mr. White for a lovely time and teaching us and showing us what true musicians really are . Thanks .
 Fabulous documentary . Tough to put into words how well this dificult subject is managed without letting any one of these guys get completely outshined by the others -LRB- or alternately come off as a complete Rock God wankers ... -RRB- . You will leave with a much better understanding of why these 3 are so special and great choices . A GREAT film for any fan of music but man if you play guitar you really got ta see this . You 'll be talking w / your freinds about it for weeks . The Blu Ray is particicularly good looking -LRB- and understated in the soundstaging as well -RRB- . Also , like another reviewer said , the silly grin on Jack White & Edge 's face when Jimmy starts playing Whole Lotta Love -LRB- or alternately when Jack teaches the others to play 7 Nation Army -RRB- easily is worth the price of admission . Just really great stuff .
 I have seen this movie 3 times and I enjoy it each and every time.I always find something new that amazes and intrigues me.Anyone who doubts Jack White 's or the Edges 's Talent only needs to watch them hold their own with Jimmy Paige to show them how wrong they are .
 Me ha encantado el documental aunque si tuviera subtitulos en castellano mejor . Se lo recomiendo a todo el que desee disfrutar de un viaje a trav&eacute;s de la guitarra .
 I 'm a professional musician with a deep connection to the guitar . The best part ? So are the three guys here . Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin , Jack White from the White Stripes , and The Edge from U2 share many stories from their time as musicians and describe what it was like to discover the guitar as their &#34; calling &#34; in music . A great movie for any real musician , guitarist or not .
 Amazing documentary from three great unique and different guitarists . It goes get loud and it 's worth it . so worth it
 We saw this at the theater & loved it . It is ridiculous to have a word count requirement for a review . Makes me want to ignore review requests .
 Came in a timely manor and was just as described ...
 Led Zeppelin is my favorite band , but recently I have been listening to more White Stripes and Raconteurs . This was a perfect documentary to get more behind the scenes of their music . Jimmy Page 's and Jack White 's creativity is amazing ! The Edge does n't quite fit among these legends ; I would have preferred to see Dan Auerbach with them .
 I normally just watch a blu-ray or video once on Netflix and I 'm done with it . Very rarely does one come around that I actually want to own &#8212; It Might Get Loud is now in my library.And intimate get-together with three of the most unique guitarists around discussing ... well , the guitar . What it means to them , how they get their sound , how they recorded , why they do what they do with it.The juxtaposition of these three mean is remarkable . Jack White recaptures the love of his old equipment and discusses why it was valid then and how it 's valid now . The Edge with his wall of delays , distortions and modulators &#8212; looking for that elusive sound that will create the next U2 hit . And the old man himself , Jimmy Page showing you his guitars , his record collection , the old house where Zeppelin recorded.There 's a moment when all three are chatting and Jimmy stands up , picks up his Les Paul and begins slicing out the riff to Whole Lotta Love and you see Jack and the Edge just staring like two thunderstruck school boys as their idol gives them a private lesson.There 's a panel discussion after the documentary that opens up a lot to what you just saw and well worth the view.Can ' t recommend this any higher .
 If you play , or like guitar , or wonder about what it like to be a thoughtful major rock guitarist this is a great film . It 's much better than I expected .
 Unexpected to pick these three awesome guitarist in the same doco . However , despite its quirkiness of each player 's style and liking , it is quite a well made music doco .
 I was dying to see this video , but after see it , felt short of my expectection , I was hoping to see more jaming for this great players specially from Page , but no . Still Good . .
 Three guitarists of character in a unique setting jamming together and enjoying it . Look at the smiles ! Beautiful and loud !!
 `` It Might Get Loud '' is an excellent documentary for those who want to look into the different creative processes behind some popular rock guitarists , both young and old . Some have critizied Jack White 's role in this film but it 's obvious . He presents himself as a low-tech , go-by-feel , minimal guitar effect guy . He is anti-The Edge in this regard , as we see The Edge explain his dependence on rack upon rack of effects to obtain his sound . Jimmy Page is the elder scholar throughout . The glimpse of his guitar collection , guitar cases lined up in a storage area , is impressive . I did n't expect him to be as articulate as he is in this piece.IMGL is a very well directed and produced film . Shots are interestingly framed and audio is excellent throughout.A very good watch for anyone interested in how guitarists may go about their creative process .
 Jack white impressed me . Also , I liked U2 but knew nothing about the Edge . Ofcourse Jimmy Page , what can I say ! Love this and bought it . I 've been passing it around to my friends and they love it .
 This was an awesome soundtrack with 3 of the best musicians there are . I had someone give it to me to watch and loved it , so I bought it myself for my boyfriend who is a bass player in a band . Watching it was an inspiration , the music was great and the interviews with each of them was something you wo n't see anywhere else . It 's a classic and a must buy for everyone !!! I do n't know who I enjoyed the most , Jimmy Page or Jack White ...
 GREAT movie about guitar . Even better blu-ray ! The picture quality is fantastic and the sound quality gives you a `` You Are There '' feel . If you love guitar , music or both , you should buy this BD !
 It was a joy to listen to the interviews with three impassioned guitarists who are masters in their genre , each bringing a different style and attitude to their work . For me it was the interplay between them as they discussed how and why they do what they do . I am not a musician , but this film was absolutely fascinating and enjoyable .
 I enjoyed this DVD , but bought it primarily because I am a U2 fan . I agree somewhat with other reviewer 's notes for this product , as Jack White 's portayed attitude/facial expression is abrasive by comparison and he does n't seem to add much value to the discussion at first . However , if you watch this with an open mind and if you like his stuff already , it is decent and you can dig where he 's coming from . He just comes off as a punk kid amongst rock history legends ; maybe it is intended . Different music styles and generation differences might skew how one views this DVD . All said , it was worth the money , and I recommend that any fan of these guys , or rock history in general , at least watch this production once . It opened my interests enough to check out more of White 's music and you ca n't go wrong be delving into more Led Zep ! U2 will remain favorite , for me . A couple U2 gems in there , and a old video clip of U2 that I never knew existed .
 How often do you get the chance to listen to Jimmy Page , The Edge , and Jack White , by themselves discuss their inspirations , thoughts on the guitar , and history ? Not very . Let alone having them all together in the same room , playing each other 's music and speaking collaboratively on their music . The thing that I enjoyed the most from this DVD was how it suddenly made their work more grounded and real . There is logic , but also choas . And you start to feel as though you can really understand where they are coming from . Awesome from beginning to end . Check it out for sure .
 Three of the four greatest guitarists ever together in one sescion . How god can it get . Add Eric Clapton & Jimmy hendrix -LRB- RIP -RRB- and you have the lot
 `` It Might Get Loud '' does the work of several documentaries . On its surface it 's a staged meeting between three iconic guitarists from three distinct eras . But it 's also three biographies in miniature of three individuals who were shaped by , and helped to shape , the music that we know as rock and roll . For purists there are tantalizing glimpses of musical inspiration , obscure and otherwise , and for those who simply love the look and sound of rock , there 's enough detail about the guitar to delight anyone who 's ever picked up a six string.The match-up between Jimmy Page , the Edge and Jack White is by no means an even one , nor is it meant to be . Page , with his legendary status as session man , Yardbird , and mystical guitarist of Led Zeppelin , comes across as the most enviable of the three . He 's got the riffs , the money , the fame and the aura of infallibility . Even in his advancing years his English gentleman 's demeanor is still suffused with a youthful spirit . So when Page launches into his signature phrase from `` Whole Lotta Love , '' you can see how incredibly simple the structure is -- and how only Page can pull it off with the right feeling . But the film 's brilliance lies in the way it shifts from one musician to the next . The Edge and White are clearly checking out Page 's moves even as they betray their admiration -LRB- the look on their faces says it all -RRB- . But soon the focus is on the Edge 's restless , chiming sound from `` Sunday Bloody Sunday , '' or `` Where the Streets Have No Name , '' and you remember that in an era younger than Page 's , another set of hands was shaping the sound of emotion and lyricism . The film goes beyond a potentially dry rendition of `` let 's jam together for the camera '' to explore the places these three musicians came from . I liked that fact that , for the most part , the reminiscences are vivid and short . There 's just enough historical detail to make it interesting , and just enough music -LRB- both archival and performed for the film -RRB- to keep you riveted.As comparisons go , some may question why Jack White was included with the geniuses behind Led Zeppelin and U2 . White 's biographical sequences are contrivances -LRB- like his trek through rural Tennessee , speaking to his nine-year-old self in the back seat of a car -RRB- but they perhaps sum up what is both fantastical and challenging about becoming a guitar hero
 Such a great experience watching three generations of Rock guitarists come together to share their stories an experiences.I hope other musicians and fans get an opportunity to view this . It 's quite a testament to music and how it has a profound effect on musicians and music lovers alike !
 I went in special search of this film on blu-ray , you need it in this format in order to get the film without the audio compression , that DVD has . also , if you get this film turn it WAY UP ! Jack White steals the show in this film , but Jimmy Page , and the Edge give a solid rock 'n roll history lesson for the ages ! this film is one that if you have nothing to do on a Saturday afternoon pull it out and turn it up !
 As a songwriter , this film gave me great food for thought . The way each player approaches the same instrument -- and the brilliant results each achieves -- is a testament to the raw power of creativity . This is a great film , but I feel it could have been enhanced with added historical footage . I was also slightly underwhelmed by the attempt to cover `` The Weight '' in the final minutes .
 jimmy page is the reason i wanted to learn guitar.when i first heard whole lotta love , i not only had no clue to what the subject matter was about -LRB- i was 10 -RRB- but i was astonished to find out that a guitar and some of the best panning techniques were responsible for a dizzying audio journey that continues to this day ,40 years later.so i jumped at the chance to see this.jack white making a guitar the way the original blues guitarists -LRB- minus the amped up pickup -RRB- made them was an incredible opening scene.however , the way the film jumped around from guitarist to guitarist was quite annoying.i see what they were trying to do and it was certainly a different way to tell a story -LRB- or 3 -RRB- , but it left me frustrated for better continuity.each of the subjects ' stories were great and there was some great footage from all 3 players ' histories , but when they jammed together , they appeared `` jammed '' together and quite directionless and greatly puzzled as to what they were supposed to do with each other.reminded me of bad jamming sessions i 've had.no magic -LRB- black or otherwise -RRB- or hit records coming out of this hook-up but it probably whetted the appetites of those who put it together.i was dissapointed in the end but learned a lot of things anyway.it was a great attempt at what i 'm sure looked great in concept , on paper and certainly recieved my attention and money when i first saw the trailer at the previews for `` shine a light '' .
 I loved the beginning where Jack White builds his own guitar with a 2 by 4 and wire . Three generations of guitar players trade licks and stories . I saw this in a theater in New York City . No one in the audience wanted to leave when it ended . We just wanted more . One note
 I ordered this DVD for my dad - a real music lover - and he thought it was great ! It was also in perfect condition ! Thanks so much !
 We loved this so much in the theatre we just had to add it to our film library at home !
 I loved this Rock Doc . OMG it was so amazing I did n't want it to end ! I suggest that you watch the deleted scenes . This is for every music lover . I was so impressed at how this film was put together . I highly recommend this movie , even if you do n't think your a fan of any of these musicians , once you watch this you will be on some level .
 Three masters in their craft on film . I was surprised @ Jack White 's inclusion but was very entertained . Glad they had him in it . Three points of history are a well rounded view . White 's Coke bottle guitar is priceless . Literally.Combo of personal history , playing , and just general view towards life/music . Page 's soul crushing meet with Muzak was enlightening . White is the low tech point of view and The Edge -LRB- ?? lol do n't care how he got that name -RRB- the high . All three are masters to me . A joy to watch a pro do it right.Page
 Truely a pure musical experience . This DVD is all about the passion of three VERY different musicians & thier approach to the guitar & how it speaks for them . From the film makers approach to cinematography with the opening titles to the casual interviews with Jimmy , Edge & Jack to capturing the honest emotions of thier jam session , it 's just simply a sweet presentation of music & what it means to these three musicians . Buy it , you ca n't go wrong .
 The thing about a movie like this is that it will never please everyone . Some wanted more technical talk , but it 's not a how-to video . Some did n't like the choice of players presented . If you think Guitar World 's yearly top lists get hate mail , you can only imagine what happens with a film like this . And it 's not a concert film.I thought the choice of guitarists was inspired . Three generations of players , each whose art is a reaction to the others . And each finding out that they come from common ground . I have a love/hate relationship with Jack White 's music . I understand where he comes from , but some of it just does n't grab me yet . I love some of Edge 's work in U2 and other stuff I find simple and repetitive . Jimmy page is one of the main architects of `` the riff '' and has influenced millions of players . But at the same time , he 's kinda sloppy.And that 's what I find inspiring . These guys are n't the greatest technicians on the instrument . Not virtuosos . But masters of what they do , and always a student of the music . They could have gotten super high end players like Clapton or Vai . And that would certainly be an interesting conversation too , but very different from this one.This is n't a `` how to play guitar '' movie . It 's a movie about how an artist finds their voice . From Jimmy Page realizing that Muzak sessions could n't be his future . Or Jack White discovering the Flat Duo Jets and Son House and realizing that the deconstruction of music can be as important as its construction.I think artists need to see this to see that their heroes are just as big a fans of music as they are . And that they live what they do . And that they do n't have all the answers . But they are looking for them.And for music fans ... If you want to see what happens inside a players head as he 's creating and playing , this is a good place to start .
 I bought this for my husband who is a rock music fanatic and in a band . He enjoyed watching it and is passing it around to his friends so they can see it too!He had not heard about it coming out , and was delighted to see Jimmy Page especially , but said the overall documentary was really interesting and good .
 First off if your somebody that starts off saying '' I 've been playing guitar for blah blah blah and I like blah blah and dont like blah blah , and theres no music just talking '' ... your an idiot !!! This movie was very loud indeed . Sometimes whats being said is more powerful and moving than the volume in which it is said with . This movie is everything it says it is and more . From the very begining of the film it clearly states in writing on the screen three men get together to discuss the elctric guitar . Even Jimmy says they are supposed to have a chat and the instuments just happen to be there . This isnt some all star jam session or instructional video of Jimmy teaching the others how to play stairway to heaven . If this is what you expected you are going to be dissapointed and if it takes you untill the end of the movie to figure this out you were probably paying more attention to your musical ego than the movie itself.So three men get together to discuss the electric guitar . They talk about their love , hate , history , influences , tatse , favorite makes and models , and much more all wrapped up in a warm blanket of chemistry between the three of them . Each man unique in his own light . To understand why these three were chosen is simple ... they are different from eachother . By generation and by style . It would be quite boring having three guys all saying and playing the same thing . Each has a different story and background . Jimmys being very technical and creative , The Edge being very scientific in his persuit of a certain sound using hardware and effects , and Jack White who is a little harder to epxlain but it makes him all the more interesting , Ill just say the electric guitar is a constant struggle to him in his persuit of his inner sound.Jack White does kinda seem like the odd man out at first . He may just be a little nervous about meeting the others , but after a bit he warms up to them . At one point Jimmy is showing him something on the guitar and you can tell by the look on Jacks face he is so humbled and happy to be in the presence of the others that hes trying not to break out a smile but he cant help it , much like a little kid that cant not smile . At the end of the movie they all enjoy a song together . Not some total rock out with the volume cranked to 11 but a simple acoustic piece that brings out the love for one another -LRB- which is kinda funny since the movie is supposed to be about electric guitar not acoustic -RRB- . They all end up with that same little kid smile on their faces playing the song as the camera slowly zooms out and the credits scroll upwards . I had that same smile on my face as well .
 I want to say that the bonus 38 minute press conference was very enjoyable but the nearly half hour of bonus scenes was easily worth the price for me ... Jimmy Page sitting in a room ala Robert Johnson and strumming an acoustic ! Page again . . strumming the riffs of `` Friends '' on an old acoustic , playing on a National ... and TEACHING the others how he developed `` Kashmir '' ... WOW ... and there is much more ... Since this is n't a movie review but a DVD review ... these bonus features add tremendously to the value for me of a DVD that contains a very fun and interesting film . I love guitar , have been playing it for 40 years and sure ... I 'd have liked to have seen other songs played , questions asked , but am I glad they made this ... YES , am I glad I have it to watch whenever I want ... absolutely . I respect Jack White and The Edge but Jimmy Page is an icon of icons for me in the guitar world and any footage of him a treasure.I 'm sorry I missed it on the big screen but am thrilled to own this DVD !
 This video takes you into the thoughts of three well known musicians that admire each other . They share their music , how the song came to be . Just nicely done . Jimmy Page directing Ihope he does more like this !
 `` It Might Get Loud '' is awesome . I wish they 'd turn this into a series , with a bunch of different artists . The concept of pulling guitarists from several different bands into a room together to discuss their equipment , techniques , styles , strings ... it 's just an awesome little voyeuristic adventure that fans eat up , and fellow musicians understand . I ca n't recommend this highly enough . As a musician , it 's totally understood . I played in a rehearsal studio for several years where a dozen or more bands were in and out all the time . When we finished our practice , I would wander down the hall and listen to what other bands were playing . If I liked it , I 'd knock on the door , and if allowed in , I 'd hang out and talk ` shop ' with the other musicians . Everyone always comes out enriched from such experiences . It is a stroke of genius that someone orchestrated this and filmed it . Carry on , carry on ! We need more of this ! Make a sequel ! Make several !
 This is not just a film about the electric guitar . It is a film about three different rock icons from three different generations , three different places and three totally different musical eras and how their love of this instrument shaped their careers in music.Cut to Jack White , the youngest and the cockiest of the three , out on the fields of Tennessee , building a Didley Bow -- a rough and ready one-string plucking instrument -- with cows looking on . If , like me , you walked into the movie with any doubt at all about his place next to the likes of Jimmy Page , that uncertainty was quickly put to rest from the get-go . Not only does he play his instruments well , he makes ` em , he reinvents ` em , he owns ` em . Hell , he 'd chew ` em up if he could.Here are three guitar heros who were able to do something different than what had been done before . White really just plays the blues , but he does it his way . And as we peek in at him as he teaches his younger self -- as if he could go back in time -- we learn about his well-defined sense of aesthetic and purpose
 Guitar gods of three periods in rock come together and hold a retrospective summit , discussing influences , techniques , songwriting , recording , you name it . Oh , and it turns out , instruments are going to be laying around as well . Wonder what that will lead to?This film is a good deal better than an ordinary musical retrospective . Page , Edge and White are all intelligent musicians , each with their own style and techniques , but each just oozing love of music . The viewer just finds himself with a stupid grin on his face loving almost every minute of the movie . There are moments of reflection , of discovery , of plain enthusiasm and joy . The reviewer has spent plenty of time jumping up and down on the edge of his bed as a youth , jamming to Zeppelin tunes with a tennis racket for an air guitar ; unbelieveable to watch Jimmy Page playing air guitar listening to his own heroes!The film is well made , nicely paced , beautifully filmed and set , and a great look at three incredible and incredibly influential musicians .
 I 'm a huge Edge fan , but in the end , I found his part of this movie the least interesting , perhaps because I know much more about him and his musical evolution . For me , the `` show '' was stolen by Jim Page and Jack White . To see a living legend like Jimmy Page discuss what is was like to develop his sound was incredible . Then , there is Jack White . I 'd never even heard of him -LRB- not my kinda music -RRB- . Yes , the guy has some serious attitude , but it 's partly that attitude -LRB- and incredible musical talent -RRB- that draws you to him in some way . You want to hear more , know more about his blues and raw rock . No doubt some of White 's `` attitude '' is just performance , but you ca n't escape the `` raw '' energy that the guy displays on screen . For a pure music lover , this movie might be lacking , since the only music you really hear are snippets from this or that famous track , and a few you 've probably never heard . There are no complete performances . So what 's to like ? It 's hard to put a finger on it . I 'm not particularly a guitar fan , but I thought this was a great DVD . You know you liked it when you wished there was another 1-2 hours left when the credits start to roll . That 's the way I found this . Very entertaining .
 Overall , this was an excellent documentary on the electric guitar , with interpretations and discussions by at least 2 well known musicians . It was satisfying to see the verbal interplay between them , as well as snippets of them informally jamming together . Clearly , out of the 3 , the world class ` guitar god ' Jimmy Page deserved to be there the most . He is , by far , the most innovative , progressive , and revered of the 3 . The Edge is a good player too , as he was in one of the bands that help propel the ` new wave ' -LRB- as it was called then -RRB- , or ` alternative ' movement with his interesting playing . And although I liked Jack White the personality , I could n't help asking myself just what in God 's name is Jack White doing up there with such accomplished veterans like Page and The Edge ?! In my opinion , as a guitarist , he is nothing special . In fact , I find his playing extremely boring . Even if you 're into throwback blues and pared down playing , there are many who surpass him by far -LRB- Rory Gallagher , Roy Buchanan , Stevie Ray Vaughn , Robert Cray , etc. -RRB- . But of course , I realize the producers had to find some one in that realm who is not deceased , and fairly popular with the current generation .
 For insight into the mind of the legendary Led Zep maestro this one ca n't be beat . I do n't have much interest in the Edge or Jack White for that matter but they both are interesting characters with a story to tell . For me it was all about J Page at 65 still with the magic and the charm that helped make Zep a monster band amongst mortals .
 Like most people learning the guitar , one of my earliest ambitions was to be able to play the intro to Stairway To Heaven , as played by Jimmy Page . So , if you 're into the guitar at all , this dvd is well worth exploring.It opens with Jack White constructing his own guitar from makeshift elements , and as it turns out The Edge as a kid also created his own electric guitar . Jimmy Page got his first guitar when the previous owner of the house his family moved into left a guitar behind.As you get further into this movie it gets more fascinating , as we explore the music the musical background , the development and creative influences of these three outstanding guitarists . Particular highlights for me are the facial expressions and fascination of the other two as Jimmy Page plays the opening riff on Whole Lotta Love , and watching The Edge through the use of effects magic playing Pride , and giving the impression through the echo effect of playing two different instruments . I also enjoyed Jack White 's rendition of Take The Elevator , and he seems to be somehow channeling Johnny Depp . Jimmy also explains Kashmir and gives a quick demo.I found my admiration for Jimmy Page in particular grew because not only is he a guitar great , he is also a cool guy . The Edge impressed me with his dedication to pursuing the perfect sound , and reminded me of Les Paul in that respect inLes Paul - Chasing Sound , a movie I highly recommend . Jack White impressed me with his passion for the guitar.I also enjoyed the concert footage excerpts particulary the soloing on the double neck guitar on Stairway To Heaven.If you 're like me you 'll be impressed by the passion and dedication and talent of these three . Some of the most interesting bits are in the deleted scenes and extended footage.I hope you found this helpful , and think you will enjoy it .
 This is my first review , but i felt I had to add my voice to those who have said how great this dvd is . I watched it with my husband and daughter and we were mesmerized , could easily have set through a couple more hours of hearing them talk about their roots and their music . My daughter is a huge Zep fan so she loved the parts with Jimmy Page , but what surprised us was how much all of us enjoyed the Edge 's part . None of us were very familiar with Jack White , and except for the fact he was definitely channeling Johhny Depp , found him interesting too . Have ordered the dvd from Amazon because I know this is one we 'll want to watch more than once .
 This flick rox !!!! very smart , very talented people coming together to share their knowledge & love of the electric guitar . Awesome flick !!!!!
 I watched this because seeing Pagey in this kind of detail is rare.One has to put up with Jack White -LRB- as white as they come , good name -RRB- and Dull Edge -LRB- incongruous seeing him on stage -- or the same planet -- with Jimmy Page -RRB- but overall is is worth it . I did have to go to `` mute '' on several occasions , when I could not stand it .
 Unless you happen to be a super fan of The Edge , Jack White , or Jimmy Page , I do not recommend getting this . If you are , like me , a super fan , then I strongly suggest watching this .
 I bought It Might Get Loud expecting to watch a jam session of great guitar players.It Mightg Get Loud fulfills this partly , but it has a lot of interviews in a documentary style.So that 's why I gave ot 4 stars.Good enough but not spetacular .
 `` It Might Get Loud '' is a joyous celebration of rock n roll . It tells us what 's behind the guitar solos that rock stadiums and music clubs -- the years , sometimes decades , of experimentation , collaboration and self-doubt . Of practicing over and over to find the sound that conveys precisely the emotions roiling inside a song . The documentary brings together three extraordinary guitarists -- Jimmy Page , the Edge and Jack White -- and lets them talk about their music for a good hour and a half.I was entranced.They are three very different men and very different artists . Page , of course , is rock royalty , and he 's a regal presence here with his white mane and striking features . He 's a low-key , gifted storyteller , who seems to light up when he plays his guitar . -LRB- Page is also one of the film 's associate producers , which might explain why he comes off so well . -RRB- The Edge uses technology to perfect his sound -- the sound that makes U2 so unique . Even now , he confesses to moments of terrifying self-doubt . It 's somehow reassuring to learn that the ultimate big-stadium rock band started out practicing , and floundering , in a little Irish classroom after school.White is a tough man to like . He 's edgy and tormented , pale and doughy -- Edward Scissorhands on a Snickers bar binge . But I came away admiring him anyway . He 's on a single-minded quest to create music pure and true . He admits at one point that everything he does amounts to an attempt to produce something as honest and clean as bluesman Son House 's gritty a cappella song `` Grinnin ' in Your Face . '' Sometimes he seems to be trying to rip the music right out of himself . The film 's most unsettling moment is a shot of White blood-streaked guitar at the end of a performance.If you want to hear about groupies and drugs , this is n't the film for you . You wo n't learn about Page 's demons or even get any clarity about the murky relationship between Jack and Meg White . This is all about music . And thank God for that . In a way , it 's a rock tutorial . I came away eager to listen to The Jam , one of the punk era bands that inspired U2 . And I was amazed I 'd never heard of Link Wray , whose `` Rumble '' is one bad-ass piece of rock n roll -LRB- as Page , the Edge and White agree -RRB- and who seems to have been about two decades ahead of his time , judging from the evidence here .
 Like most people who bought this DVD as soon as it came out -LRB- ordered in advance , actually -RRB- , I am a HUGE Zeppelin fan , and an admirer of Edge . I knew very little about Jack White , so I was curious to say the least . After watching the film twice back to back , I came away impressed . First , the audio quality is outstanding . If you have a high-end audio system like me , crank this baby up and enjoy . I wo n't make this review a novel , but I will say that all three performers were outstanding . I got goosebumps when Jimmy walked in the door at Headley Grange , and reflected on recording Led Zeppelin IV there , even pointing out where they placed Bonzo 's drums under the staircase because of the unique sound the echo produced . Being only a ` casual ' fan of Edge , I can say I was really impressed with his talent ; his reflection of his old school , and explaining how he started his first band there , is similiar to Page 's scene at Headley Grange . Jack White , who I knew nothing about , truly admires the other two , and he stands alone with his talent as well . The opening scene with White making a guitar out of a Coke bottle is one of the best scenes in the entire film . This is well worth checking out , so buy it and see for yourself .
 A inside look at what influences the guitar player 's art - from a perspective look at three generations/eras of greats ! The stories , performances , and individuality is amazing . Very cool personal historic reference details to boot .
 It Might Get Loud is an interesting mish mash of three different generations of guitarists and what inspired them . Jimmy Page -LRB- Led Zeppelin -RRB- , The Edge -LRB- U2 -RRB- , and Jack White -LRB- The White Stripes , The Raconteurs -RRB- take you on a trip down memory lane and explain their approach to guitar playing , along with some interesting stories of what influenced them as kids . It 's a good documentary as a whole , but there are times when it seems a bit self-indulgent . I guess the main point of the documentary is how guitar playing has evolved over the decades and how it 's still relevant today . It would seem that Jimmy represented the 60 's and 70 's , while The Edge represented the 80 's and 90 's . I assume Jack White represented the 00 's and whatever is to come . What is very clear is the passion these three men have for the art form . Through archival footage and interviews we get to see these guys in ways most probably have n't seen before . I was intrigued by some of the old TV footage of Jimmy Page when he was in his early teens . It was really interesting watching these three guys jam together and sort of get off on each others riffs . I particularly enjoyed the trio 's rendition of `` The Weight . `` There are times , however , when the film feels a bit disjointed . The structure of the film is rather arbitrary , jumping from one guitarist 's story to another 's and then back again . Most of the film is these guys just talking about what they like . They do play occasionally , but I found that those segments were cut too short . Some of the archival footage is of them playing live , and just when they get really rockin ' they cut to more interviews . What a bunch of teases.Self-indulgence aside , if you like documentaries about music you will likely find something to enjoy in It Might Get Loud . The blu-ray version of the film looks and sounds excellent .
 A great idea for a film , executed well , with plenty of `` wow '' moments
 A nice intimate look at these 3 very influential musicians and fans of each other . Very different than most documentary type features . Lots of insights into what inspired these 3 icons to get into their particular styles of playing . Some of my favorite tidbits were Jack Black 's building a very simple electric slide guitar with his main tool being a hammer , The Edge 's description of the conditions in Ireland when U2 was forming , and Jimmy Page 's tour of the location they recorded the drum track of ` When the Levee Breaks ' . The film makers ' commentary audio option is excellent and adds alot to the enjoyment of a second of many viewing > great stuff for would-be documentarians . Highly recommended !
 For anyone who has a passion for the guitar in Rock music , this is as sweet a story as you might ever want . In particular , though , since I have heard of the great works of Edge and Jimmy Page , I was refreshed to see the intense lifeblood of music in Jack White . I 'm from the old school of Rock so perhaps I am jaded but I had not seen anyone of particular talent or inspiration until I saw Jack White on this DVD . My faith in Rock music , even in music itself , was rewarded in the talents of this man . I already know how talented Jimmy Paige is and Edge , yada yada yada BUT I saw something so new included into the mix , which made for a new Rock Music paradigm altogether for me . When people leave out the likes of Stanley Jordan in their lists of best guitarists it usually just pisses me off . Now I know that they must not leave out Jack White . This dvd was so thoroughly entertaining that I really look forward to watching it time and time again , if only to see the instrument Jack White builds to make music .
 `` It Might Get Loud '' is , at heart , a movie about the creative process that contrasts the process of three very different guitarists that are united by a gift for creating new and interesting sounds with one of the most simple of instruments - the guitar . This is not a film about guitar craft , as such , nor does it propose that Jimmy Page , The Edge and Jack White are necessarily `` the best '' of their prospective generations . This is not about the glories of fame and fortune or a gossipy dissection of sordid lives - this movie is a celebration of the artistic process that provides in equal measure the inspiration , work ethic and craft of creating something new . What unites these three players is an artistic restlessness and a willingness to go outside the boundaries of what came before - the main criticism that I hear about this movie is - `` Yeah sure , Jimmy Page and The Edge but what is Jack White doing there ? He does n't belong in the pantheon , not yet and probably never will . '' - Well , Sir or Madame , I respectfully disagree - not only that but your criticism is beside that point - like I said earlier - this movie does n't presume that these are `` The best of the best '' - what `` It Might Get Loud '' sets out to do is contrast 3 different guitarist from 3 different generations who each have redefined the way people hear music through innovative approaches to the guitar . It humanizes and demystifies it 's subjects by first showing them in their native habitat and giving a thumbnail sketch of their backgrounds and musical inspirations - it then gets to the heart and main attraction - the 3 sitting together with nothing but their guitars and the result is , well , not explosive and that is kind of the point - any musician will recognize that situation and completely relate - what happens is what sometimes happens at parties or the beach or park - a couple of strangers with nothing in common but guitars sit for a little while and trade songs and talk about music - every musician has done this and to be a fly on the wall of this summit is to recognize the universality and brother/sisterhood of music - any musician can see this movie and say to themselves `` I may not be a big star - make records or tour the world but I am , in a small way , in the same club as these guys . '' My favorite moment - Jimmy Page playing air guitar along with one of his favorite songs - who has n't done that ?
 It Might Get Loud is one of those rare movies that glues you to the screen . If you are a guitarist , this is a must watch/own . The blending of 3 different decades of musicians comparing nottes , inspirations , styles , sounds ideas is gripping from start to finish . The film inspires you to play your guitar , but at the same time you are torn as you do not want to miss a single second of the film .
 If you like U2 , Led Zepplin , and/or White Stripes , this disc is for you . If you like the guitar and seeing vintage video of guitar legends The Edge , Jimmy Paige , and Jack White you 'll love this disc . Part documentary , part Unplugged , and part banter from three vastly different musicians . The video imagery is mostly good , but there is some old footage that has noticeable interlacing . You may not care because the sound is phenomenal . The best sounding music themed disc I 've ever heard , great demo material for your system . Very well done , and a must-have in my opinion .
 I recieved this as a Christmas gift from my nieces and nephews -LRB- AWWW !! -RRB- and I have watched it three times now to date and I love it!What more can I say other than as both a musician and admirer of Jimmy Paige , The Edge and Jack White 's work , I found this to be a great interaction and you couldfeel the mutual respect that each of these 3 decades of guitar giants had for each other.When Paige broke into `` Whole Lotta Love '' and other classic Zeppelin stuff , The Edge and Jack White both looked like Wayne & Garth in their basement headquarterswith wide-eyed gleeful grins saying AWESOME DUDE !! Each individual guitar icon is given a platform for their backstory to be told -LRB- for those who do n't know already ! -RRB- and we get to visit and view locations whichwere crucial to their development . Alot of this I already knew , but for the youngsterswho are just learning about Paige , The Edge and Jack White , it 's cool.My summation
 My daughter found this DVD for me . I did not know the film existed.Led Zeppelin , U2 , and White Stripes together ? Not quite , but nearly . Jimmy Page , The Edge , and Jack White meet for some ` talk ' and a session . The result is enriched by clips of music by the 3 bands , plus some of their influences . Something like a United Nations of rock music . The 3 guitarists are from different countries -LRB- England , Ireland , and the US -RRB- , and since they are also of 3 different ` generations ' , they have slightly different stories to tell.Page , of my generation , and one of the stars of my favorites Led Zeppelin -LRB- up on top together with the Stones -RRB- , has most to tell in terms of rock history . I would have loved to see more Yardbirds here.In comparison , The Edge has a shorter history , but a much more political one , with U2 's exposure to the times of Irish terrorism and clashes with the British forces of order . The Edge is also the most technical one of the three.White , the youngest , draws heavily on his blues roots , playing old records , and showing the simplicity of a basic approach -LRB- e.g. building a ` guitar ' with a coke bottle -RRB- . The result ? Ear candy for rock fans . Is it a good movie ? No way . Too fragmented , too many snippets . It is like appetizers for main course , many of them . Can I give it less than 5 stars ? No way . It is too much fun to let any dissatisfaction crawl in . Yes , it might have been done better . Imagine a 5 hours concert or clips of the 3 bands ... For me , Led Zeppelin is tops , and I like White Stripes very much , while U2 reaches me only sometimes . You see that there is no full balance here . And anyway , I do n't do music reviews .
 I missed this film when it came through the local theaters but am glad I got to to see it on DVD . Sure , the screen is smaller but 1 -RRB- You can go back and see the parts that you you want to see -LRB- and even zoom in on the performers fingers -RRB- and 2 -RRB- You get to see the `` Deleted scenes '' . -LRB- Read on about those . -RRB- This documentary was directed by Davis Guggenheim who won lots of awards for directing Al Gore in `` An Inconvenient Truth '' . -LRB- To make Al Gore seem interesting for two hours , talking about global warming was a challenge that Guggenheim overcame . -RRB- The premise is that the Director got three electric guitar geniuses from differejnt cultures and generations in to room to reminisce and play together . Jimmy Page -LRB- British -RRB- is the elder statesman here ; The Edge from U2 -LRB- Irish -RRB- comes next in the age-line ; and Jack White of The White Stripes -LRB- Detroit , MI -RRB- brings it into the 21st Century.What I expected to see was a `` super session '' in one room for 98 minutes . But that 's not what you get . The Director used this `` first time meeting '' as a jumping off point to follow the careers of the three men , jumping from one to the other . There really is n't much footage in the film of the meeting and no complete songs are ever presented . -LRB- If you read the credits there are nearly 100 -LRB- ! -RRB- songs excerpted for the soundtrack . There 's lots of archival clips of Page in his various bands and Edge and White in their respective musical collaborations as well . But it 's still riveting.The DVD includes commentary by the Director and Producer -LRB- none of the musicians included -RRB- and a 30-minute Press Conference in Toronto that does include Page , White and Edge . But then there ar4e the `` Deleted Scenes '' - 12 of them totaling 26 minutes . It 's here we see Page play acoustically for a full song , some on stage jamming and questioning each other and even a section where Edge reveals how he - and Bono - got their unique names . -LRB- Why was n't this in the film ? -RRB- . This is a min-history of the electric guitar from the mid 1960s to the present and anyone who plays electric guitar will get something from it.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 What I really liked best about this documentary was that its maker really probed these three musicians endlessly about their creativity . He was dogged about finding their inspirations and their stories from the earliest days . He unearthed little known facts , which might strike one as trivia at first , but then you realize that without those idiosyncratic tics , they might not be the people they are today.For example , Page went to art school in addition to everything else he 's done . He just could n't live if he did n't try painting , drawing , graphic design , etc. , in addition to everything else he was doing in music . White grew up in a lower class section of Detroit , where he was one of the few whites , in a family of ten kids . Very few people wanted to play musical instruments in that area . They all wanted to perform rap . Yet he had so much musical equipment in his very small bedroom that he had to sleep on a foam rubber mat at an angle on the floor . The Edge is the only politically motivated one but he is in such a band , U2 , with the kids he met in grade school . He takes us back to his school.The above is just a very small sampling of what the director manages to unearth about these three musicians . I found it utterly fascinating . One other thing the director did is drop entirely the personal lives of these three as far as wives , ex-wives , girlfriends , children , etc. , For all we know by the end , all three are single and childless . -LRB- I know this is n't true but from other sources . -RRB- This omission was great as there was never the temptation to veer into tabloid fodder with this material .
 I enjoyed this video mostly because Jimmy Page was featured . When I first heard about this production and of what guitarists it featured , I did n't understand how either The Edge or Jack White could stand on a stage next to Jimmy . I wish Paul Gilbert , Jake E. Lee , Doug Aldrich , Gary Moore , Audley Freed , Kenny Wayne Shepherd , David Gilmour , Eric Johnson , Eddie Van Halen -LRB- if he could stay clean -RRB- or any number of other true guitarists for the guitarist community could have been featured rather than Edge or Jack . Do n't get me wrong ; I like U2 's music and appreciate the unique quality of The Edge 's style but his playing could never be considered in the same league as that of Pagey . For the most part , I enjoyed Edge 's parts in this film , particularly his modesty in afirming that his array of effects has much to do with his sound . Seeing he and Mr. White react to Jimmy whipping out a couple of timeless Zeppelin riffs was very cool and I appreciate the subtle respect paid to JP by both of these professional musicians . I appreciated Jack White as an artist a great deal more after seeing this film . Anyone in today 's creative vacuum who has the guts to revisit late 60s to 70s blues guitar style gets at least some of my attention . It 's pretty hard to come up with new creative techniques on guitar today but this film features a couple of Jack 's creative ` inventions ' that really impressed me . Quotes by all three musicians are thoughtful and encouraged me as a guitarist to enjoy the music creating experience for what it is at the moment and for what it does for it 's creators emotionally . Led Zep received a great deal of criticism , especially with the first 4 albums and this was revisited . During different segments , the 3 play each other 's music together and seem to have a good time with it . Each tells what his influences were when they were young and much of it was surprizing to me . If you are a fan of late 60 's , 70s or 80s rock , any blues based rock or of the bands represented by any of these guitarists , you 'll want to own this disk . I rented it first only because it appeared at the rental store when I had a free rental coming to me . Even after watching it twice , I had to buy it to keep in my library . I thank each of these musicians and those like them who enrich our lives with the sharing of thier talent and compositional talent .
 Review number 194 . I must say that this DVD turned out to be much better than I had anticipated . Truly deserves a five-star rating . ` It Might Get Loud ' brings together three of the most inventive , trend-setting and innovative guitarists - namely Jimmy Page , U2 's The Edge and The White Stripe 's mastermind Jack White . This DVD is priceless - the way these three six-string pioneers compare notes , tell stories , try to learn from each other , etc. . This DVD had some super-rare U2 footage from 1979-80 that I have never seen before . Was sort of taken with where they show Jack White ` constructing ' his own homemade guitar and then where he drives to a remote cabin and piddle around a bit on the piano - playing some vintage -LRB- I 'm guessing -RRB- blues number . Plus , I loved the scene where you 're invited into Jimmy Page 's den - where he is a obviously a major vinyl collector . He plays a 45 single or two by his musical influences like Link Wray and Robert Johnson . Worth - many , -LRB- many -RRB- repeated plays .
 I am a huge fan of Jimmy Page and Jack White so I was so excited to see the both of them along with the Edge in this documentary . Getting to know the men more and their personal histories was really a treat and the music , especially from Mr. Page was phenomenal .
 Having a chance to see Jimmy Page up-close and personal after all these years was truly a gift ! The man 's STILL GOT IT !!! Seeing how HE played some of those fabulous Zep songs was also ' a gift ' ! Learning more about Edge ; and where he came from -LRB- and all the U2 boys -RRB- was very interesting - especially the school vid of them as teenagers . Wow - were they ever ROUGH !!! But lookit how THEY turned out ! Gives the rest of us hope !!! Jack White I was not familiar with . -LRB- And thought him lesser - why should HE be here ? -RRB- But he kinda does -LRB- just -RRB- hold his own in here . Overall
 I only have one question . What is Edge doing in this documentary ? It 's obvious from the start that Page and White are cut from the same cloth . Both are singular minded in their pursuit of blues based rock and pushing the boundaries as far as their imaginations can conceive . Both are great players and innovators . Edge ? Without his battery of effects and pedals could n't play a blues riff if his life depended on it . It 's clear throughout that Edge is the fifth wheel here and he 's obviously out of place amongst these wizards of guitar and music . I 've listened to U2 albums and I do n't think I 've ever heard anything that could be construed as a guitar solo or even a riff . Edge 's playing is elementary though competent but nowhere near as innovative and captivating as either Page or White who stand in a class by themselves . By the end of this I felt sorry for ol' Mr. Evans because he was obviously out of his league here and had nothing to offer in comparison . Clearly U2 can write good pop songs but that 's something that neither Page nor White could be bothered with . And frankly , neither can I . Here we have two greats with one wish-he-was . However , it 's worth seeing for Pagey and Mr. White alone . Just fast forward through the Edge stuff unless you 're into racks of special effects !
 I really love this movie , I already saw it three times . I never was a Led Zeppelin fan , but I always respected Jimmy Page . I liked U2 until Zooropa , then I moved on . I like White Stripes , even if I think there was too much hype on them . But after seeing this movie my respect for all these three guitarists grew , and I am back to listening some of their things.I the movie they interact in a very funny way , it 's cool how they are different in everything , age , origins , look , everything besides being in love with guitars and rock.The movie is well built , showing in parallel three different approach to music and guitar.I do n't know about other people , but if you like guitars this is a movie you should mot miss .
 OK as I view it here is the deal . 3 iconic guitarists . 1 because he is truly a great guitarist who , even if his band ripped off other bands like you would n't believe , was a visionary in his own right . 1 because people think he is a visionary because of the odd sounds he creates , which even he admits is entirely gadget based wizardry . And 1 that is an anti-culture icon and I love the blues but really ? Jack White ? I could have easily seen this being more interesting with some different guitarists -LRB- maybe Yngwie , Herman Li , Buckethead , Slash , Chris Keeney , Steve Vai , ect . -RRB- but really I did find the rapport between the guitarists fascinating and the different attitudes towards playing to be an interesting juxtaposition . And its nice to hear the evolution of these bands described in the Guitarists own words . Frankly would I pay much for this documentary ? No . Would I look it up on Netflix ? I 've watched it 6 times .
 I ca n't say much about the movie because this is a xmas gift for someone , but I can say that it came came to me fast and in great condition .
 Great exchange of 2 veterans in Page & Edge w/Jack White as a great intermediary to round out the trio . If you write music you will love to watch this over and over again to appreciate the creative process that may inspire you to press on ! If you do not write music will still find a deep well of understanding & appreciation for what goes into the lives of some of the legendary guitarists !
 It is rare that you have the opportunity to listen to such talented guitarists , playing and exhibiting their collective music . I am very happy with my purchase .
 first off , the movie is great , especially if you 're a guitar player.however , i would like to point out that in the middle of a snow storm -LRB- approx . 3ft . -RRB- , mixed media got this to me in two days.Okay , so the movie does n't have the best plot line . it 's a guitar movie , what were you expecting ?
 It is always great to find a vendor who sells the quality they advertise and provide excellent service . Tops .
 Some of my initial reactions to the movie are similar to what others have noted -LRB- unusual pacing , unusual selection of guitarists , unusual presentation of the `` summit '' , etc. -RRB- , but after listening to the commentary track and looking at the extras , my appreciation of the movie increased.Yes , the structure and pacing was a deliberate choice -LRB- remarkable how much `` This is Spinal Tap '' has influenced both rock musicians , and rock documentary makers -RRB- . Yes there was a bigger list of guitarists that the movie producers had considered . And Yes , there was a lot of music at the summit that never made it to theatrical release.It might get Loud may not be the definitive rock documentary , but it is a good film about the relationship between the electric guitar and the artists who play it . A film that deliberately stays away from the `` rock critic '' and `` rock historian '' view of the subject .
 I had already seem this with Netflix and wanted to actually have it for myself.I did n't know too much about Jack White before but really like his music now.Enjoyed getting to more about The Edge . The beginnings of the band and all.Jimmy Page - WOW , and his joy with Link Ray 's number . He was almost giggling and doing air guitar .
 I grew up on Zeppelin and it is so wonderful to hear Jimmy Page talk about music and how it shaped him . Such a warm presence in this film . Some say that there is n't enough music in the movie , and I would disagree . I think there might be just a bit too much . I would rather hear them talk more . You know that Page alone must have days of stories to tell.Jack White comes off as maybe a bit ostentatious in this grouping , but he has very real and original artistic talent . I have much more admiration for him after having seen this . And I think some of his airs are simply the effects of being included in such tremendous company.The Edge gives some good first-hand background on the forming of U2 . Their music in recent years has not captured me , as they 've gone away from clean sounds and moved more toward electronic effects . But it 's nice to hear him talk , even if maybe a third of what he has to say is about the various hardware he relies on for the effects that make their current sound.It was very moving to see the warmth and respect each of these three afforded the others . However , it is very clear who the god among men is , and shivers went down my spine when Page stood up and ripped into the Whole Lotta Love riff . You can see the awe in the eyes of both The Edge and White . They truly look caught in the moment and unable to hide their sheer excitement like a kid on Christmas morning . To think that this riff is likely one of the first riffs either of the younger guitarists ever learned , and they 're playing with The Man .
 I first heard about this in the Film Industry ` rags ' and as a guitar player/creative/artist etc. . I had to have it . I have been a Jimmy Page fan for a long time and I learned some stuff I never knew about him . Before seeing this film I was not a -LRB- big -RRB- U2 fan , now I really get them and can really feel some of the songs that I did n't ` get ' before . As for Jack White , I think we will be hearing about him for a long time - although I doubt he will be a huge commercial hit because of the purist path he has chosen . All and all this is the type of film that makes you sad when it ends because you want more .
 This is a format I wish we had seen before now , three generations of guitar wiz 's sharing and remembering . The look on the face of Edges and Whites faces when they are watching Jimmy Page play Zep tunes is priceless ; even the current and recurrent guitarists are just floored by what Page represents to rock and roll and to history in general . `` Secrets '' that you wont believe are revealed . The smile of satisfaction that came to me quickly , stayed throughout the DVD . A must for any guitar hero , wannabe or otherwise . Buy it , put it in , enjoy . Be careful ; before too long ... it might get loud .
 This is a great movie . The only thing I do n't like is that I was not there with Jack White , The Edge , and of course Jimmy Page . If you are a guitar guy you will love this movie . It gives great insight on the music , the beginnings , and encourages you to keep rockin . \ m /
 If you 're a fan of Blues , Pop , and Rock guitar , you ca n't go wrong . This DVD is for you ... GUITARS , GUITARS , GUITARS !!!! Yeah , Baby ! - Fred Puaatuua
 It Might Get Loud ? It does in my house , every time I watch this treasure !
 A very good film likely to evolve into a classic over time . I saw this in a movie cinema assuming my wife and I would be 2 of a handful of people there . The theatre was packed . The film was thoroughly entertaining , filled with both laughter and eye-watering moments . I 'd recommend this film to anyone , not just guitar fans . There are too many highlights to list . What was most interesting was the amount of training Jimmy Page received as a youngster . Jack White is quite an intense fellow incapable of the pop riff - its all intense emotion with him . The Edge is the wall of sound I expected he would be - hugely powerful . A great film !
 Even if you are not a fan of The White Stripes , Led Zeppelin or U2 you will enjoy this film!These three musicians of three different generations are truly artists and use the guitar as their medium . Just as painters might choose oils , pastels or watercolors , they use a hunk-of-wood laced with steel strings and magnets to `` paint '' their sonic landscapes.Truly inspirational for musicians and artists of any kind !
 Great hearing their stories on how they got started , and mixing in three different generations made this interesting . Being a huge fan of Jimmy Page I did not know much about Jack Stripe - and now after seeing it want to get some of his Music . Could have used a little more actual playing by the three together as in complete songs versus the partials they showed
 This is a so amazing documentary about three very good rock and roll guitar players I enjoy it a lot Good extras
 Watched this with a friend of mine ... Wish it could have been longer ... . Great footage of the three and there backgrounds in music ...
 This movie shows off the thoughtfulness and talent of each musician!This stuff does n't happen by accident!These are Smart/Talented fellows.Keith Hughes
 wow - my son is a musician and loves this . My husband is a music lover and asked for this for christmas after having it lent to him from a friend . A very interesting discussion with 3 great musicians ...
 Jimmy Page is great ! I will rent anything that he and the rest of Led Zepplin are starring in . He is a legend and this movie shows how he got there .
 I was doubtful about purchasing this movie but I am glad I did . Fantastic ! Getting an inside look at these individuals made me more appreciative of their music .
 I have been playing Guitar for thirty years , and its awesome when you find something that is inspiring like this DVD . Its great to get insight to what these guitarist think in conjunction with the history and all the technology that is and was available to them at that time . This is a must for any guitar player at any level . The producers of this show hit three generations of musicians -LRB- very Smart -RRB- and I am sure they were very inspired by it as well as the musicians who are featured in this DVD who were by each other .
 This film is great . It Might Get Loud follows three well known guitarists who span three different generations of listeners . Jimmy Page introduced the world to blue-driven rock with Led Zeppelin , the Edge created sonic masterpieces in U2 , and Jack White made the blues popular again in his two piece band The White Stripes . The film examines each guitarist and presents the guitar as much more than a musical instrument . Furthermore , It Might Get Loud aims to show what many guitarists believe - the guitar is not only 6 strings , it is an extension of the guitarist.While some may be disappointed with the lack of &#34; jamming &#34; from our three guitarists , I was happy to come away from film with more than listening to a few guys play together . However , there are some very cool moments in the film . For example , Jimmy Page starts to play Whole Lotta Love and the Edge and Jack White become in a state of stupor and amazement . Also , there 's a In My Time of Dying slide guitar jam that 's quite beautiful because we get to see each guitarist add their personality to the song.I recommend this film to anyone who is a fan of music . It 's really a gem .
 It might get loud was a very good dvd and I would really recommend it for anyone to listen to
 This is exactly what this movie is a documentary . I know fans of Jimmy Page who never got to see him in concert were slightly disappointed because the scenes in the movie did not show how he played the guitar all the way through . Watching to see how he plays each song . That 's is exactly why The Song Remains the Same is a movie . This documentary takes you through how each musician got to where they were and how the guitar is part of their life . In detail of showing each guitarist characters . I enjoyed seeing 3 different generations show their unique style through one instrument from different cultures . I would recommend this movie to those who worship great guitar playing . Those who worship guitar gods and those who love seeing guitar gods as regular human beings . This documentary at times made me feel like we were peeking in on famous musicians who were getting together to just talk and we were able to listen to it all . Thrilling and exciting for a fan like me !
 I first saw this film on a flight bag from Shanghai and was amazed ! Not only are the musicians truly incredible at what they do and have done over their careers but the documentary is pulled together in a way that brings together three very different personalities and musical styles . If you like guitar , deep soulful music and some really cool back stories you have to check this out !
 The second I heard that the Edge and Jack White were going to be in the same movie I knew I needed to have this . This was a great musical class with the greats . Hearing stories from Jimmy Page felt like an honor .
 To be honest , the only people who are really going to be getting this are guitar aficionados , and possibly really huge fans of either Page , The Edge , or Jack White . But either way , it 's a fantastic documentary into how those three got started , and their views on the electric guitar as well . Watching this makes me want to pick up the guitar and make something beautiful . Hopefully it 'll do the same for you . ENJOY !
 This DVD tells more about how the artists arrived at where they are , instead of it being a session of 3 completely different guitarists playing music . If you are expecting a musical DVD , you will not get much satisfaction from this . If you want to know the history behind each of these gentlemen , you will LOVE this DVD .
 It might get loud is only a perspective or point of view , but after all it 's the point of view of Jimmy Page !! , so far for me that is quite alot.About the product itself
 The DVD arrived intact . I watched it tree times already , and my mind has been blown ! Great movie , great music - great experience!If you 're into music and electric guitars , this is one DVD you must have in your collection !
 An interesting and insightful look at three very individual guitar stylists . If you have any interests in how things are done behind the scences or the thought processes put forth by musicians , I highly recommend this DVD . Highlight moment -LRB- one mentioned in an earlier review -RRB- Jimmy Page playing the chords to a classic Led Zep song and the look on the faces of The Edge and Jack White , is priceless .
 If you 're a rock guitarist , you 're going to get a lot out of this movie . This is a low-key summit of sorts in which three very different guitarists -LRB- Jimmy Page , the Edge , and Jack White -RRB- kick back to trade licks and talk about why the love playing electric guitar so much . In separate segments , we also learn about many of the obstacles each man has faced in becoming a truly unique and memorable instrumentalist . For Page - the most musicianly of the lot - it seems to have been the fear of being a session player for the rest of his life . White , on the other hand , feared that his passion for the blues would lock him into a predictable 12 bar `` blues-rock '' box . The Edge 's story is most dramatic , taking us back to the Ireland of the 1970s which was wracked by an awful economy and hideous acts of terrorism . It 's an absolute treasure seeing each of their unique approaches and contrasting them ; the Edge revels in high-tech pedals and rack effects whereas White prefers cheaper guitars and amps that he has to `` fight '' to get a sound out of.If you 're not a rock guitarist , you will probably deduct a star from my interview and wish there were more `` fight '' in this movie . There 's absolutely no conflict on display here , and all three guitar heroes are true gentlemen even when they politely disagree . The very best rock movies -LRB- such as `` Hail , Hail Rock and Roll '' and even the comedy `` This is Spinal Tap '' -RRB- are able to attract nonmusicians through very dramatic scenes with conflict . I saw this film with a nonmusician who found the film long-winded and tedious when the guitarists were n't playing , and I can understand why.Still , to me , the true beauty of the film is how it forces the viewer to re-evaluate guitarists who they may not personally enjoy . There are those who have claimed Page is a dinosaur who could n't play well on stage , that the Edge is a player of effects rather than of music , and that White is a barely competent eccentric . I believe this movie proves those people wrong , and it reveals the professional craft behind even what sounds like off-the-cuff playing . `` It Might Get Loud '' is like an impromptu jam session with wonderful , supportive friends who allow you to be yourself , and it 's worth viewing if you are a musician yourself .
 I have watched this a couple times and will watch it again . I get more out of it musically each time . What a great idea to have three great guitarists share their insights with us !
 From the Inside is a film that is filled with suspense . If you like thrillers and suspense , you will enjoy this one . It is one of Jim Haggerty 's best films . The plot leaves you on the edge of your seat with anticipation . Definitely worth checking out and not at all predictable .
 Jim Haggerty 's From the Inside is arguably the writer-director 's best film and a very thrilling and entertaining experience . Reportedly filmed prior to a few of his more recent releases but held up in post-production , From The Inside features strong work from an excellent ensemble cast and never fails to keep the viewer guessing as to which twists and turns will next occur . I will not say much about the plot in this review as I do not wish to reveal any spoilers - suffice it to say that murder , deception , and sex are prominently featured , and the ending is tremendously shocking . From the Inside is an exploration of the darker sides of human motivation and behavior and allows the viewer to make his or her own decisions about which characters -LRB- if any -RRB- to root for as the events unfold . Jim Haggerty makes the most of an obviously limited budget , which , as a character and plot-driven vehicle , really does not ultimately harm the entertainment value of From The Inside , and helps further establish Haggerty as a meaningful voice in independent filmmaking . Highly recommended !
 This is a fun film . You never know what will happen next or who the good guys are . Unlike most standard Hollywood films where you know who 's the good guy , who 's the bad guy and who 's the damsel in distress , this film is full of clever shifts and turns and some very good acting .
 I really loved this film . From the beginning there were so many twists and turns that I found it really enjoyable . I feel it was well written and the actors did a fine job too . I have seen many of Jim Haggerty 's films and I believe this is one of his best ! I would definitely recommend this film to anyone who likes suspense .
 Unsettled is a 2007 documentary feature film written , directed , and produced by Adam Hootnick . It portrays the experiences of six young Israeli adults taking part in the Gaza disengagement of August , 2005 . We watch as IDF soldiers are specially trained to deal with the emotions evoked by the need to evict settlers from their homes during Israel 's withdrawal from Gaza . A main focus is on two young soldiers sent to evict three Israeli families from their homes . The difficult feelings both `` sides '' face - Jewish soldiers ordered to evict Jewish settlers - are well portrayed . The stories told are of of individuals we come to care about . The film shows show human beings on the front lines of a war in which the battleground is in their own back yard . Unsettled 's soundtrack features Matisyahu and other Israeli and Jewish pop music , as well as original music by Jon Lee.The film is an hour and 20 minutes long . I wish that more of that time had been devoted to telling the reasons behind Israel 's decision to withdraw from Gaza .
 i have always loved this movie , i rented it and enjoyed it . Will Ferrell is a great actor.thanks for the rental : -RRB-
 Such a great movie ! No complaints ! It came brand new in package and the dvd works great , no skipping or anything !
 I thought this looked silly at the movies . It is silly in a funny way . If you like Will Ferrell you 'll like this movie .
 Will Ferrell is really funny in this . Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Funny .
 This is one of those movies that is pretty terrible the first time you watch it . I saw it in theaters and I was really quite appalled . I do n't know how I ended up watching it again , but it 's one of those movies that I find myself watching every time it is on TV . It gets funnier and funnier every time you watch it . You just ca n't explain that!It 's terrible , but I just ca n't look away ! Kind of like watching Old Gregg on youtube for the first time . Do n't know what Old Gregg is ? It is ten of the weirdest minutes of your life.I would definitely rent it first , before you buy . It 's not for everyone , but I love it .
 I was pleasantly surprised they did n't try to follow the old tv show very closely . Will Ferrel pretends to be smart and Danny McBride pretends to be brave . Both are complete buffoons . It has a few good laughs and some decent special effects and does n't take itself at all seriously . You ca n't really go wrong with dinosaurs , ape men , lizard men , and time travel .
 Will Ferrel saying , &#34; I do I really do &#34; . While running from a dinosaur has to be one of the funniest seens ever .
 You have to watch this at least 3 times for you to get its full potential ! I think it is hilarious but i think Will Ferrell is a great actor ! Definitely a little over the edge sometimes but thats what makes it unique lol There are some really funny lines !!!!
 Land Of The Lost is hilarious . . wonderful spoof ! Farrell and McBride are fantastic together you can watch it again and again just keeps getting funnier !
 2009 's `` Land of the Lost '' seems to be one of those films that you either love or hate . Unfortunately for stars Will Ferrell , Anna Friel , and Danny McBride , the latter group appears to be in the majority.The film is n't so much of a big screen adaptation of the beloved childrens ' series that shares its namesake . Instead , it 's more of a campy and comedic revisioning of the show . While you 'll recognize the names of Rick , Will , and Holly , you wo n't see them as you might remember.In this tale , Ferrell plays Dr. Rick Marshall , a washed-up scientist who is made out to be a buffoon by Matt Lauer -LRB- yep , THAT Matt Lauer -RRB- during an interview on the Today show when he attempts to explain that time-dimensional travel is possible.A few years later , we find Marshall teaching middle-schoolers and being ridiculed even more . It 's at this point that Holly Cantrell -LRB- Friel -RRB- , a former grad student , shows up believing Marshall 's theories to be true and possible to prove . She convinces Marshall to complete the tachyon amplifier , a device that he believes will allow him to travel to other dimensions.Soon enough , the pair end up at a cave which appears to be the ideal spot for testing the amplifier . Leading the group on the `` routine expedition '' is Will Stanton -LRB- McBride -RRB- , a stoner tour guide who uses cheap tactics in an attempt to scare his guests on their journey.The tachyon amplifier begins to become active while traveling through the cave and soon the entire crew goes down a huge waterfall and end up in the Land of the Lost . They save Cha-Ka -LRB- Jorma Taccone -RRB- from sure death and then set out to find a way home via the now-lost tachyon amplifier . The group runs into Enik , a tunic-sporting Sleestak , who claims to be able to help them get home and also stop an evil Sleestak army from invading Earth . Will Dr. Marshall , Will , and Holly be successful in their attempt to save mankind ? Does it realy matter in a film like this ? You 'll have to either laugh your way through or look away in disgust for the rest of the film in order to find out.I wo n't say that this film is comedy gold . It 's not that by a long shot . However , I must say that for folks who grew up on the original series , this film should be enjoyable . Throughout the dialogue of the film , fans of the original series will be able to lace together almost the entire theme song . Holly 's clothing at one point and her hair throughout most of the group 's time in the Land of the Lost call back memories of Kathy Coleman 's innocent portrayal of Holly in the 1970 's . The Pakuni , Sleestak , and even Grumpy have key parts in the film . In short , the film manages to give a bit of respect to the original series without ridiculing its innocence.With that said , I must point out that although the original series was innocent and kid-friendly , it 's big screen update certainly is not . There is quite a bit of coarse language throughout the film , a number of adult themes and references , and even one particularly violent scene involving an ice cream truck.So why did I give `` Land of the Lost '' four stars ? For the simple fact that it is a humorous campfest that never tries to be more than what it really is
 I 'm confused about something though - I used to wake up every Saturday morning as a child and would watch a show called Land of the Lost , but apparently this film is in NO way related to that old television series because this is definitely a comedy film , and I do n't remember very many comedy elements in the Saturday morning TV show.Land of the Lost is an alright movie . Actually I enjoyed many moments of it . I do n't think it 's strictly a comedy like many other people do - I felt that a huge portion of this film was dedicated to some mildly enjoyable action bits involving Will Ferrell and his friends running away from dinosaurs , along with the scenes where the characters had to deal with the alien creatures . These were good moments.I 'd even go so far as to say the adventure aspect was quite captivating in several spots as well . The special animations making it appear like the dinosaurs were really there and chasing after the people was realistic and satisfying to watch.I did n't quite understand how certain things like a bus , a motel and a swimming pool somehow crossed to the other side where Will Ferrell and his friends were located on that strange piece of land . Perhaps I simply missed an important storyline element explaining all this.I liked the scene where a HUGE bug came out of nowhere and bit Will Ferrell on his neck -LRB- and back -RRB- while he was playing his guitar . Mosquitos from another time can be even WORSE apparently - makes me feel fortunate , haha.What I especially liked was how Will Ferrell 's typically overbearing and obnoxious behavior has been toned down considerably here , perhaps for the purpose of making a movie for children . He 's still somewhat obnoxious and annoying -LRB- like in several other films -RRB- but it 's honestly not THAT bad.Interesting moment when they played Seals and Crofts `` Summer Breeze '' . Literally 15 minutes before this song was played I was actually thinking about that band because their greatest hits album cover shows a picture of the two of them standing on a piece of land similar to the one in this movie . Just a big coincidence.Overall , a pretty good film . It 's funny , it 's adventurous , and it 's worth purchasing .
 I was hoping for a more serious movie but this is still a fun movie and on blu ray it looks great . If taken on it 's own this is a good rather campy comedy that is tongue in cheek fun if you remember the old series you may not be happy with this movie . I think they decided to go with a comedy with pee jokes etc because the old show is from a different era effects wise and it was a kids show to boot . Perhaps they should have done a drama version but they chose not to and Will Ferrel is a good choice as lead actor in this comedy . Everyone in it does a good job in this comedy version that is not mocking the old show and for that fact alone I give this one four stars . The blu ray looks great and this has deleted scenes and other great extras . It is good enough to watch with your kids and laugh along with them too . So on that level while it 's not a great movie it 's a fun comedy and that 's enough for me .
 This is an interesting spin on the old Saturday morning cartoon . It definitely has an adult theme though , and many excellent special effects .
 I am generally very much against the Hollywood system that is too afraid to do something new and just continues to churn out sequels , reboots , reimaginings and rehashes of existing properties.But I like Will Farrel a lot . Yes , his schtick is fairly predictable , but I still find him funny and likeable . He is the reason I gave this a shot , and I 'm glad I did.If they had n't called this `` Land of the Lost '' I do n't think it would 've rubbed so many people the wrong way . They could 've tweaked it just a bit to move it away from the tv show , and it would 've been fine , without all the baggage.Anyway , this is a light-hearted , goofy movie with good performances . I especially like Danny McBride and Jorma Taccone - they do an excellent job in their respective roles.THere are a lot of very funny situations and plenty of quotable lines . And I really like that this stays true to its own goofy vision all the way to the end . I personally hate it when comedies feel the need to `` have heart '' or get sappy in the final third . Pathos and poignancy can have a place in comedies , but you do n't have to suddenly forget that you 're making a comedy to include those.I think the bottom line is that if you go in with low expectations you might be pleasantly surprised . But , frankly , I 've seen many `` hit '' comedies that are much less funny than this .
 I have to say that although I was slightly disappointed that the Hollywood film was pretty far removed from the original Saturday morning TV series , I mostly enjoyed watching the Land of the Lost movie . They kept enough of the original concept to make me happy such as the Sleestaks , the weird pyramid portals , and the dinosaurs which were , of course , infinitely better than their stop-motion counterparts from 1974 . I was somewhat concerned about this being a Will Ferrell vehicle , though , despite his ability to handle camp and kitsch . It turned out that he was okay in this . The problem I had , as with most Will Ferrell vehicles , is the crude scatological humor . Unfortunately , this film is marred by some gross-out scatological gags which I felt were completely unnecessary . Speaking for myself , I do n't care for gross-out toilet humor.Despite that complaint , realizing that this movie would NOT be the Sid & Marty Kroft kid show I remember so fondly from my youth , I largely enjoyed it . The acting from Ferrell and Danny McBride was the standard fare you 'd expect from them , but they did make me laugh . Anna Friel played her part in a much less over-the-top manner and was a delight to watch . The effects were great , and the original concept of the Land of the Lost being something more akin to a parallel reality was kept intact . The crystals were there , the pyramid portals were there , the Sleestaks looked great and managed to be fairly creepy and menacing and it was really cool hearing Leonard Nimoy voicing one of them . I 'm very fond of the original series and I went with two people who had no knowledge of the original , and we all found the film enjoyable as light , silly , campy entertainment.If you are a fan of the original series and take it seriously , you will likely be disappointed . However , if you go into it expecting silly , fun entertainment , and especially if you have a liking for sci-fi , then check out Land of the Lost . I think you 'll enjoy it . I would give it a 3 stars out of five , but since I ca n't do half stars , I 'll give it the benefit of the doubt and props for getting Leonard Nimoy in there and give it four out of five stars.Cheers!Brent
 I do not know what the critics or people in general where thinking when this movie got such bad reviews . I personally think it is Will ferrell 's funniest movie . To be honest it is actually Danny McBride 's movie.Freaking hilarious !!!!! I am going to buy this the day it comes out and will watch it repeatedly .
 hands down one of the funniest movies in years . completly ridiculous premise . great special fx . never laughed so hard in my life . brainless fun . director is a tool , but Will , Danny , and that ape guy are hilarious . loved the show as a kid . glad it bombed , makes it cheap to own and enjoy again and again .
 Land of the Lost is the first movie I saw three times at the theatre ! I loved it that much ! I watched the original series so that I could see the similarities and the differences . I ca n't believe so many people hate it . I do n't love it just because Will Ferrell is in it , I really love the storyline , and the gags , and the hilarious situations that Dr. Rick Marshall , Will , and Holly get into.Will Ferrell stars as Dr. Rick Marshall who has a theory about time warps . Nobody believes him , until he meets Holly Cantrell , who urges him to create a tachyon amplifier to enable time warp travel . They try it at an attraction and it actually works . They meet the greatest earthquake ever known and plunged down a thousand feet below ! They are transferred to a world where past , present , and future are blended together . They must deal with a T-Rex named Grumpy , befriend a Pakuni named Cha-Ka , and try to stop an evil Sleestak named Enik from gaining control of the tachyon amplifier and destroying Earth . In my opinion , this is an awesome , incredible , fantastic , cool , hilarious , Oscar-worthy movie ! I highly recommend LAND OF THE LOST !!!
 As a fan of the original Seventies series , I had high hopes for this film
 This spoof-satire is one of my favorite Ferrell flicks with an outstanding supporting cast working with an outlandish , mind-blowingly impossible script . If your hope is to see something based on reality then I suggest you look elsewhere . If you have ever seen the TV show it was based on -LRB- which was equally unbelievable -RRB- it uses that as a touchstone but takes that to a whole new level of craziness.We begin with Dr. Rick Marshall -LRB- Ferrell -RRB- as a scientist that develops some theories of time-travel . Although he gets some fame/infamy it seems like his theories are soon discredited and his career path has fallen to the level of working at the La Brea Tar Pits doing scientific demonstrations for children 's field trips -LRB- poorly -RRB- and validating parking in his spare time -LRB- see DVD extras for some hilarious deleted scenes -RRB- . He puts his machine together and gets convinced by the closest thing to a straight-man in the film , Holly Cantrell -LRB- played by the lovely and talented Anna Friel -RRB- who is not only virtuous and intelligent but has seemingly-unshakable faith in Dr. Marshall , to try it out . They are led by his Tachyon Meter to one of those weird middle of nowhere `` pray that the people passing by here stop '' attractions Devil 's Canyon Mystery Cave run by none other than Danny McBride . McBride plays his usual wannabe tough guy/trailer trash character , named Will Stanton in this case , who with his own brand of under-informed vanity , is a comedic gold match-up with Ferrell 's character.To cut to the chase they are soon transported to another time , with past , present and future mixed up in a wonderfully weird/oblique way , where they immediately encounter and save the life of their simian-human companion/resident tour guide Chaka , Jorma Taccone , who seems to be either leading them to danger or safety -LRB- it is often hard to tell if he just helped or hurt them or figure out his motives -RRB- . The interactions of this unlikely crew with all of the dinosaurs , lizard people , time portals , etc. . . as they try to alternately explore , escape and survive this bizarre new world makes up the rest of the movie complete with a sequence where they consume some type of narcotic substance in this strange desert landscape and have a trippy yet somehow bonding pool party , as if it was n't weird enough.I loved it and my wife -LRB- who thinks many comedies I like are stupid/ridiculous -RRB- and my kids loved it which is rare for all of us to like the same movie so much . If having to choose between `` Anchorman '' , `` Talladega Nights '' , `` Step Brothers '' or `` Land of the Lost '' again I think `` LotL '' is the funniest as far as laughing out loud goes . For what it 's worth I did n't really like `` Blades of Glory '' or `` Semi-Pro '' that much and I 'd generally avoid seeing them again . Ferrell has developed and cultivated this character that plows/stumbles through these situations , sometimes unintentionally , with the opposite of traditional leading man virtues . `` Land of the Lost '' is a great vehicle for his type of character . Ferrell is at his best when he is in over his head and this movie has seemingly endless opportunities for that . He comes up with nonsensical solutions -LRB- at least everybody in the audience realizes they are -RRB- and bravely , or crazily , tries to pull them off . Somehow or another he gets to the other side , and that is the fun part.The ending has two great setups for a sequel so hopefully some brave producer will get behind it someday soon .
 i lmfao every time i watch this movie . the actors are amazing ! will ferrel , danny mcbride and chaka are hilarious ... get this movie , is the best movie you will ever watch !!!!
 I went into this movie not expecting much , but still held moderate hopes for it beign the fan of Will Ferrell that i am . Sometimes i found myself wondering if Ferrell was just improving , but then concluded that even if he was , it was still hilarious . It 's definitely worth watching , it 's classic Will Ferrell . If you like his sense of humor you 'll like this movie , if you find yourself annoyed by it , then obviously this movie is n't for you .
 I figured this to be a kids movie . I knew it would be stupid , and it sure was , but it also had some nice funny moments and was a lot more adult than I thought it would be.There are some classic lines in there and I found myself fascinated with the ultra goofiness of each scene . Farrell does an excellent job playing the overblown failed scientist , just like he played the overblown failed racecar driver in Talladega Nights . That 's okay . He has a formula that at least in this case , worked just fine . Danny McBride is a great redneck sidekick and the British girl , ca n't remember her name , is great as the romantic interest and the only one that actually believes in Farrells character.This is n't the type of movie you watch for technical accuracy or intellectual stimulation , but for pure laughs , it kept me in my seat . Recommended .
 I grew up watching Land of the Lost , I had the entire theme song memorized ! It was super low budget , but written by a bunch of renowned Science Fiction writers like Larry NivenDestroyer of Worlds , Ben BovaThe Immortality Factor , and even Star Trek actor Walter Koenig !! The main writers of course were Sid and Marty Krofft who worked on this theatrical release as well , along side Chris Henchy who writes for Entourage and Eastbound and Down.Land of the Lost stars Will Ferrell as Dr. Rick Marshall , Anna Friel as Holly Cantrell , Danny Mcbride as Will Stanton , Jorma Taccone as Cha-ka , John Boylan as Enik , Matt Lauer as himself , and the Voice of Leonard Nimoy as the Zarn.I personally thought it was PERFECTLY cast , especially Jorma as Cha-ka who really steals this movie with his facial expressions , bleats of sound , and body movements . Its got to be hard to play a monkey person who has its own language and must convey SO MUCH in a performance without using the english language!Its a PG-13 movie , so not for little kids despite the tameness of the original tv series . It has sexual references , adult humor and situations , but its not too much for a 13 year old to handle if they are mature enough . parents who freak out that a movie is too `` adult '' usually have kids that are way immature for their age.Its a simple plot , a scientist finds a way to tear through time and space to a different dimension , he and some pals get lost there , and have to find a way back . There are bad guys who want to use the scientists device for evil , and there are harrowing events that seem to land in the laps of our heroes that might prevent them from getting back home and saving the universe!All the elements from the TV series are here , but they have built on them to make them even better looking , and in my opinion , hilarious . Are the effects mindblowing ? No , do they work ? Yes . My stomach hurt from laughing so hard , and i didnt go in expecting to love this so much . Will Farrell as of late hasnt been doing much but being `` Will Farrell '' in films , but with the cast he has to work with like Danny and Anna and Jorma his humor gets a boost in the right direction .
 With all the negative reviews for this one i was afraid that it would ` nt be thatgood ... well ... surprise ... i liked it . Will Ferell might not be the funiestactor in the world , but he does have a something that is different than otheractors ... and he uses it good in this film . If you are a camper , you willrelated to the mosquito hillarious scene . The scrip is pretty good and someof the jokes might displease special groups ... but i found them very funny.This movie has lots of good effects and a good budget . Its certainly a keeper.Bonus to have Ricky from the Trailer Park Boys as one of the actors !!
 I never liked Will Ferrell until I saw this movie . It 's very entertaining and funny and will sure become a classic . My 5 and 9 year old kids love it as well . Highly recommend !!!!!!!!!!
 This is a fun movie , even thought it bombed at the box office . It 's got , some good one liners and is enjoyable , Step Bros is a 50 star movie this one is still good .
 Come on was this movie really that bad ? Awesome camera work and effects . It 's a fun movie to watch and hilarious . This is one of my favorite Will Ferrell movies , he was damn good in it . And Chaka priceless lol . The original tv show Land Of The Lost , now that sucked donkey nuts , but the movie is awesome !! Why not rate the show for what it is ? And not for what you expect it to be ?
 The is movie is full of one liners . We 've watched it several times and we still love it . I know it was n't `` critically acclaimed '' but it 's a fun time .
 I love this movie , makes me laugh , every new situation that actors are facing , how they try to solve the problems I consider incredibly great , until the end . I recommend it , of course I do , with a soft mood for heavy days .
 I avoided watching this movie for years just based upon the trailers . I thought Will Ferrell was O.K. on Saturday Night Live , but found him a little on the `` silly '' side . I accidentally saw part of this movie late one night flipping channels -- I never laughed so hard.I now own this Blu-Ray and buy it as gifts for my friends and family . It has become one of my favorite movies of all time . Yes , Will is still a little silly , but the script , the premiss , and the other actors make it almost believable.Well worth a second look .
 My entire family loves this movie including my grandson . It 's Will Ferrell at his best . I would recommend it for anyone at any age .
 I grew up watching the tv series . And i liked that they did there own spin on it and it worked great !!
 If you have not seen the original tv show I think people wo n't appreciate it . I thought it was funny .
 As an avid , die-hard , geek small child fan who watched every episode and rerun of the series , I LOVE this movie . I quote mercilessly on facebook , for family and friends who must think there is an imported alcohol involved , I do n't care.You have to have at least watched one episode , otherwise , this will make zero , zip , nadda , to you . If you think a Sleestak is a pet infestation , you will hate this movie . If you think Cha-ka is something you order off a menu , you will hate this movie . If you think Grumpy is only found in Disney movies , you will hate this movie.I ca n't offer you an understanding or a better review , you had to ride that Kroft Superstars raft every Saturday ... Three moons , no clue ... Boom chicka bow wow ...
 If you do , you 'll have a ball watching this movie . I tend to be amused by Ferrell 's absurd non-sequiturs delivered in his own unique straight man style . Therefore I laughed at this movie until my tummy hurt . My wife stared at me for most of the movie with a look of puzzlement on her face . LOLIf you understand why its funny to eat dough-nuts with M&M s ; inside so that you do n't have to eat M&M s ; after you finish eating the dough-nuts , then you 've just passed the litmus test for whether you 'll laugh at this movie . If you do n't think the M&M ; thing is funny for any reason , give this a pass . Not everyone has to see and like every movie.Personally , I thought the special effects were very good , except for those that were intentionally cheesy to match the TV show , in good fun.The desert scenes were a real treat , with various objects from Earth -LRB- and elsewhere -RRB- sticking up out of the sand in various spots . I had a lot of fun just trying to spot all the odd objects scattered about those scenes.The characters have different relationships than the old show . Holly is `` all grown up '' , and very pleasingly so.And someone bemoaned the character development ? They should pay attention . Will 's character goes from being a disgraced scientist on a self destructive eating binge to a successful , self confident scientist , his theories validated , who can tell Matt Lauer to `` Suck it '' and get away with it . What more in the way of character development can you ask for than that ??? LOLNow , this is n't the great comedy of the coming decade , but if you like Ferrell , you will find amusement here . If you REALLY like Ferrell , you may be like me and get an ab workout while you watch . ; - -RRB-
 I watched a downloaded copy of this movie a while back while we were on a trip . It 's definitely a family movie and has jokes that are aimed at a fairly wide demographic . It 's a pretty funny movie , super cheesy but I think that was intentional . Not like the original series was an award winner . It 's a great movie to watch on a weekend if you just need something mindless and funny.I actually purchased this for an Atlanta hospital participating in the Child 's Play Charity -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- It was very easy to do and hopefully it brought some happiness to the people there .
 I ordered this as a girt , and it arrived safely , well packaged and even sooner than they said it would . Much easier than shopping in the mall .
 This is a dumb , but funny movie . It 's just makes you laught and have a good time .
 In my eyes the best Will Ferrel movie yet ! I became a fan because of this movie!Absolutely hillarious !! Brilliant sense of humor!It 's a matter of taste though . You either love Will 's comedy or you hate it . It 's not main stream -LRB- = not everybody get 's it ; - -RRB-
 This movie is unbelievably funny and i do n't know how anyone could give it a 1 or a 2 . Its one of those comedies where every single spoken line is funny in itself , not like many comedies where you have to wait for a series of lines to come out before you get to anything worth laughing at or where the action scene is the funny part . Year One is like that two . Funny how neither film got much for Hollywood reviews and movie critics and it never got a lot of buzz heading into the theaters . That probably says more about published movie critics than how good those two movies are .
 Marshall , Will , and Holly , on a routine expedition , met the greatest earthquake ever known , ... but this is n't the same Marshall , Will , and Holly . Instead of a father with his two children being turned into a stone-age Swiss Family Robinson , here we have Dr. Rick Marshall , an arrogant paleontologist with a theory about parallel dimensions that ruins his career until his fire is rekindled by sexy Brit Holly Cantrell , a newbie scientist who is fascinated with his work . Together , they follow Marshall 's tachyon amplifier invention to a roadside tourist trap in the desert that proves to hide a vortex to a parallel world
 had slow moments in the beginning , but picked up quickly . my 5 kids thought it was amusing to watch .
 I like the movie a typical Will Ferrel movie , funny yet odd . if you like Will Ferrel 's movies you 'll like this one .
 If you like Will Ferrell , then you will like this movie . People say it was stupid and did n't accurately portray the series . Well maybe thats because its meant to make you laugh at the slee-stacks not take them seriously . And do Ferrell and McBride conjure up images of serious actors ? No . Its a Ferrell/McBride and Chaka comedy -LRB- oh that Chaka is a thousand laughs ... -RRB- . With that cast , what did you expect ? If you like good old fashioned silly comedy , then you will like this movie . I watched it twice in one week . One time sober , the other drunk and had fun both times . Watch it !
 I will preface this review with a qualifying statement
 like it so much we bought itwish it was more g rated do n't care for humor that is based on typical dumb sex stuff
 My son 's words
 Despite being Will Ferrel , he is funny in this film.The film is all self indulgence.It 's well aware of its story and whats happening and has fun with it.As a person who never saw the show that much its a delightful iteration of a concept.The humor is spot on and it 's rather enjoyable . The approach of the t-rex Grumpy is delightful and its interaction with Will is funny.I have enjoyed re-watching this film with friends and family alike and we have enjoyed its humor .
 Keep Will Ferrell 's movie persona in mind and you will not be disappointed with this purchase . This movie really is funny .
 This was a really funny movie . I do admit however , that it 's not fully funny at first and you 'll probably have to watch it several times before you start to really appreciate it for what it is . Do n't listen to the review sites and give this movie a shot .
 I think it is silly , but kids wanted to order . Would recommend it to anyone with children over 5 years .
 After looking on all the online streaming sources for this movie I found it on Amazon , on Blu-Ray nonetheless , at a great price . Besides , I would rather own the physical DVD that a digital copy anyway . This is Will Ferrell 's funniest movie so far in my opinion . Old School is a close second though .
 We watched this movie on our DVR , kept it around , watched it again , and then again , and then again . By the third time , we found it to be really funny and my family still quotes the movie all the time . It 's not ` Black Swan ' but life 's too short to ignore this movie . I only wish they 'd do an ` Extras ' version but that 's probably not going to happen .
 This movie is hilarious . I rented it two days before Christmas Eve when everything else was already out . I laughed until I cried . I knew then I had to add it to my movie collection . I have watched it several times with my family since receiving it . Highly recommended . Do not let it 's rating fool you . It does have some adult references , but no nudity or horribe language . Perfect movie for a night in with the wife and teenagers .
 I 'd read plenty of negative reviews of the film before deciding to give it a look.What the film lacks in cohesiveness it makes up for goofiness . It is most definitely a vehicle for letting Will Farrell run wild and free . It was n't a script in search of a star so much as it is a familiar premise functioning as a playground for a comedic improv actor.I would n't say it is `` based on '' the classic Saturday morning series so much as `` inspired by '' it.Nevertheless , the cast seem to have fun in this lighgweight romp and it makes for a reasonably funny way to pass 90 minutes.I do n't know if I 'd buy it for my home video library but I certainly would n't object to watching it again from time to time.I did n't get to listen to the Director Commentary track before I returned the rental disc , but I 've listened to others by this director and he tells interesting stores.And the cameo by Matt Lauer is worth the price of admission !
 Always loved THE LAND OF THE LOST original 1974 Acid & Marty Krofft show , even when walking around in pjs on a Saturday morning and watching it on our black n white TV . I bought the second season of the series not long ago . So I knew I had to see this . And even though Will Ferrel is usually hit and miss with me -LRB- more often miss than hit -RRB- , I thought this was the best thing he 's done in a long time ! And really , it 's kind of a clever spin/spoof on the original that does manage to generate a fair amount of interest even in terms of an adventure story . It 's great seeing how they come up with things that we know from the original . The dinosaur was certainly fierce , well-done , and filled in nicely for Grumpy . I thought the Zarn guy , Enic , could have been a little more convincing , a little closer to the original perhaps . Finally , the story stayed true to the original not in it 's comedy flavor , but just in how whacked out it was falling in and out of this dimension and that one - the original Land of the Lost is true sci-fi -LRB- albeit on low budget -RRB- . This one also managed to bring forth and add some new twists to the old `` routine expedition '' gone terribly awry . And terribly ridiculous as well . I think this movie was a great idea.PS I watched it twice - the second time with friends . I liked it as much or better the second time . Some really funny scenes and kind of a clever story as well . Scenes with Chaka are HILARIOUS -LRB- `` I am your master , Chaka '' -RRB- . This film is gon na be a classic one day .
 The movies is great . Both my sons 10 and 12 enjoyed this movie a lot so that 's why I decided to purchase it . Funny stuff all the way through . Actors did a great job with the parts they were given . Definately a thumbs up from us 3 :--RRB- Shipped fast and in condition described . Happy with purchase . Thanks : - -RRB-
 I do n't know what 's with people complaining and criticizing this movie soo harshly ... . It 's Will Ferrel and Danny McBride , what normal people who have watched their previous movies expect is that it 's gon na be Will Ferrel and Danny McBride funny . I know it 's not for everyone , but nothing will satisfy everyone , I mean nothing ! c'mon . This movie might not in accordance with the classic Land of the Lost , but by seeing the cast and preview , we should expect the typical comedy movie , might be a parody in this case.I personally enjoy this movie a lot , actually my whole family enjoy it . It 's a little bit crude humor with some foul language but in this era we live right now , most of movies made in the last 4 years are like that and even worse . This one have their moments alright . If you enjoy this movie as itself , without comparing it to the previous or original version , it 's great , crazy and silly funny as usual Ferrel and McBride , plus some adventure and pretty good message . I enjoyed the -LRB- little bit -RRB- more serious and focus spirited Will Ferrel as dr. Rick Marshall who sometimes got really tired and wants to quit but at he never really quits by a strong friendship and supports , better message than most of his previous films , great comedy , little silly foul language and crude humor , funny story , great cast , hilarious great chemistry between dr. Marshall and Chaka , Marshall and Will , etc. , what else can we ask from perfect comedy adventure movie casted with Ferrel and McBride?Just sit down , relax and enjoy the ride , whooohooyy !! it 's hilarious , trust me , especially when you 're Ferrel or McBride 's fan
 Funny movie with great CGI and good acting . I remember parts of the original series when it came out , and this movie had enough similarities to make it work . The film really taps into the whole wild west / dinosaur / outdoor adventure / quantum physics concept of the original and adds Will Ferrell 's nearly-over-the-top comedic style . The supporting cast worked very well with him . Definitely fun to watch for what it is .
 I actually saw this film in the cinema and loved it so much . I honestly do n't know why it got so many bad reviews by the critics because it was one of my favourite films of 2009 . I am also not a big Will Ferrell fan but loved him in this.I am a big fan of the original serious from the 70 's and was quite disappointed when I heard that they we making this a comedy instead of an action/sci-fi film . But that being said they took some very childish subject matter and made it very funny . I find myself and a lot of my mates talking about or quoting this film quite often . I really think this film will be a cult classic for many , many years.I was lucky enough to see this in the cinema on opening weekend when the cinema was packed so there was a lot of really good loud belly laughs that stay with you . I came out of the cinema with my side hurting from laughing that being said its really , really juvenile humour but it is so funny . There is one scene where Will and his mate are very high and they look up and see this huge , monster size crab running towards them and their reaction and following results is one of my favourite comedy scenes of all time . I 'm laughing just writing this!If you want a silly , very funny film to watch on the weekend with your mates while drinking cold beer and eating hot pizza this film is worth every penny and more .
 Watched Will Ferrell ever since SNL . He is wonderfull . This is one of his best films . I laughed my butt off .
 OKAY , MY HUSBAND `` MADE '' ME WATCH THIS 10 TIMES - EVERY TIME WE GET MORE LAUGHS-CAN ' T BEAT THE PRICE EITHER GO WILL-GO CHOCKA ! LOVE IT !
 Thought it would not be a good one based on reviews , but got it for free and we really enjoyed it . There were some scenes that could have been cut to make it family friendy but overall very funny .
 Good Price for movie . Havent watched the dvd yet but seems to be in good shape .
 This movie is a must-see , Will Ferrell is absolutely hilarious . I really do n't know what all these negative reviews are for , this movie had me laughing nonstop ! Just about anything Will Ferrell does is awesome .
 The first time i watch this movie i was undecided about how i felt . . It was silly and kinda like oh my goodness . . But you know i watched it again because i love Will Ferrell as well as Danny McBride and this movie is truly great its funny and silly and just a joy to watch and i mean common if you take it seriously and cant laugh because you find it stupid then go read a book because life 's to short if you know what i mean . . So let go of your serious movie watching expectation and prepare to enjoy a movie that is just great to watch . .
 I really liked this movie . I also remember watching the 70 's version of this when I was just a little puppy ! This movie does it justice -LRB- IMO -RRB- !
 Before I start the review let me point out that I am a huge fan of the Land of the Lost television series . Also , outside of SNL , I have never watched Will Ferrell . Nor did I know anything about the acting styles or comedy methods of Danny McBride and Jorma Taccone . I have seen Anna Friel before , in a few episodes of Pushing Up Daisies , but that 's it . I love science fiction and I love weird , wild , twisted stories that force you to think.After saying all that , you now know why I enjoyed the movie . I am not tired of any of the stars , having never been exposed to them in a full length feature before . I enjoy the twisted setting that is Land of the Lost and was willing to dive right into the landscape and story . I enjoyed seeing a part of my childhood put into a modern movie and I frankly spent most of my time laughing my head off . Lots of add-lib by the actors.True , lots of sexual humor , crude jokes and bad language , with one scene on which many of the characters get smashed out of their minds . In other words they get high . But it is PG-13 , so you should not be surprised . Nice extras , would have liked more , but the commentary by the director was OK .
 I usually love Will Ferrell but I just ca n't see to get into this movie . Not one of my favorites !
 I really thought this was fantastic . Of course it is n't anything like the original but jeez , why ca n't you find enjoyment in this comedy remake ? If you have a sense of humor and love to laugh , pick this up . Especially for 7 bucks
 This was the funniest movie of the summer , hands down -LRB- yes , I saw the Hangover -RRB- . Going into this movie I was expecting a light-hearted lame family comedy based on a TV show I never watched -LRB- therefore full of references I would n't get -RRB- but was blown away at what I actually saw . This is n't a family comedy at all but a raunchy comedy full of sex jokes and even a drug trip . From the opening scene of the movie with Will Ferrell on the Today Show with Matt Lower and explaining how he went on a 10,000 calorie binge to the end of the movie with Will Ferrell on the Today Show with Matt Lower , this movie does not stop with the laughs . Will Ferrell and Danny McBride , two of comedies best improvers , in their first movie together , have an even more organic feel to them then Will Ferrell did with John C. Reilly in Talladega or Step Brothers . What killed this movie was a few bad reviews from people who were either huge fans of the show and did n't get what they expected , people expecting a family movie where there was n't one and , the big one , the terrible idea of releasing it on the same weekend as The Hangover -LRB- a much more publicized movie by the director of Old School , Will Ferrell 's second best movie -RRB- . If this movie been released a week later -LRB- all it would have had to compete with is another failed Eddie Murphy comedy , Imagine That -RRB- , a more accurate ad campaign that displayed it 's true dirty , hysterical nature and PEOPLE GOING TO GO SEE IT ; it would have done a lot better . Do n't miss out out this uproarious comedy of WF and DMcB at the top of their game.P.S - MATT LOWER CAN SUCK IT ! -LRB- You 'll get it when you see it -RRB-
 IMO Danny McBride totally steals the scenes in the film . He has the funniest lines and delivers his lines the best.I recommend this to any Danny Mac fans out there = -RRB-
 this is funny good movie and if your a fan of time travel in the fourth dimension then this is for you thats why i liked it so much , plus will ferrell is funny in a unique way . ferrel style is different
 I thought the movie would be stupid . But it was so freaking hilarious . And effects were amazing . I loved it . A +
 Land of the Lost is the first movie I saw three times at the theatre ! I loved it that much ! I watched the original series so that I could see the similarities and the differences . I ca n't believe so many people hate it . I do n't love it just because Will Ferrell is in it , I really love the storyline , and the gags , and the hilarious situations that Dr. Rick Marshall , Will , and Holly get into.Will Ferrell stars as Dr. Rick Marshall who has a theory about time warps . Nobody believes him , until he meets Holly Cantrell , who urges him to create a tachyon amplifier to enable time warp travel . They try it at an attraction and it actually works . They meet the greatest earthquake ever known and plunged down a thousand feet below ! They are transferred to a world where past , present , and future are blended together . They must deal with a T-Rex named Grumpy , befriend a Pakuni named Cha-Ka , and try to stop an evil Sleestak named Enik from gaining control of the tachyon amplifier and destroying Earth . In my opinion , this is an awesome , incredible , fantastic , cool , hilarious , Oscar-worthy movie !!! I highly recommend LAND OF THE LOST !!!!!!! p.s. It 's been awesome writing 700 reviews , and look forward to writing 700 more !
 Arguably one of the dumbest films this year , and probably one of the biggest tanks this year -LRB- budget vs. revenue -RRB- . But , Universal tried to make up for it here with a packed Blu catered to both the old series fans and Will Ferrell/Danny McBride followers.I will skip the content review as any competent review out there picks apart the million things wrong with this movie , so that leaves clarity , sound and supplements . The Blu clarity is as solid as can be from Universal , so with that comes the tons of shortcomings on the effects . Not your benchmark display test for an effects film ; the stages come across fake , the green screen lines are prevalent but the dinos appear fairly realistic . The DTS gets TONS of usage so one can get some nice channel variances . The supplements are what give this 2 star film the extra bump . * 20:20 minutes of deleted scenes . For what this film became , most of these would have bored the kid audience and got cut ; the first ten minutes are all character stuff with Ferrel 's persona . The last few minutes would have been more closure on the love story angle . The McBride fans would only get one or two moments here of extra banter from him . * 11:00 minute Day in the Life of a movie star - Danny McBride . A camera crew follows him during a typical day at the set , including the usual fake banter between Ferrel and him , boring trailer tours , make-up sittings , etc. * 6:45 minute Devil 's Canyon Tour . A great plug for the prop department as McBride takes you through all of the items in his store . More of the fake stuff between Ferrel/McBride on set . * 83 minutes making-of . Wow - was almost longer than the film . Covers every single aspect of production . Plenty of interviews , set pieces , set decoration , logistics , wardrobe - everything . Catered to the film-making crowd and buffs who like the looooong documentaries like this . * 23 minute Kroffts interview . A sit down with the both of them as they review everything about the original series and their associated works . * Director 's commentary . * DBox enabled.I could not rate this higher -LRB- a five star -RRB- because of the poor content and listing of bad effects showing through on Blu . But the sound and volume of supplements -LRB- catering to a variety of followers -RRB- gives this entire package a good rating . I am a huge McBride fan and honestly feel his comedy is utilized way better inEastbound & Down
 Arrived on time . I watch it all the time . Packaging was sturdy so nothing broke into it . Arrived brand new .
 A SIMPLE CURVE is a little Canadian film courtesy of Film Movement that has a nice style and solid cast to relate what happened to the men and women who fled to Canada to avoid the draft for the Vietnam War . Since the Baby Boomer Generation now makes up a large part of the audience this story will resonate with both parents and children . ' A simple curve ' may refer to the woodworking genius of the main characters , but is also refers to the results of happenstance from a period of free love resulting in some questions about biological parenting , throwing a simple curve into the philosophy of family.Caleb -LRB- Kris Lemche -RRB- lives in the extraordinarily beautiful mountainous wilds of British Columbia with his father Jim -LRB- Michael Hogan -RRB- , barely surviving on the meager income of their woodworking shop . The mother/wife died some time ago from a protracted illness and that event has both bonded the father/son and created a festering pain they must face daily . Into their lives returns an old friend of Jim 's from the hippie days of expatriation
 Jim , who was part of the generation who rebelled against the values of their parents in the 60 's and who fled to Canada rather than participating in the Viet Nam War , is now almost 56 . His wife has recently died after a long illness and he is left alone with his son , Caleb , 27 . Jim has built a rustic but beautiful home for his family and established himself in a business as a master carpenter , turning out one-of-a-kind pieces of fine furnitre , along with Caleb.His business is on the verge of failure , however , when a wealthy entrepreneur flies in from America to set up a tourist attraction in the area . It turns out that this fellow , Matt , was once a rival for the attentions of Jim 's former wife , and may even be the biological father of Caleb . He offers Caleb and Jim a deal to make furniture for the proposed resort if they will cut a few corners and compromise the integrity of their work . Caleb goes for the deal which cuts Jim to the quick , violating everything he stands for.A latter day hippie couple come through and Jim offers them a place on his land to erect their teepee . He feels warmly towards them as they remind him of his early days . They irk Caleb , though , with their righteous rhetoric and impractical ideas . History repeats itself as the girl seduces Caleb and the possibility exists that he may have fathered her child ... The tensions between generations and values is brilliantly told in this film . The whole cast is perfect . The gorgeous scenery adds to the enoyment of the film . My only complaint is that the ending was a tiny bit disappointing . However I strongly recommend the film .
 The Film Movement DVD `` A Simple Curve '' is set in the Kootenays region of Canada , perhaps around the Arrow Lakes . The gorgeous mountain and water scenery is breathtaking . Kris Lemche who was in `` Final Destination 3 '' & `` The Last Casino '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- plays the lead , Caleb . Caleb is 27 years old and lives with his father . They are in the process of getting over the death of their mother/wife who died of an extended illness . Lemche 's excellent performance anchors the film , as his character anchors the family in the story . Michael Hogan who has a long film career with over 20 features including `` The Peanut Butter Solution , '' `` Cowboys Do n't Cry , '' & `` Solitaire '' for which he won a Genie Award -- Canada 's Oscar -- for Best Supporting Actor plays the father Jim . Jim is an old hippie who likes to skinny dip au natural and is a master carpenter . However , the carpentry business he and his son have established is not doing well as cheaper products made of particleboard supplant more expensive real wood products . Matt Craven comes along as Matt . Craven is a recognizable face and has played in films like `` Blue Steel '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , `` A Few Good Men '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- & `` Crimson Tide '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . His character is Matt , a contractor who tries to promote a lodge on the lake that would throw a lot of business toward Caleb & Jim and keep them solvent . There is a friction between Matt & Jim . We learn that both shared the affections of Jim 's wife before they were married , to the point that Caleb could be either one 's son . This revelation occurs as the lodge deal falls through . Caleb tells both of his fathers to F off & departs on a nomadic adventure . Meanwhile , two young hippies played by Pascale Hutton & Sarah Lind -LRB- Erika -RRB- have moved in . In a night of mistaken passion , Caleb repeats his father 's pattern by sleeping with Erika . They have a daughter ; and the father wonders if he or Caleb is the biological father.The film starts out a bit slowly and has kind of an open ending to it as Caleb returns to the valley . I 'm sure this is intended to impress one as being artistic , leaving suggestion as to what could occur . It strikes me more as half-baked . Themes of grief and adjustment resonate ; although it took me about 3 sittings to watch the DVD . I was glad I 'd seen it , but my life would have been complete without it too . Some of the scenes are cute like Caleb sitting on the open-air outhouse looking at the mountains as his father wants to have a serious chat . There are some sweet father-son moments as Caleb throws a surprise birthday party for Jim.The film won the Nantucket Film Festival , Cinefest Sudbury International Film Festival & Two Leo Awards as well as being an official selection of both the Toronto & Vancouver International Film Festivals.The short film `` Lucky '' by director Avie Luthra is quite moving . From South Africa and the United Kingdom , it follows the story of a young boy named Lucky who heads to the city of Durban when his mother dies of AIDS . His uncle appears ill prepared to assume the guardianship of a young boy , kicking him out in the middle of the night so he can entertain a local girl . An Indian woman who lives several apartments down is a racist and apparently hates Zulus . Without friends , Lucky brings her water to try to befriend her . He also wants to listen to a cassette tape his mother left for him . The Indian woman hits him in the face with a broom , causing bruises . Eventually , the Indian woman feeds the boy and allows him to sleep on her sofa . The film is a positive one , speaking to the need for human understanding over racial stereotyping . The short won the Best Short Film Award at the Aspen Film Festival . The brilliance of the 18-minute short earns this DVD another star . :-RRB- Enjoy !
 A Simple Curve is a down to earth , favorite film of all time . Plus , this was the writer/producer/director 's FIRST feature ... how remarkable!The story is simple , yet intriguing with interesting off-beat storylines -LRB- e.g. placenta consumption , the `` simple '' curve , and more -RRB- . The location is absolutely stunning -LRB- we LOVE Vancouver , BC -RRB- . The characters are very attractive too -- especially the ecotourism pilot ; and the soundtrack is absolutely divine!This movie is not for sensationalized viewers or those seeking stimulating action or Hollywood-related adventures .
 excellent all round film , both cast and script . this film was a perfect setting for matt craven ... the story revolves around a father and son who are stuck in the same gear . neither can move forward with their own lives after death of ` marjorie ' the mother . then ` matthew ' -LRB- craven -RRB- comes to town . and a young couple show up adding yet another dynamic . exceptional movie .
 I did n't know much about either the director 's or actors ' previous work , but I decided to watch the movie because I really liked the story plot.The acting turned out to be really good - Kris Lemche is very convincing as a young man juggling various aspects of his life , relationships and dealing with the dilemmas he faces along the way.A must viewing for anyone at the crossroads of their life :-RRB- And for all those who like clever storytelling , wise and with warm humor .
 Well , I 'm exaggerating , but Michael Hogan 's eastern Canada accent seeps through quite a lot for a supposed American living in western Canada . Likewise , both Matt and Michael are a few years too young to be playing draft dodgers , but all in all , they did a great job.This is a sweet , sweet little movie , and I have lived among similar folk in this very Kootenay setting long enough to see real people in place of many of these charming characterizations . And yes , this place really is as beautiful as it looks in the movie.Michael 's character of Jim is suitably stubborn , blinkered and irritating , but despite him being an artisan , he seems like too much of a yokel for many of the draft dodgers I have known over the years . Most of them are more academically inclined , having less of the Hick Factor.The movie deals with all kinds of coming of age and cross-cultural/cross-generational issues and is heavily laced with love/sex interests and humor - I loved the carob/halva scene above all . I 'm sure many Kootenay kids feel his pain.Hippy parents ... whaddaya gon na do?Definitely worth a viewing , y' all .
 This is a great sleeper . Just happened to see it by chance . Was n't really promoted -LRB- at least , not that I saw -RRB- . It 's well written , directed and edited , with some great scenes . If you enjoy understated comedy , you 'll probably like this . Very funny , touching movie .
 A Simple Curve is the coming of age story of Caleb , a young man who loves his father and wants to respect his father 's uncompromising standards for making furniture , but who is willing to compromise artistic purity if it will pay the bills . This difference with his father leads inevitably to a conflict over ideals . On a deeper level , when the woman he is falling in love with asks him a searching question about his desires and his connection to the place of his birth , he must examine himself and find his true identity.The writer and director , Aubrey Nealon , was born and raised in the Slocan Valley where the film is set , and he paints a warm and complex picture of the characters and settings of his childhood . Having visited the Valley often in my own youth , I was pleased to find that the film is faithful to the culture and fabric of the place , quirks , qualities , beauty , warts , and all.Many of the details of the film seem to echo Nealon 's own life , and the authenticity of the film is likely derived from his first hand experience . Beyond this `` true to life '' quality the film shines with the competence of the acting and direction.Michael Hogan plays Colonel Saul Tigh on Battlestar Gallactica so it took me a moment or two to adjust to him as Caleb 's draft dodging hippie father grown old in a rural setting . But once I adjusted , I gained a new appreciation for Hogan as an actor . He is equal parts grieving curmudgeon and lovable craftsman . Kris Lemche fills the character of Caleb with the right mix of anxiety and stability , so that you really end up rooting for Caleb to make the right choices , difficult as they are.I also liked that the film is consistently funny , that it faces morally challenging issues , and at the same time does not provide clear answers . Patterns emerge , and Caleb makes his way between the strange attractors of love , lust , destiny , and identity , ultimately maturing and returning to his own authentic self.If you love the Slocan Valley , or perhaps still hold on to some of those hippie ideals , or maybe you just like well drawn character studies , then this film will entertain and reward you . It really is a gem .
 `` Bomber '' does a great job of reminding you that sometimes the people you think you know the best , you do n't really know at all . It takes a somewhat already dysfunctional family - distant father , frustrated mother , conflicted son - and throws them into the one situation that can take its toll on even the closest of families
 A aging veteran wanting to return to the village he mistakenly bombed in WWII . A silly car accident forces a young 30 something son to drive his parents on a trip from England to Germany . Believable marital , family , generational and cultural complications . Suspenseful and humorous . 3-dimensional characters with excellent and subtle acting . Beautiful photography . The resolution that we need to express our emotions was simplistic and unsatisfying . While the use of the f-word was not gratuitous , it was overused for my taste .
 -LRB- special thanks to Film Movement for providing me with a screener ! -RRB- Family is one of the few things in our lives we ca n't choose . You can reinvent yourself in many ways , but your family is something you 're stuck with , for better or worse.In the film Bomber , Ross -LRB- Shane Taylor -RRB- , gets reminded of just how bad the `` worse '' part can be when he 's stuck driving his elderly parents from England to a small town in Germany . Precisely why his father -LRB- Benjamin Whitrow -RRB- , wants to go there is a mystery that 's not revealed until fairly deep into the film.Ross is a man who 's clearly been hounded by his father his entire life . His dad is definitely one of those men who is never happy with anyone or anything . We never quite find out exactly why , but the trip to Germany offers at least something of an explanation . His mother -LRB- Eileen Nicholas -RRB- , is a pleasant , long-suffering woman who clearly loves her husband and her son , and yet feels very alienated from both , which is no surprise given that neither treats her well.This is a good movie , but not always an easy one to watch . Both Ross and his father are jerks , both to each other and to Ross ' mother , throughout the film . Once Ross finds out why his dad is so keen to be in Germany , he calms down quite a bit . As for his father ? He remains largely the same , though in the final scene we get a glimpse of hope for a better future . == Short Subject == This month 's short film is the German movie `` Edgar '' . It 's about an old , retired man whose wife died recently . He feels useless and wants to work . He goes to a department store looking for a job , and then accidentally leaves while holding an umbrella he did n't pay for . He 's nabbed by the store security guard who explains that he wo n't have to worry about jail , but might have to do some court-ordered work . The old man gets a gleam in his eye ... To say more would spoil the movie . Suffice to say I really liked this short ! It 's intelligent , has a good message and the last scene had me laughing my backside off ! Definitely worth seeing .
 Bomber is suspenseful , funny and very well acted and directed . Beautifully shot , yet very real , you feel like you 've just taken an international road-trip . With themes that any adult can relate to , it illustrates the importance of appropriate boundaries , communication , appreciation and family . I highly recommend that you take the time to enjoy it too .
 Sometimes the resolution you seek is not the one you thought you 'd find when you start out on your journey . Paul Cotter 's engaging and witty film `` Bomber '' invites us to think about the stories people , yes , even family members , carry around inside their heads , without ever telling anyone else about them . Just as Holocaust survivors have been known to keep their memories in a compartment away from their normal everyday family life , Alistair has kept his own memories of the War in his head and heart for decades.So he decides to take a roadtrip back to Germany , with his wife Valeri and all-but-useless son , to visit the village he bombed accidentally as a young pilot during the second World War . He intends to apologize to its inhabitants for the destruction he caused . What this actually translates into when he gets there is a scene of him solemnly ` tidying up ' some bricks from a bomb-damaged farm building into a neat pile . It is a profoundly moving moment . The damage can not be undone
 Following on from the success of one of the best entries out of the entire series , Carry On Again Doctor -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , the gang retreat into another historical theme . The gang are all on an expidition through dark Africain 1900 and encounter a Tarzan type figure on the way and get kidnapped by an all female tribe . Lots of fun to be had . Only weakness is in its blatantly obvious studio setting , using inevitably enough real stock footage variously throughout the film . Despite that shortcoming , the film holds many fine comic moments amongst the adventures that take place in it . Frankie Howard takes a part origanally written for Kenneth Williams and gets top billing over series regular , Sid James . Frankie actually breezes into the carry On mood seemingly effortlessly and fills in the outrageous campness thats usually provided by Kenneth Williams . Although Charles Hawtrey is given third billing he is not seen until at least within the last 30 minute of the film . However his considerably small supporting role is used to great comic event deeming his character an integral part in the film . Joan Sims , a fine actress and comidienne is of good value in this entry and is most defintley in one of her best characterisations that deservedly gains a lot of screen time in this one . The hilarious scene where a snake winds up Sims dress and she thinks in quiet delight that Frankie Howard is making advances at her , is a classic . Kenneth Connor returns to the series , his first Carry On in many years whilst Terry Scott takes the Tarzan role that was origanally written for Jim Dale , but Scott comes into his own whils Jaki Piper and Bernard Bresslaw bubble along in the background but each do get to have some good lines to deliver.Carry On Up The Jungle drew a mixed critical response . Some critics claimed that this entry was weak in comparison to the acclaimed Up The Kyber -LRB- 1968 -RRB- and Cleo -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , but to me this firmly retains the quality of those entries . Although patchy in parts the film picks up a lot after the first half hour and is consistently funny from there on . The audience always has the final say and Carry On Up The Jungle was just another in a long line of huge box office success . Recommended !
 Following the hilarious medical caper Carry On Again Doctor -LRB- 1969 -RRB- -LRB- one of my own personal favourites in the series -RRB- the merry old Carry On gang retreated into another historical theme for what was the last Carry On film of the swinging sixties -LRB- which was the decade that the Carry On films were in their prime -RRB- , Carry On Up The Jungle -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . The Carry On films were always essentially British so it 's actually quite surprising that they enjoyed such renowned success in the U.S -LRB- where Carry On Nurse -LRB- 1958 -RRB- topped the U.S Box Office Charts , running in some cinemas for nearly three years !! -RRB- . Carry On Up The Jungle was really no exception and the film predicatbly runs through all of those familiar gags and double entendres that we 've all seen and heard probably 1,000 times before in other Carry On films but it 's the super-fine performances of the irreplacable Carry On players that ignite Carry On Up The Jungle into such a wonderful film -LRB- not to mention spot-on direction from Gerald Thomas aided by the always excellent production skills of Peter Rogers -RRB- . The Carry On gang -LRB- Frankie Howard , Sid James , Joan Sims , Terry Scott , Charles hawtrey , kenneth Connor , Bernard Bresslaw , Jaki Piper and Valerie Leon -RRB- find themselves on expidition circa 1900 through the darkest parts of Africa . facing the perils of jungle life they each find themselves in many comical misunderstandings that really could only have taken place in a Carry On film.The ever-crazy Carry On troopers all have their own reasons for joining the expidition . Professor Ingio Tinkle -LRB- Frankie Howard -RRB- and Claude Chumley -LRB- Kenneth Connor -RRB- are both dedicated ornithologists in search of the rare oozlum bird . Bill Boozey -LRB- Sid James -RRB- is simply along for the fun and adventures whilst the glamorous Lady Evelyn Bagley -LRB- Joan Sims -RRB- is in desperate search of her long lost son that she lost over twenty years ago in the jungle where she and her husband had been -LRB- laughably -RRB- honeymooning . June -LRB- Jaki Piper -RRB- is along for the ride as Lady Bagley 's faithful assistant where as Upsidasi -LRB- Bernard Bresslaw -RRB- leads the gang through the jungle -LRB- the entire film was infact filmed at Pinewood studios as the Carry On films were renowned for their cheap and cheerful shoestring budgets -RRB- . Along their adventures they encounter a Tarzan-type figure , Jungle Boy -LRB- Terry Scott -RRB- who , in a hilarious twist to the -LRB- rather thin -RRB- plot is revealed to be none other than Lady Bagley 's long-lost son . Jungle Boy also quickly succumbs to the-not-as-innocent-as-she-seems June and rapidly become lovers . The romantic scenes between the delightful Jaki Piper and always hilarious Terry Scott are played out beautifully.They are captured by a blood-thirsty tribe , The Noshers and as it seems as though they are about to be dropped barbaracally into a cauldron full of boiling hot water ready for the notorious tribe eat , they are hilariously rescued by an all-female tribe led by the formidable Leda -LRB- Valerie Leon -RRB- only to find themselves being held captive by them as the men of the group are forced to attend mating cermonies with some of the more unattractive women of the tribe.Leader of the all-female tribe known as the Lubba Dubbi 's is Tonka The Great -LRB- Charles Hawtrey -RRB- who in yet another laughably obvious twist to the plot , turns out to be Lady Bagley 's -LRB- Joan Sims -RRB- long-lost husband whom she had presumed was dead years ago thinking he 'd been eaten by a crocodile during their honeymoon -LRB- it turns out he 'd been languashing in the company of the all-female tribe for all those years -RRB- . Eventually they escape from the Lubba-dubbis after Professor Ingio Tinkle -LRB- Frankie Howard -RRB- and Claude Chumley -LRB- Kenneth Connor -RRB- find their prized oozlum bird -LRB- only to have it stolen again -RRB- and return to civilisation.Up Pompei star Frankie Howard as Professor Ingio Tinkle breezes into the whole Carry On phenomenon as though he 'd always been part of the gang where as head of the Carry On family Sid James beefs up his usually likeable , roguish , womanising character to great effect as the appropriatley named Bill Boozey.Joan Sims shines as Lady Eveleyn Bagley in one of her most lengthy roles in the series and also putting in one of her best characteristaions where as the effeminate and ever-eccentric Charles Hawtrey is just simply hilarious as the mincing Tonka The Great.Terry Scott takes on the role as Jungle Boy -LRB- which had actually been written with Jim Dale in mind who decided to leave the series after Again Doctor -LRB- ! 969 -RRB- to pursue other projects -RRB- which he makes his own whilst Kenneth Connor returns to the series after a lengthy absence -LRB- last seen in 1964 's Carry On Cleo -RRB- playing the jittering Claude Chumley in his own inimitable style.Completing the cast are Bernard Bresslaw who is hilarious as the blacked up Upsidasi , Jaki Piper in her first Carry On role playing June wonderfully and finally Valerie Leon as the formidable Leda of the Lubbi Dubbi 's . The film really scores best in its second half where they are kidnapped by the Noshers but one of the most hilarious scenes in the film takes place in one of the early sequences . One night the gang all sit down to tea in the heart of the jungle with Lady Evelyn Bagley being the only female present . Clearly relishing in the attentions of all the males a snake then slowly winds its way up her dress . She thinks in quiet delight that someone is making advances at her and after suspecting Bill Boozey and Professor Ingio Tinkle is rather miffed to think it is infact Claude Chumley making the discreet sexual advances towards her . After giving him a good , harsh slap round the face she suddenly realises it is infact a snake . The priceless look of shock and horror on her face on realisingthis is vintage Carry On!Though Carry On Up The Jungle -LRB- 1969 -RRB- is missing Hattie Jaques , Barbara Windsor and Kenneth Williams the film manages to stay afloat and emerges as yet another classic in the series . Some scenes are a little slow and tedious but over-all Carry On Up The Jungle is an enjoyable comedy that 's most defintley worth a look and will undoubtedly satisfy any lover of the genre . Recommended!Ian Phillips
 if you love any of the the CARRY ON films ... this is one to get . . due to the the very stunning visual beauty of VALERIE LEON a stunning 6 ` foot actress who plays LEDA queen of the lubi-dubis ... this film is a riot and note Valerie also starred in THE SPY WHO LOVED ME !!!
 Well , Peter O'Toole was never going to find another character or film as magnificent as Lawrence of Arabia . And his first films after that triumph were commendable attempts to avoid typecasting - What 's New Pussycat and Becket . But it was inevitable he would again become a tormented blonde Englishman in an alien environment . And he could have done a lot worse than starring as Lord Jim for Richard Brooks.Any discussion of this film has to concentrate on O'Toole and Brooks . That is not to say there are no other impressive performances , or that the film is not beautifully photographed or graced with a lushly evocative score . But the film is Brooks ' vision and O'Toole is the one who must bring it to life . They are both reasonably successful.Brooks obviously wanted to create an intelligent epic - one to rival the Robert Bolt/David Lean collaborations . But Brooks was both writer and director - and he was adapting a book that was as pyschological as potentially visual . Luckily for him , audiences in the 1960 's were more sophisticated -LRB- dare we say intelligent ? -RRB- and willing to think about what they were watching than today 's consumers of assembly-line disposable entertainment . So characters could discuss and debate as well as blow things up . Although the disjointed nature of some of the film suggests pre-release studio interference . In the end , the film is a commendable attempt - perhaps more worthy than enjoyable , but still with lots to hold the viewer 's interest.The southeast Asian locations are frequently spectacular and some sequences - the storm at sea and the final battle with pirates - are excitedly staged . The film always looks and sounds beautiful . And , for once , an international cast with various accents actually contributes to the flavor of the script and characters . Stalwart Jack Hawkins , industrious Paul Lukas , wily Eli Wallach -LRB- doing a variation on his Magnificent Seven bandit -RRB- and James Mason seemingly enjoying himself as a gentleman pirate . The `` native '' players are also unusually good . Only gorgeous Daliah Lavi occasionally seems out of place , looking more like a 60 's dolly bird than an exotic maiden.But , of course , it is Peter O'Toole who commands the greatest attention . He is seldom off the screen and is probably the main reason for viewing the film today . He is properly enigmatic although without the multiple layers of Lawrence . This may well be the only film in which O'Toole occasionally underacts . After all these years , I still remember the Mad Magazine parody of Lord Jim . Two extras keep asking which emotion O'Toole is displaying - anger , love , determination , fear , doubt . For each one , he wear the same expression.I 'm quite glad to have seen Lord Jim again after so long - and with it looking so good . It 's not a classic , not a film to be watched repeatedly . But it 's a fine example of a large scale epic that could also be thoughtful and almost moving . A relic of an age of big and brave film making .
 `` Lord Jim '' is handicapped by the fact that people will always compare it to David Lean 's `` Lawrence of Arabia , '' which had the same leading man and a similar theme . Despite its Conradian source , `` Lord Jim '' does n't have a hero as complex or a setting as compelling as Lean 's masterpiece . But it is spectacular entertainment , and a serious inquiry into the roots of human actions.Despite some B-Movie flourishes -LRB- Eli Wallach and Jim 's `` love interest '' are particularly risable -RRB- , the vulnerability and humanity of its hero captivate the viewer . And the Indonesian setting , while culturally very inaccurate , does evoke the mystery and exotica of 19th century travelogues . At its conclusion , the script tends to talk to death certain conclusions that the viewer could have reached on his/her own , but O'Toole is gifted enough to make it affecting . And anyway , the action sequences , and musky South China Sea atmosphere , are breathtaking.For those who complain that it is overlong , I suggest you view it as a trilogy , as it is divided quite neatly into three sections , each with its own conflict , cast , and rising momentum . The first is the best , but all have their own brand of power and fascination . I 've seen this film many , many times , and even the clumsy or silly parts give me enormous pleasure . I think you 'll feel the same way.In conclusion , I do n't share the general bitterness that Amazon endorses a reviewer like Leonard Maltin . He has simply seen more movies than anyone else -LRB- it 's his whole `` life , '' after all -RRB- , hence is more likely to have seen whatever film Amazon needs reviewed . It 's obviously a decision based on convenience , not ability .
 I had read where another reviewer stated an apt title for this film might have been ` Lawrence of Malaya ' as both films feature Peter O'Toole as a man who finds himself in a foreign land , fighting against an oppressive power structure , eventually earning the respect of the native peoples , but ultimately suffering from the undeniable fact that he is a stranger , and will always be regarded as such despite whatever honor and reverence imparted upon him by those whom he helped . Based on a novel by Joseph Conrad and written and directed by Richard Brooks -LRB- Blackboard Jungle -RRB- , Lord Jim -LRB- 1965 -RRB- stars Peter O'Toole as the title character -LRB- although the ` Lord ' part is n't assigned to him until much later in the film -RRB- . Also appearing is James Mason -LRB- 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea -RRB- , Eli Wallach -LRB- The Magnificent Seven -RRB- , Curt J&uuml;rgens -LRB- The Longest Day -RRB- , Jack Hawkins -LRB- The Bridge on the River Kwai -RRB- , Paul Lukas -LRB- The Lady Vanishes -RRB- , Daliah Lavi -LRB- The Silencers -RRB- , and Tatsuo Saito -LRB- Three Stripes in the Sun -RRB- . As the story begins we witness a young British sailor named Jim graduating from sailor 's school -LRB- or whatever they call it -RRB- and taking a commission on a ship commanded by Captain Marlow -LRB- Hawkins -RRB- . Jim seems a perfectly capable and able seaman , but he 's also a bit of a daydreamer as thoughts of gallantry and heroic deeds swirl in his head . After an injury leaves Jim in a foreign port , he signs on aboard the S.S. Patna , a rusty , decrepit tramp steamer carrying a mess of Muslims on a pilgrimage . Trouble occurs at sea and the ship appears in danger of sinking , which drives the cowardly crew -LRB- Jim finds himself terror-stricken , reluctantly joining the rest of the crew -RRB- to abandon ship prematurely in one of the two meager lifeboats . As they return to port , they 're shocked to see the ship they abandoned is now in the harbor , as it was salvaged -LRB- and all passengers saved -RRB- . Driven by guilt , Jim confesses to his sins , and is shunned by his fellow British sailors , becoming a social outcast , eventually taking any job aboard any ship in an effort to escape the shameful eyes that now look upon him . Eventually Jim finds himself in the employ of a trader named Stein -LRB- Lukas -RRB- , transporting munitions to group of natives indentured to a ruthless and philosophical warlord -LRB- Wallach -RRB- . Jim manages to deliver the weapons , but soon finds himself caught up in the resistance movement , fighting alongside the natives , perhaps in an effort of redemption , as he 's continually haunted and consumed by his actions of the past . His heroism earns him a level of acceptance from the peoples , as they infer upon him the title of ` Tuan ' , or Lord Jim out of respect . Jim seems to have found a place in the world , but , as one would expect , the past -LRB- which he had n't shared with his adopted peoples -RRB- comes back to haunt him in the form of a pirate named Gentleman Brown -LRB- Mason -RRB- . In terms of grand epics -LRB- the film runs a hefty 2 hours and 34 minutes -RRB- , I felt Lord Jim fell a little short in comparison to such films like Bridge on the River Kwai or Lawrence of Arabia . I guess the main issue I had was it seemed O'Toole 's character just seemed so distant to me . He was sort of presented as this man-boy , caught up in dreams of grandeur , yet mired within his own limitations and fears , subsequently haunted by a past he ca n't escape . I think he turned in a very good performance , but I just had a problem connecting with his character and so his cause never really became my cause . This lack of connection prevented me from investing too much of myself within the film , and often made me reflect on Hollywood 's general inability to properly relate source material to the silver screen . Perhaps this stems from the fact that some novels just are n't adaptable to film -LRB- but then I used to think that of Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings novels , and they turned out pretty well -RRB- . At times I thought the film was really wonderful , and had clear direction , but then other times it seemed a little disjointed . I did enjoy Wallach 's performance as The General as he was presented as cunning and thoughtful villain , instead of just a two-dimensional antagonist element used to drive the story . I thought James Mason did exceptionally well as Gentleman Brown , understanding Jim 's weakness so perfectly and using it to his advantage . I especially like how he was introduced , described by another character as a man that ` has given more people to death than the Bubonic Plague . He 's wanted from Madagascar to Hong Kong for piracy , slaving , mutiny , murder , arson , rape , and some things that are n't even mentioned in the Bible . ' After a build up like that , I could hardly wait to see the character , and I was n't disappointed . I did feel some of the supporting parts , especially the natives , seemed a bit weak and watered down , and existed not so much as real , supportive characters , but more as plot contrivances -LRB- I also felt this of the character of Stein , especially with the sort of creepy father-son relationship he had with Jim -RRB- . The in-depth and extended examination of the differences between one being a coward versus being a hero seemed a bit murky at times , and the concepts a little indigestible , but I think this has more to due with variances with regards to the source material . All in all a sweeping and entertaining film with a compelling heart and excellent production values that fell a little short of being a masterpiece , but not for lack of trying.The widescreen anamorphic -LRB- 2.20:1 -RRB- picture on this DVD looks decent , but some of the colors did n't seem as sharp as I felt they could have been . The Dolby Digital 3.0 audio is acceptable , and generally clear and distinct . Extras include a preview section featuring trailers for Lawrence of Arabia , Bridge on the River Kwai , and In Cold Blood.Cookieman108
 Conrad 's novel , like many he wrote , was on one level a ripping yarn , and on another , an exploration of the inner man . The psychological aspect to the story , written at the turn of the twentieth century , heralded a new style of fiction . This adds to its interest , although the heavily descriptive prose is an acquired taste.It is the journey of a troubled outcast , roaming the South Seas in a time gone by , taking us through adventure and ending in redemption . It is both glorious romance and personal enlightenment . The novel opens with a description of the character , a manly seaman , dogged and taciturn , yet susceptible to deeper agony . This was the essence of the story
 Long , long time ago I bought this movie at very steep price in New York as a VHS tape and was glad to have it all this time , but as regrettable as it may be , all good things come to an end and I threw it.The DVD is far better and has an excellent resolution -LRB- also due to the fact that it is presented in Letterbox format -RRB- and a wonderfully plastic sound.Peter O'Toole is still in his haydays and looks as young as he did in `` Lawrence of Arabia '' . The story is highly entertaining and adventurous and the movie moves with an elegance seldom seen these days.I wo n't bother you with details of the story . Everyone who is used to read good books and fine literature , already knows from what novel this movie has been inspired -LRB- just look at the title -RRB- . I can only recommend it as a valid complement to every movie collection that deals with well-made pictures and entertaining stories.On my part , I already cherish this as a tiny jewel in the crown of my own collection .
 If you favor the David Lean approach to grand scale epic film-making , you must n't miss a wide screen viewing of this gem . It is too thoughtful , intelligent , even philosophic to move at a pace which would suit devotees of todays thrill-a-minute offerings , yet it offers so many rewards which are seldom found these days . Amidst lushly photographed , exotic settings and loaded with fabulous performances by some of the screen 's all-time finest actors , `` Lord Jim '' dares to mix action adventure with a penetrating examination of moral issues like courage and honor and integrity . The visual production is wondrous and makes a quality widescreen edition intensely desireable and long overdue .
 As a child I was quite fascinated by this movie . It had all the ingredients to make it an excellent movie where one uses imagination . Made an impression on me as a boy and after seeing it again it is still enjoyable . They do not make movies like this any more . Those in the same ganre are based on special effects , this one -LRB- like Mutiny on the Bounty -RRB- are based on good story line . Gripping stuff . Highly recommended .
 How thin the line between cowardice and honor ? I think this DVD does a very good job of examining that question . A story of personal failure and the measure this one man was willing give to be able to feel his life had meaning and to find redemtion . What is your honor worth ? I enjoy this movie each time I see it because it makes me ask some very tough questions .
 The key to enjoying Joseph Conrad 's Lord Jim on screen is accepting the hero 's personal standard at face value
 This movie is a classic in many ways . The acting is superb , the settings lavish . The story treats age old conflicts with a style that makes this movie one you can watch many times and still notice more . Watch for contrasting themes such as bravery and cowardice , birth and death , white and black , light and dark , innocence and experience . This is a movie to be watched and discussed . Do n't pass this one up !!
 Joseph Conrad 's novel is a classic and Richard Brooks made a first-rate film version , with a great cast headed by Peter O'Toole in the early years of his career . Filmed in Super Panavasion 70 on locations in South East Asia , the film looks breathtaking in this excellent DVD transfer that has been remastered in high definition . Jack Hawkins narrates as well as appears -LRB- sadly , after he had had operations for throat cancer so his rich voice has lost some of its magic -RRB- and just when you think the story is reaching a conclusion , James Mason turns up for another chapter . Bronislau Kaper 's music score is one of the greats -LRB- also including lots of Asian gamelan instruments -RRB- and decades ago was a collector 's item LP . This anamorphic transfer recreates the visual impact of the film 's initial theatrical release and the Dolby Digital sound is knockout . O'Toole heads a fine cast and the film 's uncompromising finale will surprise many . First-rate sea adventure !
 It was nice to watch this film again , an old friend from my teen years . Fans of the novel know the story so I wo n't repeat it here . The film is true to the book for the most part , with an altered ending that brings comprehendable closure . Brooks ' screenplay allows Jim redemption and purification through death , suitably in the Malay ritual of his adopted people , a nice touch . I also took as a compliment to the story the stereotyped portrayal of the Malays , as a sort-of wallpaper for the European characters . This captures the essence of Conrad and it was refreshing to see this in this 1965 pre-PC film . I hate to think how a modern director would present this story ; no doubt it would be transformed into `` Apocalypto '' or `` Dances With Wolves '' , white-man-bad-brown-man-good . Very un-Conrad . I was struck by the similarities in music , set and overall feel to the Kurtz native army scenes from `` Apocalypse Now '' , another Conrad-based story that obviously inspired Coppolla . Overall , a 4-star film with beautiful photography , a good pace and well-developed characters . A minor minus for me are O'Toole 's effeminate mannerisms which I could accept in `` Lawrence '' , true to the alleged sexual orientation of that character . Here , they 're simply annoying .
 Lord Jim -LRB- 1965 -RRB- a film starring Peter O'Toole , James Mason , Curd Jurgens , and Eli Wallach , is based on Joseph Conrad 's novel of the same name . There is another film of the same name from 1925 directed by Victor Fleming , but this is n't it . This one was made a few years after Peter O'Toole won one of the seven Oscars awarded to Lawrence of Arabia . Alas , this picture is no Lawrence , but we get to see young O'Toole play another moody man seeking redemption . O'Toole does this part so well , the picture gets four of five stars . O'Toole also plays in Murphy 's War -LRB- 1971 -RRB- as a lone survivor of a ship sunk by a Nazi U Boat and he sets out to sink it . It seems his roles were typecast after Lawrence of Arabia , but the scripts did n't get much better for him for a long while.O ` Toole 's character Jim begins as a narrative by Jack Hawkins , telling us of Jim 's potential to rise to great expectations . Like many hopes and dreams of youth , Jim 's takes a turn when he is faced with a moment of cowardice while serving as the first mate on the S.S. Patna ; an aging vessel carrying Muslims traveling to Mecca as it 's cargo . A simular incident was known to Conrad in 1880 when he heard of the S.S. Jeddah also abandoned by it 's British crew during bad weather . The Jeddah was rescued by a French ship and towed to shore , just as the Patna was rescued and waiting in port when Jim and the crew of the Patna came ashore in their life boat . Disgrace came to the crew of the Jeddah just as it did to Jim . I suppose the reason I did not give Lord Jim five stars is because of this second part of the movie when Jim attempts to redeem himself through various self sacrificing deeds . It 's painful to watch as Jim goes through the inner torment that comes with dishonoring oneself and lives to regret it over and over again . This fear and poor decision based on panic is what confronts every person at least once during thier life and only a few sieze the moment to bring honor instead of disgrace . That 's what forgiveness is for , but Jim seems never to learn this and move on . Although it is very difficult to move on for many of us . I told my son , before he left for the military that there is something worst than death , it is living without honor . Lord Jim is what I think of as a man who lives without honor . The other characters in the film -LRB- Jurgens , Mason , Wallach -RRB- are the examples of men living without honor and finding reasons to stay in that dishonorable life , robbing others , lying , cheating , murdering . Jim is on the other end of dishonor , trying to make up for it by his good deeds . All the while secretly suicidal , knowing he can never live up to the measure he has placed in front of him that will erase his past deed of dishonor , always threatening to reveal his true character . In the end he gives into his fear of discovery and allows dishonorable men to challenge him for what they want most ; the gold in the village-the love of money is the root of all evil . And Jim trys to get what he wants most ; a chance to be a hero and redeem himself-pride comes before a fall . You can guess what happens without me telling you . Neither gets what they want in the end . A familiar tale . One that we all know to be painful to watch in others , let alone live it in ourself . It is a well done movie and O'Toole seems to be well suited for these roles . If you are young -LRB- younger than I -RRB- then you may not find this movie to be as gut wrenching as I did . If you have not found forgiveness in this life , it will be equally disturbing for you . Just know that forgiveness is available . I hope you are open to it when it comes .
 Having read the novel before finally seeing this film in it 's wide-screen format on DVD , I was expecting to be disappointed . Why ? Because it 's very hard to capture Conrad 's psychology of the main character , Jim , onto the big screen . O'Toole comes very close in a very under-stated performance which ranks as one of his most under-rated in comparison to `` Lawrence of Arabia '' where he was much more flamboyant . Here he displays his angst and deep disgust at himself for failing at a crucial moment in his life . Richard Brooks is not David Lean but he is still a very good director and he stages the battle scenes effectively plus utilizing the Super-Panavision scope very well -LRB- I did manage to see a rare but badly discolored 70mm print of this film in Hollywood -RRB- . Plus the supporting cast is superb with an excellent James Mason as the devious Mr Brown a standout . If you like an epic action saga with a touch of psychology in it then do check out this film -- they make it like they used to .
 One of my all-time favorites . Great locations , timeless story , excellent production values , and of course , a marvelous cast . No actor is mis-cast . The film never becomes maudlin or overly sentimental , though in another director 's hand that might have happened . It simply tells the story the way Conrad told it.My DVD library wo n't be complete until this is added to it . When will it be released on DVD ?
 one of the top ten movies i 've seen , and i 've seen alot . starts off slow but wait until the movie truly accumulates . toug to watch without choking up , a truly powerful movie .
 LORD JIM is a great film . It really surprised me how a great movie could be adapted from a bad novel ! The movie is AWESOME ! A great film for the collection . This film screams DVD Release ! Please do so . PULEASE !! Grade
 Based on the famous novel of Joseph Conrad written in 1900 , this film is lavish and magnificnet photographed . The plot turns around a seaman in the Far East . Filmed in multiple locations , Hong Kong , Singapur and Camblodia , it is very possible you enjoy this movie as well as the book . Directed for Richard Brooks with the ` presence of that astonishing actor Peter O Toole as Lord Jim
 Lord Jim expresses the ups and downs of a sailors life and how every port was his home . To me that is the best type of plot for any movie or novel . I give this move two thumbs up but PLEASE RELEASE ONTO DVD !!!!!!!!
 Colleen is very nice , i like her since the survivor series , on animal movie , she looked so cute and nice . rob is quite fun too , but i like deuce bigallow better than this since the plot of animal is more ` dr doolitle ' way to me . anyway , this is quite funny movie , comedy lovers should watch it .
 Once in a while everyone gets in the mood to turn their brain off for an hour or two and have some fun . If that iswhat you are in the mood for , The Animal is the perfect movie.This movie made me laugh hysterically from start to finish.Rent it , buy it , you 'll see what I am talking about .
 This is a truly funny movie . Although not everyone will agree , if you are looking for a good laugh , check this out . Schneider 's funniest since his role as announcer in `` Necessary Roughness . ''
 It 's rather amusing to read these smouldering reviews littered with mines of `` tasteless humor '' and `` toilet jokes . '' Come on , guys . It 's Rob Schneider with animal parts grafted into his body . What is there to expect ? Of course he 's going to hump mailboxes and sniff crotches . That 's what 's so funny!I think that this is Rob Schneider acting randomly and dynamically with the energy and force of free-moving electrons . Just hillarious . It 's not the kind of humor you 're pround to say you enjoy , but hey . It 's very amusing and entertaining to watch on a dreary day.So come on . If you are so quick to call this movie `` tasteless '' and the like , you obviously do n't know Rob Schneider . He IS tasteless , he IS random and silly . That 's what we love about his acting .
 This is a good movie . Rob put alot of thought into it . He 's a down on his luck guy , who gets strength , esteem , and confidence from animal parts . Do n't pass it up and ignore the professional reviews .
 Rob Scrneider is one funny guy . This is another great comedy . If you liked Duece Bigalo , you will love this flick !!
 its a good movie also with my background I can relate to the goings on in this movie . Also it shows in short order what goes on in our penal system , its a great movie as far as I 'm concerned period !!!!!
 I have always liked The Animal , it is a very entertaining movie . It has a good pace with a lot of silly humor , and John C. McGinley makes a wonderful co-star as usual .
 solid . the message is true , but it 's not just one man named Lynch , it 's an infantesimally few and varied individuals who propagate junk so the mass majority never become aware of what each and everyone is doing to each other . get beyond the senseless service most do for these infantesimal few - and wake up to helping and overcoming . it 's a mind game manipulation being played by the few . and even they are being deceived
 Rob is a fantastic comedian . I enjoy all of his movies . The one scene in this where he and his cop buddy go visit a farmer with a goat is hilarious ! I 'd also recommend another one of his movies , Hot Chick ... totally funny .
 This movie is typical of Rob Schneider fare , which does n't necessarily mean a bad thing . The storyline is a bit out there , but actually , overall it 's a rather good movie , some silly or naughty jokes , but not too much . basically the protagonist gets hurt bad , so gets some replacement parts from animals , and gains some animal instincts/behaviors which is good in some cases and bad in others . Colleen Haskell -LRB- of Survivor fame -RRB- co-stars in this film and makes a nice complement to Rob .
 Yes , it 's true Animal feels like a slightly low budget action film with some cheesy dialogue occupying the majority of the storyline , but for the most part , I 'm impressed with the characters , the suspense , the action , and of course , the storytelling.A father commits a crime and has to go away to jail . When he 's finally released several years later , lots of things have changed by that point involving his family , and specifically his younger son who had to grow up without a father.Well when the father finally returns home , everything seems fine at first , but eventually family issues come into the picture and everything goes wrong from there . I do n't want to spoil the things that happen though , since that would spoil the storyline for you , the readers.Anyway , the actual `` animal '' segments -LRB- the parts where the father plays a vicious fighter in jail who is n't afraid of anyone -RRB- was n't utilized enough to give the movie its name in my opinion , so in that small respect , the storyline has some disappointing segments.Also , Animal is n't straight-up action packed - instead , there 's plenty of storyline building slowly and interestingly to the action segments , which actually helps us appreciate the violent scenes when they finally occur that much more.Still , the focal point should be what occurs as soon as the father is released , and of course the very beginning of the film when you see why the father is in jail to begin with.I have a soft spot for movies like these - whatever people think of the storytelling and the acting skills involving all the characters -LRB- I personally am not bothered in the least by either of these -RRB- the fact remains I remained interested in Animal from beginning to end , so that 's why I feel like it deserves 5 stars .
 The Animal is about a wannabe police officer , Marvin Mange , who is just a regular guy . That is until , while alone in the police head courters , gets a call for help . Marvin , having no other choice , goes to the rescue , however he drives off a cliff , and another one and is severy hurt . He wakes up , `` dazed and confused '' , to find that he is ok , as a matter of fact , better than other . He can out run a race horse and amoung other things , get the respect of his fellow officers . When his Animal urges make it hard to control himself , it all goes down hill . Marvin must prove that he is a good guy , regardless.The Animal is a funny movie with a solid plot , and a solid cast , both human and not . Rob Schneider 's best to date , next to Surf Ninjas ofcourse , shows that good things can come in all forms , whether they be mamal or not . Collen Haskell , shows that anyone can be what they want to be , by having her first role , well second to Survivor ... , be a great choice . I was Really expecting that either she would either do bad or that the film would be bad itself . The story is a gem , with animals used frequently and not in a bad or hurtful way . Just incase you would of liked to of know , the name for the character Marvin , most likely cam from Rob Schneider 's father , who past away.Well allI can say now is that is a good movie and that I hope you found this review positive and please , see the movie.Have a good one.Ryan
 Went to this movie to see Coleen , a favorite from Survivor . She did a great job and I look forward to seeing her in other shows . But , the real reward for our ticket price was the absolute hilarity of Rob Schneider 's performance . The macho cop was well cast , also , and the whole experience was delightful . Congratulations to Coleen on her first movie , an all around success .
 This movie was pretty funny but you should n't watch it unless you like Rob Schneiders comedy SNL and other stuff like that . It 's pretty good . The girl in it is pretty cute and is worth watching just for her . Hope this helps ...
 I went and saw this movie and i was amazed at how funny it was ! it was the best movie i 've ever seen . My favorite part is where Adam Sandler has a cameo . It is hillarious . You need to buy this movie when it comes out . I give it a perfect 5 stars .
 this was , by far , one of the funniest movies i have seen this month . i dont know crazy , but i sure do know comedy . the acting in this one was quite breath-taking . rob schneider 's ability to portray a dolphin was quite exhilirating . Flipper watch out . your job is in jeopardy . Colleen was very good in it too . i expect big things for her . can someone say , `` Joe Dirt 2 '' ? Overall , i 'd say this has been rob 's best work since `` Surf Ninjas . '' `` The Animal '' is a must-see . If you dont see it , u will be missing out on a great American achievement in filmography .
 It is true that this is an of-told tale regarding the evils of life in the `` hood '' , but , it is another interesting interpretation of the ghetto plite . This one is based on the Willie Lynch papers that gave slave owners a program for controlling slaves that many people believe is the foundatiion for the self hatred and destruction that exists today in those communities . It is also about the relationship between fathers and sons , literal and figurative , that perpetuate self destruction . The acting is impeccable , especially Terrance Howard as the adult son , a man-child still searching for his father 's love and approval . Despite the previous review , this is a very worthwhile movie .
 This is a light hearted movie great for a boring afternoon . It made for laugh over five times out loud so I guess I enjoyed it . I think Rob Sneider is hilarious , when emulating a dolphin , or cleaning himself like a cat , it 's a major crack-up . And being a huge fan of `` Survivor '' , it was great to see Colleen Haskell in a movie . She is actually a pretty good actress . `` The Animal '' will put you in a good mood , it 's a funny movie with alot of laughs .
 On the special features menu go to `` who is marvin '' and hit enter . Hit enter again on the picture of his face . After the clip plays a menu will appear . Highlight the lion and hit up twice -LRB- 2x -RRB- . This will play the full clip of `` Who Is Marvin '' .
 `` The Animal '' is definitely not Robb Schneider 's best film but it is still a great comedy that will entertain and is worth checking out . This film is a bit of a cliche on the old plot of how a guy is picked on , something happens to him , and everybody ends up working out for him at the end ; but that 's okay because this movie works with that cliche by putting in a hysterical plot in the middle of it all , alas , the title of the film.Robb Schneider plays a guy that works for the police department 's crime evidence department because he could never pass the physical exam to become a real police officer . Because of this he is made fun of by his peers . When he gets into a car accident a crazy scientist puts animal parts into him giving him animal traits and this causes him to have bad experiences with other people . This plot is what works around the old cliche and it actually makes for a fun-filled movie watching experience.The reason that I am giving this film just four stars is because the movie is very far fetched and is nothing that takes place in this comedy is unlikely to ever happen . However , this movies shows how one person can overcome all the odds , even if by physical means , to finally get what he or she really deserves . The movie also has a bit of romance that is very light and is brought on in a comical way . These things will make viewers of this film appreciate this film on an emotional level as well as a level for the comedy.This film is great comedy because Robb Schneider is in it . Schneider is one of the top comic actors in filmmaking today and because of him this film really shines . `` The Animal '' is a must for a fan of Robb Schneider or for anyone that is looking for a comedy that will keep you laughing . This is a fun film that is worth seeing.Happy Viewing !
 rob 's funny and it can sometimes not be funny but over all it 's a great laugh .
 A Bumbling Police File Clerk -LRB- Rob Schneider -RRB- , who desperate wants to be a Cop but when he falls in love with an Cute Attractive Woman -LRB- Colleen Haskell -RRB- . Everything turns to the Worst , when he nearly dies on a Fatal Car Crash and a Mysterious Doctor -LRB- Micheal Caton -RRB- saves his life but the Doctor added an Infusion of Animal Magnetism , Literally.Directed by Luke Greenfield made a funny , silly , entertaining comedy . Schneider seems to be having one hell of a time , more than he did in Deuce Bigelow : Male Gigolo . DVD ` s has an fine anamorphic Widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- transfer and an good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . DVD ` s has good extras like : Two Audio Commentary tracks by the Director and Actor : Schneider . Deleted Scenes , Behind the Scenes feautrette and More . This is a Light-Hearted Fantasy Comedy . Adam Sandler appears in a Cameo . Grade : B + .
 Marvin Mange always wanted to be a police offcer . For days he 's been traning for the obstacle course . Then when he tries the obstacle course he does bad . Then a few days later he answers a 911 call and goes to the place on his way there he gets into a really bad car crash up in the mountains . Then a scientist finds him and put animal parts in him . Then a week later he goes back home . Then a few days later he meets Rianna and dates her , then one year later he marries her . When I saw this movie it was great it be more then two thumbs up . I wonder how the carsh was done that was pretty amazing how it looks real . Some of the effect I know like how they made the badger milk look old , How he was able to catch the frisbee , How he ran like a tiger to get away from a car , and how they made it look like the pee o the grass . You 'll find out all the effects when you buy the DVD.this flim is a special thanks to , Luke Greenfield , Rob Schneider , Adam Sandler , and John Schneider
 This is a funny movie I enjoyed it when I saw it at the movies last June and have been waiting for the dvd ever since . It is light funny entertainment that the family can watch together unlike so many movies today . The dvd is nice it has two commentries one with schendier and the othe with luke greenfield the directior which is very informative , havent watched the scheinder one but am sure it will be hillirious just like david spades for Joe Dirt . There are two short documentries featurettes one about nine minutes and one about twenty three minutes that feature intreveiws with the cast and crew which are funny and fun to watch . If there is a complaint about the dvd it 's the deleted footage there are a few very short deleted scenes that really add nothing to the movie , Where is the R rated mailbox and goat footage everybody is talking about on the dvd . I wish they would have made this in two versions like they did for saving silverman and then we could have seen all the trimed footage that is probally hillarious . But that is a small complaint buy this dvd and am sure you will enjoy it like I did .
 Although many people did not go to this movie in the theaters because of bad reviews , I decided that I wanted to go . My brother and I were the only two in the theater , which was good . This was the first movie I have laughed out loud at , and boy did I laugh hard .
 I thought that the Animal starring Rob S. was very funny and a great movie to sit down and watch to forget about those embarissing moments.thanks !!! Michael Nigro
 Here 's the lowdown on the movie : CAST
 Rob is the best in the movie because he is funny also ! That is why you sould rate this move a 5 stars
 All that matters is that Colleen Haskell is in this movie . She 's the reason it gets five stars as she proves a `` normal '' person who is self-effacing and modest can become a star without even trying . The movie may tank but Haskell 's career should only continue to rise as she is a natural talent and screen presence . Kudos to Colleen for a job well done !
 Rob Schneider is `` The Man with Animal Parts . '' That 's it . Period . And what 's wrong with that?Rob 's character Marvin got some surgery -LRB- without doctor 's informed consent -RRB- to have enormous power of various kinds of animals . So , Marvin , previously known as a big loser , can act like a dog -LRB- see how he can catch a flying object -RRB- ; like a cat -LRB- vomiting a fur ball -RRB- ; and like a dolphin -LRB- well , see it for yourself -RRB- . And he does lots of silly , silly things such as making love with a mailbox on the street -LRB- do n't ask me why -RRB- . It 's a pity that I can not convey the hilarious sensations of watching those funny turns of Rob Schneider , but if you know him , probably I do n't have to , I guess . if you do n't , remember this . `` The Animal '' is admittedly very stupid , and shows plenty of ` cheap ' gags , and the film is co-executive-produced by Adam Sandler , so you know what you 're gon na witness.But , cheap as they are , the gags are done with certain kind of power , and Rob Schneider does his best to create the silliest situations possible , which are without doubt a joy to watch . And if you try to imagine the patience and efforts put into making those ` silly ' things -LRB- like , swimming like a real dolphin -RRB- , I must say I feel even respect to him . You know , it is not the most comfortable thing in the world to be dragged in not-so-clean water , strapped to some machine , and to act like a dolphin convincingly -LRB- and joyfully -RRB- . Or , look at him when he feeds a baby bird with his mouth wide open . Yeah , it 's an absolutely crazy gag , but I guess the bird must have picked his lips too so hard , instead of the food -LRB- whatever it is -RRB- . It 's easy for us to dismiss this kind of comedy as silly , but when you see it next time , keep these things in mind.Anyway , the only criteria I can use here is , whether or not I laughed watching the film , and I did . And I found Colleen Haskell fairly good -LRB- oh , forget these Reality TV things -RRB- . Of course , she is not Jodie or Meg , but this comedy shows that her career looks promising given a suitable material .
 I cant believe people have given this movie less than 5 stars . It is a great movie and it puts Rob S. on the Adam Sandler level .
 if you liked deuce bigalow you should like the animal . there are some parts that do n't work that 's why i gave it 4 stars , however , the joke 's i felt were pretty funny . it 's definetly a movie i 'll own .
 If you 've seen Deuce Bigalow
 Though this movie may have some bathroom humor and sex jokes , it is till FUNNY . THis is a true comedy . Maybe it does not have a big story line but hey , it realy makes you laugh .
 The movie really made me laugh throughout . Rob Scheider did a great job of potraying the `` Animal '' in the movie . I watched this movie from Blockbuster about 2-3 years ago and I do n't remember much about the plot , but I do remember it was very funny . I took off a star because there is quite a bit of strange crude humor in the movie !
 i would have to say this is one of rob schnider 's best films since duce bigalow male gigalo . this movie is hilarious . i enjoyed it a lot and i hope you will to . I Recommend it for everyone
 This was just plain funny and very entertaining throughout the goofy 83 minutes . Crude ? Yes , at times , but what modern-day comedy is n't lately ? The PG-13 rating is a joke . With all the sexual stuff in here , `` R '' is more appropriate.Some of that sleazy stuff , to be honest , was pretty funny , though and there is n't much profanity . I really thought this would be a stupid film but Rob Schneider 's animal imitations are hilarious and , overall , this a very fast-moving , silly-but-lots of laughs film.Schneider , as `` Marvin , '' plays his goofy Deuce Bigelow-type character on us , trying to get the pretty girl `` Rianna '' -LRB- Colleen Haskell -RRB- . That 's about it , in a nutshell .
 if you like adam sandler you should definately see this . . rob one of his many friends that are always in his movies stars in his own comedy adventure this time . . the chick from one of the early survivor seasons is in here too as his love interest . . lol . . talk about 15 minutes of fame . . lol . . but its a good movie and id watch it over and over again .
 I thought Rob Schneider did a really good job ! He 's always funny in what he does . He plays Marvin Mange , who is very weak . He wants to be a cop like his dad , but he can never pass the obstacle course . When he is in a car crash , a doctor fixes him by putting animal parts in him . He soon has animal powers and can smell drugs in a man 's butt . Marvin dates a beautiful woman named Rianna , who owns an animal shelter . Later , bad things happen while Marvin is asleep , like cows being eaten , and a hunter being attacked . Is Marvin doing it ? If you love comedy , and Rob Schneider , you 'll love THE ANIMAL !!!
 My kids aged 7 , 11 and 14 absolutely loved this movie .
 This movie is so funny !!! I watched it 3 times and I laughed every time ... Rob Schneider is such a great character actor ! I really recommend it !
 If you like fart jokes , pee jokes , beastiality humor , you 'll love this movie . Colleen Haskell -LRB- Survivor 1 -RRB- is rather stiff and has no acting talent but some one had to fill the role of an animal loving love interest.Ed Asner is very convincing as the ditzy chief of police and has some very funny momments -LRB- `` I used to eat out of garbage cans , too '' -RRB- . Over all , one of Rob 's best efforts to date .
 I really went into this movie prepared for trite jokes and a little physical comedy , but I do n't think I ever went longer than 5 minutes without laughing -LRB- I might have messed myself up there with too many negatives , but you know what I mean -RRB- . Anyway , this movie was great for a good laugh , and leaves you feeling good . I really ca n't imagine anyone not finding this movie at the very least entertaining . Plus , the cameo by Norm at the end of the movie was classic .
 The animal starring Rob Schneider is a halarious movie . It is about a man the get 's in a car wreck and gets hurt really bad . Well , a man found him and took him to his lab and put animal parts in him . Then the man started haveing problems . He met a girl and he liked her and she liked him . At that time the man was trying to get on the police force . So his boss was trying to kick him off of it . Then he finally got on because he found some drugs on a guy just like a dog would ! So he got on the force ! Then the man that created him came back to get him because he could hurt somebody or get hurt . So he finally came back and the man told him what to do . And the man did n't listen ! So at the end of the movie he found out that the girl that he liked and the girl that liked him was the same thing as him ! Part animal ! So they got married and had babies and the babies were animals to . This movie is a funny comedy movie . You will love it !
 Definately one of the best comedies I 've seen . I liked to see all the different animals he could be . I like the dolphin and the goat part was pretty funny . I really laughed when he got beat up by the old lady , and then he threw a handful of dirt into her face . Comic genius !
 I live in the inner city , and am sometimes uncomfortable with what I see our youths values has become . Common curiosities , values , graciousness and morals seem to be a thing of the past . Family values are non existent , family is non existent , children are left to raise themselves , and their lessons on life values have now become street smarts . This movie `` Animal '' reaches all the impurities that we see in today 's society . Hopefully one day the cycle will break .
 Animal is a very intense and dramatic film with an all star African-American cast . Ving Rhames stars in the film as a man named Animal . He basically spent his entire adult life in prison leaving his young son to grow up without a father -- and a mother . Darius -LRB- Terrance Howard/Hustle and Flow -RRB- is raised by his grandmother and turns to hustling as a means of income . Darius has no problem cursing around his grandmother and he just appears to be a common neighborhood thug and he has no problem putting a hot slug in someone . Animal is in jail and ca n't help his family much while he is on the inside . Jim Brown stars in the film as a revolutionary who attempts to talk some sense into the barbaric and ignorant Animal.There were a lot of really great African-American actors in this film -LRB- Terrance Howard , Taraj Henson , Jim Brown , Ving Rhames , Paula Jai Parker , and Faizon Love -RRB- , but it pretty much has gone under the radar and has n't generated much buzz . It 's a pretty sad film , it is along the lines of movies like Boyz In The Hood , South Central , Juice , Menace II Society , and Civil Brand . It 's an interesting film .
 The Animal gets 4 stars from me just for making me laugh , out loud , with all the rest of the audience in the theater . And besides , who does n't think Colleen Haskell is just too cute not to be on the big screen ? I 'm not someone who typically goes in for Jim Carey or Adam Sandler slapstick , Animal House fart-joke humor , but this one got to me . Its funny . Check it out . Rob 's dolpin act and goat seducing scenes are utterly hilarious . I 'm sure I 'll buy this one on DVD when it comes out .
 Rob Schneider is under-rated for being one of many SNL castoffs . People say the SNL bunch is untalented and rely on physical , stupid humor to float their movies -- yeah that 's true , but with the exception of Rob Schneider . Schneider is the ultimate goofy nice guy , and maybe it 's because of that other goofy nice guy , Adam Sandler , we just skip over him because of the deficiency in the category . Maybe we are skipping some of the funniest material ever made.The Animals main faults are in the sad casting of Colleen from Survivor as his love interest -- this woman can not act ; the reliance on bestiality to catch a few laughs -- which I personally do n't mind , I think it 's hilarious to see him smack a goat 's buttox as long as its a female ; and the mediocre job of directing . Otherwise , for plot , it 's hilarious .
 What 's the go guys?I cant see why everyone is giving this movie like 2 stars.It was a very good comedy.Rob is very good in this movie taking the animal roles very well.Marvin Mange -LRB- Rob Schneider -RRB- is a `` wan na be '' cop trying to follow his fathers footsteps but cant really make it.When he gets in a deadly car accident off a cliff , a mad scientist then puts him together with animal parts , and thats when all the laughter arrives.From this point on it is like a rollercoaster ride leaving you thinking `` what else is this guy going to do next '' . I wont tell you the stuff he does as it will take away your imagination.He does catch the eye of Colleen Haskell who is an animal lover.The DVD also has some nice special features such as
 I only bought this dvd b/c of that whole Willie Lynch myth the whole concept is awesome if it were really true
 My brother and I saw , this I really liked this Rob is a good actor I like his movies , well anyways after a car accidant he is taken to a Dr. who puts animal parts in him this was funny it is worth the money Colleen Haskell was in the CBS series Survivor she did a good job in this lots of laughs go see this .
 Rob Schneider did an excellent job . I liked the movie much . Of course , it all made no sense , and the ending was totally strange , yet typical , but I have got to admit that it was funny . Some parts were disgusting and it had a little bit too much sex , though PG , you might not want to bring you kids , nor , if you are a kid , bring your Mom . Anyway , I had much fun , and it was a nice break between Pearl harbor and Tomb Raider .
 this is a funny movie that let 's you soar through your imagination . the dialog is witty , the charicters are well chosen , and best of all , the stunts and graphics are awesome
 this movie was the funniest i have seen since scary movie and it is going to be in my dvd player as soon as it comes out .
 Though the premise makes it sound like yet another `` dumb comedy '' Rob Schneider 's `` The Animal '' is yet another dumb but intelligent comedy in a long-line of great comedy 's from SNL alums including `` Deuce Bigalow , '' `` Big Daddy , '' and `` The Waterboy . `` THE STORY : After a car accident , wannabe cop Marvin -LRB- Schneider -RRB- is saved in a bizarre surgical procedure by an eccentric professor where animal parts are put into Marvin . As a result of the surgery Marvin gains animal-like physically heightened powers . Despite his newfound powers , Marvin must also now contend with his primal instincts including an insatiable hunger and an insatiable sex drive which manifest themselves with alarming frequency and at the most inconvenient times.THE BEST SCENES :1 . Marvin 's date2 . The Goat scene3 . The Orangutan fightTHE DVD Features : Like most new DVDs , the features in `` The Animal '' are stacked and do not disappoint.Among the cool things in the DVD are ... 1 . Feature length commentaries by Rob Schneider and director Luke Greenfield .2 . 4 deleted scenes .3 . An 8 minute feature interviewing members of both the cast and crew .4 . `` What 's In Marvin . '' More deleted footage highlighting the various animals in Marvin and his reactions to them .5 . Trailers for `` The Animal , '' `` Joe Dirt , '' `` Big Daddy , '' and `` Cable Guy . `` 6 . Filmographies for Director Luke Greenfield , Rob Schneider , Coleen Haskell , Guy Torry and John C. McGinky.THE VERDICT : Overall , `` The Animal '' is bound to please you . The premise may sound silly , but the actual product comes out smart and funny . Some of the humor is sophomoric of course , but is not all that bad -LRB- aside from perhaps the `` suggested '' bestiality -RRB- and the love story elements of the movie along with the mystery at the end are nice surprise . The DVD features are a nice touch.In all , this is an overall nice package.Recommended .
 The animal starring Rob Schneider is a halarious movie . It is about a man the get 's in a car wreck and gets hurt really bad . Well , a man found him and took him to his lab and put animal parts in him . Then the man started haveing problems . He met a girl and he liked her and she liked him . At that time the man was trying to get on the police force . So his boss was trying to kick him off of it . Then he finally got on because he found some drugs on a guy just like a dog would ! So he got on the force ! Then the man that created him came back to get him because he could hurt somebody or get hurt . So he finally came back and the man told him what to do ... . This movie is a funny comedy movie . You will love it !
 I thought this movie was one word
 Yeah , this movie is kind of dumb , but that 's what makes is so great . No , it 's not going to be a masterpiece of the silver screen . C'mon , what were you expecting , it stars Rob Schneider . If you do n't like slap-stick comedy , you will not enjoy this movie.I thought this movie was hilarious . Just watch it for the sheer purpose of watching a funny , dumb movie . It 's not serious . : c -RRB- RELAX !
 The `` boys '' are their usual classic misfits.The drill sergeant should have recieved an oscar for his performance!This sequence alone is worth the price!Don ' t miss this one .
 `` Pack Up Your Troubles '' presents Laurel and Hardy in their prime , with fresh gags and a great uncredited supporting role from Director George Marshall , as the cook . This , their second feature , is an improvement over their first . The scene where the little girl tells Stan the story of Goldilocks and the Three Bears as he falls asleep is alone worth the price of this DVD.This is obviously a restored and complete print . There are scenes I had never seen before , and the picture quality is exceptionally clear and crisp . Contrast is excellent , and detail is sharp . If you are a Laurel and Hardy fan , you must own this rarely seen film . You will not be disappointed , as I have been with some of the recent L&H ; reissues . This one is a winner !!
 Fully restored to its original 68-minute length , Laurel and Hardy 's second starring feature holds up surprisingly well . `` Pack Up Your Troubles '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- remains among the team 's most enjoyable efforts , with several classic routines and an excellent supporting cast . Stan and Ollie are a pleasure to watch in this offbeat World War I comedy-drama . Look for a cameo by director George Marshall as the vengeful cook .
 It 's kinda pointless to review Laurel and Hardy , except to say that this is my favorite of all their features.So , I 'll review the disc . This is made by a small company , so it is on a DVD-R , but it is the only way you can get this movie on a DVD made for North America ! -LRB- Foreign DVDs play at the wrong speed . -RRB- The film print they used is a good one , and it 's a nice transfer to digital . Plus , the sound is full and rich . No need to shy away just because it 's a small company that made it ! This is worth it .
 By 1932 the Stan and Ollie characters were solidified and their movie making process was in full swing . `` Pack Up . . '' was a spectacular feature success made during the height of their two-reeler campaign . The bank loan and boot camp drill scenes are hilarious . Not all of their Hal Roach features are completely satisfying ; some of the later post-Roach ones are negligible . This 1932 effort gets a strong FIVE stars !
 Laurel & Hardy 's second film effort is a pleasing follow-up to `` Pardon Us '' . Here , at the height of their success , Stan & Ollie bumble their way through WWI , then take custody of their war buddy 's little girl after he 's killed on the battle field.In all honesty , while this is a better constructed film than `` Pardon Us '' , it 's not quite as funny . Stan & Ollie have had better opportunities than this -LRB- `` Sons of the Desert '' and `` Way Out West '' come to mind -RRB- to display their humor . PUYT feels like two films stitched together , with not enough time devoted for either story.However , no Laurel & Hardy movie is completely without its amusing moments
 This was the boys ' second feature film , and I feel it 's one of their best . It kind of begins like their 1927 short ` Duck Soup , ' only in the short the boys are trying to evade service with the forest rangers , who need help in putting out a fire , and in PUYT they 're trying to get out of serving in WWI . However , they ca n't get away with this for very long , and eventually are pressed into duty . The scenes in the trenches and at the barracks are pure classic L&H ; , one constant laugh-riot all of the way through , particularly when they 're capturing all of the Germans without even realising what they 're doing!During their time as soldiers , they become buddies with a friendly young fellow named Eddie , whose wife is divorcing him . Sadly , Eddie does n't make it home from the war , but out of friendship , the boys determine to find Eddie 's baby -LRB- who is being raised by Eddie 's less than likeable in-laws -RRB- and take care of her until they can locate Eddie 's parents and turn the little girl over to her . This is the story that takes up most of the movie . The scenes with the cute little girl are just great , and really sweet , showing how genuine their affection for children really was . To support the child and themselves , the boys run a lunch wagon . However , the authorities find out about what 's going on , and from then on out the three of them have to stay one step ahead of the people who are after them , the people who want them to turn Eddie 's baby back to her maternal grandparents . While they are constantly trying to elude the authorities , they are also trying in earnest to find the girl 's paternal grandparents , Eddie 's parents . However , Eddie 's last name was Smith , which means that they 're going to more than just a few houses in the area!This would be one of my top picks to recommend to someone who only knows L&H ; through their shorts . They might not be as well-known for their feature-length films , but that does n't mean that their features are any less perfect and side-splitting than their shorter films .
 This one of Stan & Ollie 's earlier feature films and it is great ! It moves at a very good pace and it is n't padded to stretch it out . The boys are in almost every scene . Their looking for the grandparents of their best friend -LSB- who was captured by the germans in WW1 and presumed killed -RSB- . Their misadventures of trying to find Mr. & Mrs. smith is hilarious ! This is a must have for all Laurel & Hardy fans .
 The boys have a bit of comic trouble in world war one . And that part is very funny , but the story becomes a mixture of sad , sweet , and funny when they return home . Their buddy Eddie Smith never made it home from the war and the boys are taking care of Eddie ` slittle girl who is now an orphan.There are still plenty of laughs along the way between taking care of a small child , looking for the rest of her family -LRB- No easytask with the last name of Smith -RRB- and trying to stay ahead of bureaucratic government goons that want to put the poor kid inan orphanage .
 Bought this for a Christmas present so have not yet viewed it and can not comment on the quality of the product itself . However , the seller sent the item promptly and in good order so no complaints there .
 An amusing Laurel & Hardy film . Definitly worth getting . My favorite scene was after Hardy hit Laurel over the head with a baseball bat to wake him up ... laurel returns the favor by beaning a ball off of Hardy 's head . That was funny .
 This film is a cut above other African-American stoner films . It does not rely upon crude cliche humor in order to be funny , although it does n't exempt itself from it either . Bud -LRB- Wesley Jonathan -RRB- is an aspiring comic book author who spends most of his time getting stoned with his free loading buds . When the supply from the local dealer One Punch -LRB- Gerald Kelly -RRB- dries up , the guys look elsewhere . The Mad Mexican -LRB- Jorge Diaz -RRB- comes through with weed he took from his cousin and dealer Big Happy -LRB- Emilio Rivera -RRB- who I find as a Danny Trejo light . Bud performs asides during the film but it is One Punch who talks about himself in the third person that everyone finds confusing.There are a number of things that are going on at the same time . One Punch 's girlfriend Gigi -LRB- Ashley Van Dyke -RRB- wants Bud . Bud 's sister -LRB- Danielle E. Hawkins -RRB- performs Internet booty shakes -LRB- face covered -RRB- which causes men to touch themselves . Bud 's mother -LRB- Luenell -RRB- is an over the top character . There are plenty of laughs and material which I found original . The campy characters were well done . I will go 41/2 stars on the African-American Stoner film scale.PARENTAL GUIDE
 This movies was a different kind of funny . You need to have a good sense of humor to really appreciate it . My husband thought it was the bomb . Must be a man thing .
 Gift for my 22 year old who has found the Who . He totally loves this and a couple other who video 's I got him for Christmas . If you are a Who fan - this is a must .
 Very nice historic revue of the bands history . Lots of earlyfootage of the early years . Good video and sound reproduction A plus
 I 'm very happy I have this in my collection , has quite a few extras that gave a lot of insight into the group.Highly recommend this to any Who fan , that has n't already seen this .
 This is how a musical documentary should be
 I Love the WHO , and everything was as good as promised . Brand new package , that was delivered very quickly . I was very happy to watch and ROCK with the WHO . A + + +
 I `` mess up '' alot post-stroke . I did n't tis time ! Glad I got it before it 's `` gone '' ! Enjoy !
 This DVD gives a full picture of one of the greatest rock band to date . The DVD has excellent sound and picture quality , therefore it 's really enjoyable to get acquainted with this extraordinary rock band . Those who do not really know the story of the who after watching the movie will have an overall picture of the Who . This DVD is highly recommended .
 Unique fascinating look at the creative process and aesthetic of all four members of the band , albeit two now deceased . Townsend and Daltry remain giants of rock music ... and have a special story to tell about the singer-songwriter partnership and their `` amazing journey '' as musicians and artists . Like others of the century , Dylan , Paul Simon , Springsteen , Paul McCartney , etc. , and the Energiser Bunny , they keep going , and going , and going . Check out the more recent Real Good Looking Boy ... just a fabulous song ... rivals anything from the 70s . The acoustic version is just as good as the group recording . If you 're a Who fan , it 's a mesmerizing DVD ... watched it three times , and saw something new each time . -LSB- Not intended to be a complete musical compilation of 40 years . -RSB-
 The WHO !! How can you go wrong ? As one of the great lasting Rock and Roll bands from the 60 's , THE WHO never disappoint . The documentary `` Amazing Journey
 First , the misses - I wish they would have included full concerts , or at least four or five full songs from the 1970s shows -LRB- the way McCartney 's new DVD allegedly will -RRB- . That would have made this perfect.However , what is here is great . More footage of the Kilburn 1977 show than I thought I 'd ever see , to hear how the band supposedly hated the gig/Jeff Stein 's footage of that show . We see part of a great , pre-album -LRB- almost by a year -RRB- version of `` Who Are You '' live at Kilburn , with Moon and Entwistle jamming underneath Pete 's guitar . Pete sings the chorus by himself -LRB- ! -RRB- , even the `` Who the f ... '' part , and Daltrey later joins in . It 's wonderful to see Moon playing drums on a live version -LRB- other than the live-in-the-studio take in `` The Kids Are Alright . '' The Who , from the clips seen in this DVD , sounded pretty stinking good at Kilburn . Moon actually looks like he was in better shape and less tired than the 1978 Shepperton footage in `` TKAA . '' Do n't get me wrong , I love the two Shepperton clips in `` TKAA , '' but Moon seems more firey and hits the drums and cymbals faster -LRB- and with less effort -RRB- on the Kilburn clips . Good footage of Entwistle 's crazy fingers on the bass at Kilburn , although a couple segments do n't quite match up with his fingers , but nonetheless , it 's great to see 1970s footage of the Ox cuttlng loose on the bass . This happens at the end of `` Dreaming from the Waist '' at Kilburn . Unfortunately , we only see the end of the song , but it 's great to see John wailing on four strings.it 's also great to see The Who clowning around in the studio while trying to do the backing vocals to `` Pictures of Lily , '' and there 's a quick segment of Pete laying down the electric guitar for the track.Clips of the `` Quadrophenia '' and `` Who By Numbers '' tours are awesome , allthough short like the Kilburn gig . We see Pete holding up Keith Moon -LRB- or restraining him ? -RRB- at Pete 's mic stand , then Pete and Roger carrying Moon to his drum kit , and then Moonie collapsing.Interesting interviews with Pete and Roger , although much of Pete 's is lifted from `` An Ox 's Tale '' DVD and the 2004 interview Murray Lerner did for `` The Who Live at the Isle of Wight '' limited theatrical release and special edition DVD version in 2004 . The quick segment of Hyde Park in 1994 -LRB- or 1996 ? -RRB- was interesting , although no site of David Gilmour.I 'm glad they talked to Kenney Jones , who is pretty much bitter-free , at least in the interviews . He really carries the weight of Daltrey 's fueding back then , the world 's criticisms of him not being Keith Moon , and the 1979 Cincinatti trajedy where 11 Who fans were trampled to death in a stampede for festival -LRB- general admsision -RRB- seats.Maybe they will eventually put out all of these shows in full , someday soon on DVD . Take a note from Deep Purple and Kiss , please , Roger and Pete , and dump all the archive stuff on us . We are waiting.Thanks for all the great music ! Hope to see you on tour again soon ... P.S. . The talking heads segments are n't that bad . They 're limited -LRB- only Noel Gallagher gets on my nerves , acting as if he 's bothered to play with The Who at the Royal Albert Hall in 2000 - what the heck ? I 'll play fourth banana to The Who anyday ! -RRB- , as if the filmmakers started to include them in the beginning , and then kind of abandoned the idea in favor of interviews with Pete , Roger and file interviews of Entwislte , as well as their siblings and parents . First time I think I 've heard Simon Townshend speak -LRB- not counting his background vocals live - and lead vocals on the 1996 Quadrophenia DVD -RRB-
 I speak with extreme prejudice when I write this because The Who is my utmost favorite band in the history of modern music . That said , for people that already love The Who , will love them even more at the conclusion of viewing this collection of films . Those who are not fond of The Who , will be if they view these films.The main film is cut up nicely into chapters , and each chapter is titled with a line from a Who song that pertains to stories described in that given chapter . Which many of the stories talked about in these film can be truly quite moving.The end of the main two hour film has the most emotional parts . They describe trying to move on after the death of Keith Moon . Pete Townshend gives much heartfelt praise about John Entwhistle , and goes to talk of his death and moving on thereafter . The film also talks a lot about the Cincinnati tragedy , better than they ever had in the past . They even get brave enough to tackle Pete 's legal problems he faced regarding the Child Pornography incident . In fact Pete speaks more clearly and eloquently in these films than I have ever heard before.The second disc has short films that are collectively called `` 6 Quick Ones '' which has mini-documentaries about the main four members . They even speak of Pete 's guitar techniques witch is quite interesting as a guitar player myself.This is a great piece to be viewed by anyone whether or not they think they are interested . It is captivating film for anyone .
 This is a very interesting and entertaining documentary , placing the Who in the context of their social era , their conflicting personalities , and their drive for musical success . The bottom line though , is if I want to introduce a friend to the Who , the essence of the Who 's spirit , I will show them the Kids Are Alright.The `` Six Quick Ones '' are the highlight . They provide entertaining and illumaniting views into each bandmember -LRB- prompting my wife to comment , `` Wow , I never really appreciated how awesome Keith was as a drummer '' -RRB- . The movie iteself moves at a good pace and has some interesting tidbits , but very little that the serious Who fan would find new or surprising.The most frustrating aspect of the movie is that we never see a song in its entirety . The Who 's power as a creative force is not apparent in 20 second clips -LRB- a scissor kick or a windmill or a lunatic drum bit is now a rock cliche -- what makes one appreciate the Who is seeing that these were not poseur moments , but part of a constant , all-out assault on the senses in each song driven by passion and competition -RRB- . The Kids Are Alright , by contrast , is a fan 's love letter , the uber-mix tape to show why this band is great musically , and generates such passion amongst its fans . The full-length clips , interspersed with interviews from assorted literati , cogniscenti , and roustabouts paint a picture -LRB- albeit an Impressionistic one -RRB- of the Who 's unique and self-contradicting blend of utter seriousness about the saving power of music , pop-art self-mocking , and all-out joyous abandon . I dare you to watch Baba O'Riley or the montage of `` Cobwebs and Strange '' , and at least not walk away with the impression that this band is something special , worth investigating further ... Amazing Journey is a good one to watch to learn more .
 i just bought the bestbuy store exclusive 3 dvd set of amazing journey . it includes the chicago show of dec. 8.79 . as bonus disc 3 . the show is not complete . missing songs are ... who are you , see me , my generation , i can see for miles , wo n't get fooled , dancing in the street , dance it away , young man blues , roadrunner , and big boss man . 10 songs missing . i have a bootleg of this show and those songs were played . the audio is very good . the video looks like a commercial vhs transfer a little dark , grainy and some color bleed . but for a free bonus you ca n't complain.the other discs are great stuff . for a fan the 10 minute railway hotel show as a bonus to disc 2 is worth the 22 bucks . i ca n't believe how tight and strong they sounded as just kids in their first moving images . the documentary itself is well done also . people are comparing this to the kids are alright , `` kids '' had great footage , introduced you to the band and told you a little about them . this tells you their whole story from day one til now by them , unlike the many other docs that are third person.if you just recorded the two shows on vh1 there are a few more things on the discs , like all of disc three . one more thing , the bestbuy sets are priced wrong from the distribution center . the limited 3 disc set is marked 32.99 the regular 2 disc sets are marked 33.99 , but they all ring 22.99 at the register .
 I 've seen ALL the other Who documentaries and this one is WITHOUT A DOUBT the MOST informative of them all ... ! I started watching this on my Netflix streaming device with NO intention of watching it all the way through . Once I started I COULD NOT turn it off !!! ... Both discs are GREAT ...
 Great movie . I bought it at best buy which was definetly the best choice cause the third disc is great . I always would prefer if the casing was n't slime cases but no important.I love everything about the doc . band members talking about everything that made them what they are also the non members -LRB- eddie vedder awesome -RRB- . I wish though that the clips from concerts they showed was the whole song . better than the kids are alright ... . do n't know .
 This couda and shouda been there version of the Beatles Anthology.I love the fact the movie they cuss alot in it . They speak in their common spoken language , being free and real , not made for tv for sure.Its very indepth and compelling as far as the storytelling goes and very enjoyable to watch its first run through , Im not so sure on repeat watches because every F -- ing song they fade out 1/3 in , I want to see and hear the song !!!!!!! I mean why they do that ? Whats there hurry ?? I have all night to see and enjoy this movie , its made for people WHO have no attention spans ... WHO is to blame ?! It really pissed me off to see these RARE original song promos made and directed by Kit Lambert and fade out after 25 seconds ... WHY !!!!!!!!!!! Let me redo this as a `` special edition
 When I was fifteen in 1965 I heard a record called My Generation on our `` pirate `` radio station Veronica -LRB- a ship on the North Sea -RRB- . I can remember that I got goose flesh immediately.I bought the album as soon as it came on the Dutch market.And I am glad that I stiil have it -LRB- in mono -RRB- . This record changed my life as well as my musical life.And even now I got goose flesh by looking at the dvd The story of the Who.It did not disappear.I think it is incredible that this band and its music stayed in my mind and life for that long.I therefore thank the members of the Who for the amazing journey and the story .
 This product compiles a lot of accurate history of the band , band members and includes biography bits as told by the members themselves , relatives and friends . The audio and video qualities are excellent and is by far the best and most accurate documentary of The Who that I know . Pete , Roger , John and Keith are truly geniuses . How can Pete come up with all these great songs , I do n't know , I know no better Rock , R&B bassist than The Ox . Some come darn close but he is unique . Keith 's is a legend of drumming and we were very fortunate to have heard this unique talent . Truly envy those who got a chance to see him in concert , I mean , right there in front of their eyes ! Roger 's voice has a rasp and a tone that will never be equaled and his ability to take Pete 's songs and ` own them ' is really spectacular , anyone can sing these songs but could not reach that magical projection . The Who is for ever !
 This is a fantastic documentary about the greatest rock band of all time . The best I 've ever seen .
 Anyone familiar with rock 'n roll knows the Who . But in some ways , I think their contributions and creative standing are a little under appreciated . This documentary has all kinds of great insight into the band with firsthand accounts of their exploits and creative process . If you 're a fan , get it . If you 're a curious fan of the history of rock music , it 's just as interesting .
 Excelent documentary ! Great Production ! as a rock musician loved it , brought me close to tears at the end .
 This video is amazing . The Who is definitely one of the best bands in the entire world , whether you think it or not . Pete , Roger , Keith , and John compliment each other to form a unique sounding band . Watching this video allowed me to find out more about The Who than i knew before .
