 When I first ordered the CD , I figured it was going to be a hip , cool daddy vibe CD . However much to my dismay it sounds like a fourth grade music class . The main jist of the CD is that there is a xylaphone playing over peoples voices trying to replicate happening party . I believe if I played this CD at a party anywhere in my neighborhood I would get laughed off the beach . Growing up a surfer in San Diego , I would not recommend this CD to any of my Southern California brothers . Honestly , when I played it I kinda of felt I was in a bad B movie . The absolutle epitimy of the CD is the last `` vibe '' Surf Cha Cha . Surfers do n't CHA .
 If you want to listen to El Duke , then it is better if you have access to his shower , this is not him , it is a gimmick , very well orchestrated .
 These tracks are not the `` original '' versions but are re-recorded versions . So , whether the tracks are `` remastered '' or not is irrelevant .
 I did not know this was the audio cd of the game , I thought it could be used on the playstation . Maybe the other guys are from the US or somewhere where it is actually easy to get the game , and play it , but this was all in japanese and was not compatible with my machine . I am deeply disappointed as i love the arcade game , but the Dance stage euromix -LRB- Dance Dance Revolution equivalent -RRB- is lacking in decent tracks , many are jungle-y and are difficult to dance to them . Also , most of these tracks are unheard of here and are therefore not very enjoyable . However , my favourite are Keep on moving , make a Jam , and Video Killed the Radio star . But it gets a bit pedantic if you keep playing on these tracks . If anyone is in the same situation as I am , or those of you who are lucky enough the play on the newest version , can you please let me know where I can order one ? I am in dance deprivation/boredom !
 I did not know this was the audio cd of the game , I thought it could be used on the playstation . Maybe the other guys are from the US or somewhere where it is actually easy to get the game , and play it , but this was all in japanese and was not compatible with my machine . I am deeply disappointed as i love the arcade game , but the Dance stage euromix -LRB- Dance Dance Revolution equivalent -RRB- is lacking in decent tracks , many are jungle-y and are difficult to dance to them . Also , most of these tracks are unheard of here and are therefore not very enjoyable . If anyone is in the same situation as I am , or those of you who are lucky enough the play on the newest version , can you please let me know where I can order one ? I am in dance deprivation/boredom !
 i like letters from home cuz it tells a story that if you really listen you can acctually hear john michael montgomery tell his story of soldiers and all that stuffi liked it and i like punk rock and rock so it must be good if i like it
 This CD compilation set was purchased for me . I love the 80s , and they chose great songs . The songs are not performed by the original artists . Instead , they 're poorly covered by `` the Starlite Singers '' .
 I should have read the prior reviews of this record before buying it . Although it appears to be a collection of new wave singles from the 80s , these are just cover versions sung by the `` Starlite Singers '' . The description of the record says that it is by `` various artists '' implying that they are by the original artists , but this is not true . Total garbage . The one bright spot is that I got a prompt refund when I returned it .
 I bought this set last November and just now decided to listen to the CDs . Nowhere in the description on Amazon does it say not the original artists ! In fact , it says various artists , which is deceiving because only one group performs all the songs . It leads one to believe original artists when it says various artists because it is , after all , a compilation of music by various artists ! Duh ! So , do n't waste your money . I will probably throw these in the trash as I 'm a purist and I want original , not wedding reception music !
 This is one of those cheesy compilations where they find session bands and similar sounding artists to sing the songs . These are NOT ORIGINAL SONGS BY THE ARTISTS . If you loved K-TEL CD 's and do n't care about hearing the artists originals , and do n't care about cheap sounding synthesizers playing the music or that fact that some of the vocalists are pretty bad , then you might like this cd . But if you are a fan of the 80 's and the amazing music it produced , then buy other collections and do n't waste your money on this schlock !!!!
 An embarassment . Steer clear of this one folks . Just when you thought these guys were the last real `` fusion '' types about ... Since when did the last great secret of the fusion world start taking pointers from Joe Satriani and listening to old Al DiMeola pratice sessions ? Where the hell is Phil when you need him , oh yes , Tarzan . The star is for the Bruford and Wilding/Bonus tracks , and well does one really want those ?
 Ever put on a record and known exactly what year it was recorded just by the sound ? Well , if not , try slapping this one on your turntable ... it literally screams mid-1980s . Needless to say , depending on your age and perspective , that may or may not be a good thing . So in the case of Ty Brunson 's `` Fresh '' it 'll depend on how you feel about mid-1980s funk complete with all of the ingredients - banks of synthesizers , , syndrums , pop bass , vocoders , etc. . . Anyhow , Ty Brunson 's a local product , so my comments may be a bit biased ... as always , take them with a grain of salt.Born and raised in Washington , D.C. . Brunson 's first taste of recognition came as a member of Osiris Marsh 's funk band Osiris/Osiris the Band . A more than decent late-1970s DC-based funk outfit , they were quite popular locally , but never enjoyed that breakout hit . As the band 's bassist Brunson struck out on his own in 1980 , subsequently signing a solo deal by the Columbia-distributed Believe In a Dream label.Produced by Russell Timmons Jr. , `` Fresh '' was Brunson 's sophomore album . To be perfectly honest , it was far from the most original set you 've ever heard . Musically the set offered up a mixture of Larry Graham-styled funk numbers -LRB- ` Head Games ' -RRB- and conventional ` love man ' ballads -LRB- '' In Love with You ' -RRB- . Taken individually most of the seven tracks were actually pretty good , but the set 's main downfall was the complete absence of originality . This was literally one of those albums where you spent the whole time thinking to yourself `` that sounds like ... '' Giving credit where due , Brunson had a nice voice -LRB- except when he tried to sound Jamaican -LRB- ` Jet City ' -RRB- and was a decent bassist , though that talent was seldom spotlighted on the album . - Opening up with an arsenal of 1980s sound effects , including some of the cheesiest synthesizers you 've heard in a long time , syndrums , vocoders , banks of chirping female backing singers , ` Servo Go-Go ' sounded like something out of the George Clinton funk family . A hardcore funk track , it was catchy enough , but felt like it had been built out of spare parts - steal a Bootsy Collins bass line here , borrow a P-Funk sound effect there ... rating
 The official Chrono Trigger OST has 3 discs . This version has some of the major tracks on it , the audio quality is good , but Caveat Emptor -LRB- buyer beware -RRB- this is a Chinese knock-off . Oh and if you buy the 3 disc version , make sure the cover does not have a green and red logo reading `` FX '' , for this is also a counterfeit . The serial numbers on the real soundtrack CDs are PSCN-5021 , PSCN-5022 , and PSCN-5023 .
 These are the handful of tracks we hear over and over again . It 's far from complete though.Missing such memorable tracks as `` sealed Door '' , `` wings across time '' or `` At the Bottom of the Night '' . It does n't have a single battle theme accept the final boss.Hell this does n't even have Lucca 's theme and she 's on the cover!Had I seen a track-list beforehand I would n't have bought this.I blame my self for not being more curious of the number of CD 's . I 'm sorry I paid $ 35 dollars American for this travesty , may Lavos have mercy on my soul.Save your selves -LRB- and your money -RRB- while you still can !
 With all due respect to ambient music enthusiasts , I was really disappointed that there was no guitar work whatsoever on this album . Hillage fans of L and Fish Rising be forewarned.Steve Hillage was a pretty darn good guitarist . Maybe L was his showcase with members of Todd Rundgren 's Utopia backing him up.Noting that other reviewers have rated this highly , I will give it another listen . However , I am dissapointed in the direction Steve has taken his music .
 For anybody who 's looking for the 1978 movie with Lauren Bacall - this is not it ! Actually it 's a 12 minute CBS music video by a group called `` Perfect Gentleman '' with 2 titles on it
 This video is really a disappointment , it came with a Thomas piece so naturally my daughter picked it and I thought the bonus `` feature '' would n't be mixed in with the actually Thomas stories but I was wrong . My daughter easily lost interest when the people would come on and talk about loving Thomas and getting to ride the real Thomas train ... I was totally annoyed .
 I never write reviews but I just felt compelled after I saw this video . It 's 70 % listening to parents and kids think about Thomas and maybe 30 % Thomas related . What is worse is that you have to fast forward through a bunch of the rambling in order to see what amounts to a 5 minute story . And , there is only one song in the `` Sing A Long '' . I really liked Thomas stories after watching them on PBS with my daughter . Next time , I will try to find those stories on video . They actually last about 15 minutes and do not involve mindless prattle from people I do n't know .
 My children get easily bored with this video . I thought it was several episodes of Thomas but it has A LOT of just children and parents talking about Thomas and all . It does n't keep the kids attention because what kid wants to sit and listen to a bunch of talking . This was my first Thomas video purchase ... hopefully the next will have more shows and less talking !
 This is a DVD with footage of a `` Come Out and Meet Thomas '' day mixed in between the episodes . Sort fo a promotional piece to be honest . Still decent enough to rent . The DVD extras are limited and not very good . My son seems to like it o kay but it gets pushed aside for more interactive stuff to be found on Sodor Celebration . There is also a ton of toys shown during the `` party/interview '' footage which can be a good or bad thing depending on how much you need to control that sort of thing with your child . Also I for one get annoyed at the interviewes not sure why they just annoy me . This production has the feel of an old VHS video copied to DVD without much added to it . I would n't throw it out but I would n't buy it either .
 I bought this thinking it would be packed with Thomas stories . Turns out there are only ten , which is a typical Thomas DVD . However , between each story , it also has interviews with parents and their kids about what they like about Thomas . As I parent , I 'm not interested in this , and I know that my 3 year old would rather watch Thomas than a bunch of strangers any day . Plus , the sing-along section has one song . One . We have other Thomas videos that has at least 4 , and they are n't special DVD 's , just normal Thomas collections . I would n't recommend this to anyone , if you are looking for solely Thomas stories and can find other collections .
 Unless I missed something , there are only one or two actual episodes on this DVD . The rest is a long commercial for the Thomas the Train centers and an ode to Ms. Allcroft . Waste of money .
 Has too many interviews with people at the Live THomas day in Penn. . My kids were annoyed and hated this DVD .
 My 2 year old son is huge Thomas fan . This DVD has long introductions to each story in which children and adults are interviewed - my son could n't care less . He just wants to see trains ! We have a portable DVD player , and it is a big pain to try to fast forward past these introductions , and he -LRB- and I -RRB- just ends up frustrated . My advice - pick another DVD .
 All the interspersed kid and parent interviews where they talk about all the trains they have just feels like a thinly disguised effort to sell more product.It 's also AWFULLY frustrating that you ca n't jut buy the DVD Series here as you can in the UK , but have to make do with compilations where there are invariably episode duplications . * sigh *
 THERE BEATS ARE DIFFERENT THAN NO LIMITS BUT THERE FROM THA SAME PLACE AND THERE GHETTO HOOD IS VERY CLOSE.THEY RAP JUST LIKE NO LIMIT.BUT NO LIMIT WAS FIRST AND IT WILL BE THA LAST.NO LIMIT IS STILL NUMBER1 IN EVERY WAY .
 I listen to every kind of music in existence , and I always give everything a chance . But now I 'm permanently going to start ignoring every CD with a CASH MONEY record label on it . They 're CASH MONEY Millionaires , and why ? Because they fill a CD with a bunch of horrible songs and repetitive beats . They 're millionaires because they repeat the words `` huh , '' `` what , '' and `` yeah '' for every 3 or 4 minute song they make . They 're millionaires because people who expect this kind of music to be the next BIG thing make them millionaires . Bottom line
 cash money records is going to have to up with something a lil better than this if they plan on making it in this game.the beats where alright but the rappers a terrible.none of the have a goog flow to accomidate the beats.try again cmr.maybe next time .
 I ca n't believe how much this cd sucks , save yourself 17 bucks & just download the `` we on fire '' mp3 its the only decent track on the album . And if u r looking for more `` bounce '' party tracks like `` back that ass up '' too bad ; u wo n't find any here . What a rip .
 I was truly disappointed in this album . The beats are all overused and unoriginal . The only thing that makes this album is Young Turk . He has the hottest rap out of all the Hot Boys . If you have n't heard his freestyle , you do n't know what 's up . Turk is off da chains . I ca n't wait for his solo album to drop . Ya 'll need to recognize , quit hatin ' Turk .
 ALL I WILL SAY IS THIS WAS A GREAT RELEASE WHEN I FIRST BOUGHT IT AND I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT A FOUR , BUT AFTER HAVING HEARD JUVENILE 'S 400 DEGREEZ TODAY -LRB- SEPT. 30 , 1999 -RRB- FOR THE FIRST TIME -LRB- NOTE
 This is what is in the dictionary under wack . I ca n't belive that this many people bought this -LRB- ... -RRB- The hot boys are just a fad like bellbottoms . -LRB- ... -RRB- If you think this is what rap is about u just plain stupid and I 'm glad this hot boy stuff is almost over wit . When some of my friends play this crap in the car I just rather get out and walk .
 just like No-Limit Cash Money has no shame at putting out garbage music.wack beats and no lyric ryhmes.who is buying this crab ? all the stuff sounds the same and it 's not that average.it 's all bad .
 i like the Hot Boys and really like Juvenile , but this is not good . the only thing good is `` we on fire '' and `` I need a hot girl '' . just download those 2 songs onto your Ipod and skip this album .
 Guerriula Warfare is an album I fell is something , and that something is everything . The lyrics are most of the time meanless and pointless . Also the beat and backround music of the songs sometimes do n't even fit could for the lyrics or how the rapper is rapping . Overall please go out and get another Hotboy album or something . Or just another album in the lines of Cash Money , just please not this one ...
 FIRST OF ALL HOW COME ALL YA 'LL BE DISSIN ' NO LIMIT -LRB- for all ya 'll that did not diss em ' dis ai n't for you -RRB- WHAT YA 'LL TALKLIN ABOUT CASH MONEY CAN NEVER GET WITH NO LIMIT AND THAT IS A FACT ... . AND YOU ALL BE TALKIN ABOUT THEY BE SATIN THE SAY SHIT WHAT ABOUT THTA SORRY LIL ' WAYNE BE SAYIN THE SAME SHIT FROM JUVENILE 'S ALBUM AND B.G. 'S BLING BLING -LRB- HA HA -RRB- WHAT KIND OF SONG IS THAT AND THEY BE SAYIN THEY FROM THE 3RD NO LIMIT HAS BEEN SAYIN THAT FOR THE LONGEST AND THEN THEY HAVE TO COME AND SAY THAT SHIT AMD THEN THEY START MAKIN ' THEIR ALBUM COVER LIKE THEM WHAT KIND OF SHIT IS THAT THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT ARE TRU FORM CASH MONEY IS THE BIG TYMERS AND THAT IZ ALL I HAVE TO SAY AND NO ONE I MEAN NO ONE CAN GET WITH MY BOY 50 $ FROM NO LIMIT IF YOU A REAL NO LIMIT YOU KNOW WHO HE IS ... . AND I LIKE TO GIVE A SHOT OUT TO MY SOLDIERS . . HOODY HOOO ...
 I think the title says it all quite succinctly at least in regards to the overall quality of the arrangements . There are only a small handful of exceptions , and admittedly those exceptions meet my expectations of what a re-orchestrated soundtrack to Final Fantasy 6 could and should be.If this were to ever be improved upon I would suggest adding in Locke/Rachel 's Theme , Cyan 's Theme , the Figaro Anthem , Jidoor , as well as the Town of Ruin , and re-orchestrating Kefka , & the Doom Train & the Town 1 theme , and then give us the entire Dream Oath Opera not just the Aria.This is a soundtrack that deserves more care , because it 's capable of being the best neo-classical symphony available .1
 In my opinion , FF VI is the best soundtrack Maestro Uematsu has composed , in tie with FF VII . However , this soundtrack does not match in par with `` Fithos Lusec Vicos Wenosec '' , the orchestrated version of FF VIII . The main reason why I deducted three stars off the list is because the arranger have annilated much of the original feel of FF VI 's soundtrack and the arrangement can only be simplified as - beautiful but horrid . Most of the original melodies set by Maestro Uematsu have slight modifications and loads of additional music that is contrast with the game 's original atmosphere and feeling . Only songs like `` Tina '' , `` The mystic forests '' , `` Troops march on '' and `` Aria Di Mezzo Carattere '' has the feel no different from the original sound version . Here 's a brief rundown on each tracks ; 1 . Tina - Well done and the most original rearrangement in this CD . A minor complaint is that the bells are slightly off-pitched and it may annoy listeners .2 . Cefca - Sounds like some theme from a cartoon show , which may describe the original villian -LRB- Kefka -RRB- , but misses the grim , dark , and cold sadistic nature of the original theme .3 . The mystic forest - The spooky theme played by the pan pipe is good , but the major complaint is the theme is not complete , thus making the song sounded very different from the game version .4 . Gau - The pastoral theme played by Bach-like orchestration is excellent . Unfortunately why the heck you have a Bach-like dance by the middle part of the song ? Totally contrast to the character himself who is a lone wanderer .5 . Milan De Chocobo - Milan version of the famed Chocobo theme ? It has tonal influences of Ravel and jazz influence of Gershwin . Quite original , but i 'll have the groovy game version instead .6 . Troops march on - Another song which is almost close to the mood of the game version . A sub-melody after the theme does n't have any connection with the theme of the song and you 'll probably skip this .7 . Kids run through the city corner - The main bummer of this CD because it was well done and the abrupt ending will leave you aghast .8 . Blackjack - Instead of John William or Richard Wagner 's style of a high-adrenaline flight on an airship , we get a `` stroll - on a - pastoral - greenhill '' arrangement . You 'll skip this daringly innovative but numb arrangement here .9 . Relm - A mixed bag . I like the orchestration here , but the `` Italian '' feel and the bagpipes annoy me like heck and i think this is the worst track ever .10 . Mistery Train - An arrangement of string quartet with piano . Sounds like some thriller from an old black and white movie , but the spookiness is missing . The `` conversation '' between the strings and the piano is awkward , thus another `` bummer '' in this CD .11 . Aria de mezzo carattere - The orchestral araangement is fine and i have no complaint whatsovever except for the soprano who over-vibbrated her voice too much . I do n't expect that from a professional opera singer . You may say this is the way people sing , but i say this is `` spooky '' . Overall , a heck of a mixed bag and i would strongly advice you to listen carefully to the songs before buying . By professional standards , classical or conservative , it 's a big time flop with so much potentials in the album wasted . But a five-star to Uematsu and some credit to the orchestra as the strings are much better than FLVW -LRB- FF VIII -RRB- . Till then , i 'll stick to the game version .11 .
 I am a huge fan of Seal 's first 3 albums , so I rushed out to buy this one the minute it came out . What a disappointment !! Most of the songs sound like old remixes of Curtis Mayfield tunes . The only 2 with that eerie signature ` Seal ' sound are ` heavenly ' and ` tinsel town ' . I 'd say go to Itunes ... listen to the songs ... buy the tunes you like -LRB- if there are any -RRB- and call it a day .
 I have been a big Seal fan ever since his first album came out . He became a household name with Seal II becuase its an amazingly deep and well produced album with great songwriting and vocal performances . Getting his single on the Batman soundtrack didnt hurt sales , either . When Seal III came out and was a commercial flop , I was not suprised . But poor sales dont mean an album is bad , just as big album sales dont necessarily mean a great album . Seal III is an artistic triumph . Some of the songs -LRB- ie No Easy Way -RRB- are utterly beautiful . Please give it a listen , readers . That being said , we come to the topic of the new album , Seal IV . I was waiting for something at least as good as Seal III , and hopeing for something even better . Like its predecessor it also appears to be a commercial letdown . I personally have not even listend to it many times . The reason for that is that I just ca n't stand hearing it for more than a few minutes at a time . There is one HUGE , GLARING PROBLEM with Seal IV . For me , that problem lies in the fact that Seal chose to Pitch Correct his voice on on this album , and it sticks out BIG TIME ! Seal , I hope you read this review ! Your voice should n't ever be tampered with in that way again ! It takes the soul out of the vocal performances ! I really am disappointed that you allowed that to happen . It sucks . The subtle pitch imperfections that are part of a natural vocal are GLARINGLY missing . You dont need to resort to such studio tricks . You 're no amatuer . Dont follow that trend ! Its a crappy trend . Its the type of trick that producers for film songs resort to when trying to get Eddie Murphy 's `` Donkey '' to sing on pitch . Ah , the heights from which you have fallen . I pray that your next album wont suffer from such a blatent identity crisis . Your unique raspy voice is one of the things you are known and loved for . Why tamper with it ? Please ! I anxiously await Seal V !
 This DVD was entiled `` Seventh Cliburn Competion , 1985 '' It was not the competion program , and did not even contain the winning performance . I consider it to be a total fraud and misrepresentation .
 I do n't like the fact that there was so much kiddie-pop music on the soundtrack , where as the first , second , and third movies had a blend of rock , techno , hip-hop , andrap ... but this one had too much kid music for a movie that was -LRB- for the most part -RRB- dark!The only song on this album that fit the mood of the movies was ` Lights Out ' by P.O.D. ! That re-mix of the song is the only reason why I bought this album!Not recommended for the whole album , just that one song ...
 I originally bought one of Daniel 's previous albums -LRB- the title had ` insomniac ' in it -RRB- . the previous album was mostly acoustic with melodic vocals . I bought it for my wife . she loved it . Next year , I purchased deflaboxe and the CD got thrown back at me . This album was NOTHING like the previous album I had purchased for her . so if you are like me and buying this album based on his previous work , think again . he took a completely different style with this album .
 I could n't wait to get this CD , being a guitarist myself . Just give me straight Jimmy Ponder , not horns and other `` jazz types '' . I am disappointed . Cuts two and four are the best . They are Jimmy . Too bad I could n't have listened to cuts first , I would not have bought this CD . Sorry ! The cuts of just Jimmy are great though , but too few ... : -LRB-
 I bought this CD for one song only , `` Steal Away '' . I knew it was going to be `` live '' , but this is n't even close to the radio version . Try more like a `` muzik , lounge '' sound . It was recorded in a ballroom . Then , the only other song I recognized was `` Hot Rod Hearts '' , again , done the Vegas lounge style . I wish I could get my $ $ back . Why did n't he just put out the CD using the regular recordings ? He was never a big star to begin with . I wrote this review just to warn people that it is n't like most `` live '' recordings . I was very dissapointed , and I still do n't have a decent recording of `` Steal Away '' !
 Warning -- the two songs listed as `` Little Steve '' were written by him but are not the originals nor performed by him !
 I tried to download `` Forever '' by Little Steven & the Disciples of Soul , and through a very deceptive listing accidentally downloaded this very substandard cover version . It 's not the .99 cents that was stolen from me that I am worried about . It 's a local bar band cheating people by listing the original artist as the performer when they know perfectly well they 've never been in a studio with Little Steven .
 In two of the episodes , the word `` shut up '' is used . My son is three years old and instantly picked up on it , repeated it , and told me it was a bad word , but that James and Duck -LRB- the trains -RRB- had said it . I would stay away from this one , especially if you have young , impressionable youngsters . I gave it one star , since the wooden dragon train came with it .
 I have , too , but this is n't it . The translation is very choppy , the singers are medicore at best , and the orchestrations are too overwhelming . `` Love Changes Everything '' is shredded to the point where it hurts to listen to it.Oddly , the best song is the French `` Chanson d'Enfance . `` I was very surprised , as the Japanese usually put out extramely good cast CDS . Their CATS and Phantom and the Tokoyo Evita are all great . But unless you are a total ALW or AOL fanatic , save your money .
 I would like to recommend to anyone who have thought of buying this box set , to stay away . I 've been a die-hard Metallica fan since the 80 's , and i have never bought a bootleg album w/out hearing something off of it . I 'm also in the Official Metallica Club , we are notified weeks before anyone else that a new album is coming out . They never mensioned this one , so then again i 'd advise you to stay away from this item . The Garage Inc. . CD is great . I 've got all the versions of it except this one . I of course do n't plan on getting it though . Who in their right mind would pay almost $ 140 for an item not even licensed by the band . I hope everyone who was thinking about buying this reads this first , so you all do n't get ripped off .
 This is simply not a bootleg . It was an overseas limited box set release . The band -LRB- or label -RRB- has done similar box sets . They did one for the Hero Of The Day single , limiting it to 1,000 copies . They also have plans to release a limited vinyl box soon . This is simply a collectable , nothing more than that . There are no music extras in this box.As a limited box it does n't really offer very much at all . The CD you can purchase anywhere and the packaging of the actual disc -LRB- s -RRB- is no different than the standard -LRB- Vertigo -RRB- version . Do we really need a hat and a flag?For die hard collectors only .
 Certainly what the band is treading on here.Gone are the legitimately deep lyrics and sweeping soundscapes Dredg gave us on both of their prior full-length albums . What we have now , as many posters have already stated , is a changed band , and the phrase means exactly that . By and large this is not the same Dredg , and as I spin `` Catch Without Arms '' again and again , I try to find a band , this new band , that I can enjoy.Folks , it 's just not happening.Lyrically , this album is bordering worthless . While this will count as `` comparing works '' to those who would rather let `` Catch '' stand on its own -LRB- thanks to how anemic it really is in comparison -RRB- , the Leitmotif interludes -LRB- that 's right , the instrumentals -RRB- were deeper than virtually all of the songs on `` Catch '' . Dredg has never striked me as a band that needed to relate personal trials with substance abuse , but then , they never striked me as a band that would have use for drugs . Go figure.Musically , this is ground that has been trodden before , except now there 's tremolo picking . The band is tight , and will probably always be , but there 's nothing new here . If almost to justify the lyrics , the music itself is far more simplistic , and is as large of a letdown as the lyrics are ; after all , there 's more than one musician , but there 's only one Gavin.It 's listenable if I separate it from the rest of Dredg . However , why should anyone be asked to do that , considering what this album very well should have been
 This album will get praise . This album will also get traded in quicker than the latest Offspring . Dredg - a band of mystery . Until now . Dredg - a band that wrote one of the greatest albums ever `` el cielo '' . And now the worst.What can be said ? I have waited for this album for 2 yrs . Expectations - huge . Heard the single - Bug Eyes , very pleased.Bought the album - was totally confused by the end of the 3rd song.I 'm sure those die hard friends -LRB- which once was eye -RRB- will look at this review in haste . I also know for a fact , that you are just unwilling to give into the basic , straight-forward , radio-friendly mass that this new album is . `` hey guys , nice try , maybe on the next album '' . . go ahead , you can say it.The sad thing is that there are moments of the old dredg -LRB- brilliant -RRB- entangled into the massive mess of the new dredg -LRB- confused -RRB- . There is not a single song on this album that is better than the worst parts of ` el cielo ' . It makes my stomach turn that the studio or producer -LRB- they must be different from the last album -RRB- did n't stop the band and say - `` hey , is n't that the same bass line you used in the last 4 songs ? '' OR `` hey , is n't that the same guitar line you used in the last 4 songs '' ?????? This album was rushed and out of focus . This album also contains a lost track from WHAM 's Greatest hits of 86 ' album , `` Zebraskin '' ... nothing else can be said about this track.It really pains me to write this but something has to be done . I ca n't even bare to put the record in again . Wh-Wh-Wh-Wa-Wa-Wa-What else can I d-d-d-d-d-d-do ?
 I must confirm , like everyone else , that this album is no El Cielo . However , unlike a few of the morons below , that believe this album should not be judged solely on the greatness of El Cielo - well they are completely off the mark . Of course Dredg should be held accountable based on earlier albums including their EP and we can compare albums and base our ratings from that . This album is completely different from El Cielo just as El Cielo was completely different from Leitmotif . Here 's the difference - this album is just not that good . I will give point by point reasons why . Number one - The over-repetitive guitar playing . Now I 'm not saying every group should have the musical prowess of Steve Vai , however the guitar playing is bad . Compared to El Cielo 's flowing and original sounds this album has nothing but tremolo picking all the way through , every song should have been called `` Mike 's lessons in tremolo picking style . '' I mean even the songs that did n't highlight the classics of tremolo picking were just over-played emo power chords . Secondly the concept of the album is bad , yes Dredg we know that you are writing concept albums to show off your `` oh so '' artistic quality . Where as El Cielo was an expansive artistic album based on sleep paralysis , this album is played out boring idea on white vs black , yin vs yang and idea vs conformity . The band even goes as far as putting little hints in their album liner notes as though we the fans could n't figure it out . Third what the hell is up with Gavin 's voice ? Did he smoke to many gritte 's during recording sessions?I am writing this review coming from a Dredg fan perspective . I 've listened to this countless times already and I 've tried to like it , trust me . My opinion of this album - flat out boring . In retrospect the album sounds like any punk/emo/core what ever the heck style you want to call it that 's out there today . I had purchased the album Leitmotif on a whim many years ago and found Dredg to be raw and amazing . I purchased El Cielo the day it came out and have since bought the album three times because of the wear I put on it . Catch Without Arms will go in my collection and probably never come out again . I was worried when El Cielo came out because I thought Dredg would change their sound because of Interscopes handling . I was right , it was amazing - no sophomore slump here . But I believe Dredg has hit us with the proverbial belated sophomore slump with this album . My suggestion is to dump the producer of this album and do n't listen to the critics and/or the exec 's at Interscope . Take the music where you think it should go . It can be done , Pink Floyd did it for many years being tagged with a mainstream record company . I know Dredg has it in them so good luck on the next album and try to release it in the next year or so . I sure as heck hope they play a lot of old stuff live . I 'm out ~ ~ Peace in the middle east
 If the word evolving means that you simplify song structures and lyrics and make it more dull and lame then this band is really good at that . How can you say this band is evolving ? Yes it is album that is more easy to listen to when washing the dishes or just hanging around with friends drinking beer , but even so becomes boring . I have a feeling that Dredg has one of the biggest amount of fanboys ever . What they say is totaly irrelevant . I have NEVER wanted this new album to be like El cielo . And i really doubt that other dissapointed reviewers too wanted another El cielo . It is just soulless guys .
 i 've carefully listened to catch without arms a dozen times now and i would have to say it is quite awful . i do n't know if its from working with terry date or if U2 finally got to them , but they have really let things slide . as a whole , the album lacks the passion of el cielo and leitmotif . i could tell something was wrong when the beginning of ode to the sun immediately reminded me of brushstroke
 I completely agree ... the album seems so unlike such a thoughfull and talented band . Not to say i 've lost faith in dredg , just i need some time to get over this travesty .
 El Cielo and Lietmotif were albums for musicians , lovers , and dreamers . They took you places with their lyrics and melodies . El Cielo captured an ambience that few artists ever could.Catch Without Arms , on the otherhand , hardly justifies its purchace . It is weak lyrically as well as musically . they have simplified their sound , while recorded well , there is little feeling or soul in the music . I feel that the band was either pressured by the record company to make music that is easier for the mainstream to swallow , or they simply ran out of ideas . The lyrics sound like rejected Thursday lyrics
 When I heard their first album , leitmotif , I was blown away -LRB- something that only ocassionally happens -RRB- . A fascinating album , combining various instrumentals with well placed vocals . so some time went by and eventually I bought the follow up , el ceilo -LRB- sp -RRB- , and to say the least it was really damn disappointing . songs were too structured , ambiant sounds were predictable and not-interesting . and the lyrics SUCKED . i was really bummed . but then I saw a new album comming out . alright , perhaps they learned from mistakes , perhaps every song wo n't sound over-produced and catchy . instead , it only got worse . if you had never heard this band before , `` catch without arms '' will probably sound alright . but if you knew how good they were on leifmotif , do n't buy this . i feel like i wasted my money -LRB- and i rarely feel that way about music -RRB- . dredg has lost whatever it was they had . they are just mediocre . a real tragedy
 I really ca n't understand why all the reviewers are going crazy over this record . First off , I bought it without hearing anything by them before , but it had been highly recomended to people who like Tool and Mars Volta by Amazon !! They coul n't have been any more wrong . So , why did i personally find this so painfull?Well , the whole thing in general is quite painfull . First off , the musicians . The whole band sound like studio musicians . No obvious indivuality or anything new to offer . Then we get to the vocals . The closest thing I can compare them to are Alison Moyet or Anthony and the johnsons . I do n't mind Anthony and the Johnsons , but this guys vocals and the music just do n't rock . Which is fine . It 's ok not to rock ! But why the hell , being a Tool fan and Mars volta fan , was I recomended this ? It 's bland , it 's week , and the dubby bass , boring guitar playing/sound ... weak vocals . . Actually , forget it . The whole package . It is just lame .
 neither artist are together on this cd u get five tracks of stanley anf the rest gloria all badly re issued on cd ... please dont waste your money as i did
 I Love Gloria and thought this was an album featuring both artists together instead u get six tracks of staney then six of Gloria not together at all and all very badly re issued on cd please dont waste your money as I did
 It 's difficult to understand all the 5-star reviews this album has gotten . The production is excellent and the performances immaculate , but the music is cheesy and lacks soul . Honestly , the album screams `` sell out '' , and it was sad to watch the great Wilson sisters come to this . Though it was a commercial success , and I 'm glad for their good fortune because of it -LRB- being from Seattle , I have a soft spot for this great band -RRB- , it is among the least of their albums . Only worth picking up for completists . Everyone else should stick to Heart 's very strong earlier catalog .
 I 've noticed a lot of the reviews of this album note that there are 2 Heart camps . 70 's and 80 's . To bring this up to date , the more recent Heart - Jupiter 's Darling , Red Velvet Car , and FANATIC far , faaaaar surpass this dated 80 's hair pop . My disappointment came from the fact that , listening to the ` Heart ' album , I could tell that Ann and Nancy were no longer at the wheel . The 80 's material was a money making enterprise , not Heart making a great album . With the exception of Ann 's voice , there was , simply nothing of `` Heart '' left in the music . It was like listening to Toscanini leading a harmonica band . After they got out from under the thumb of Capitol , they began to produce `` Heart '' music again . Masterful writing , Ann 's soaring vocals , Nancy doing things to an acoustic guitar that should n't even be possible . In short order , Ann and Nancy are back at the wheel . And it really shows . Next to Heart 's new and old material , the 80 's stuff is cringe-worthy . These ladies are at their best when they are doing what they WANT to do . `` Heart '' , `` Bad Animals '' , `` Brigade '' , and `` Rock the House
 To me this was the beginning of the end for the Wilson sisters . Sure , there are some okay songs on here , or so I thought until I recently replaced my vinyl LP with the CD . These songs sound so dated that I ca n't believe I used to like them . To put it mildly , this album was Heart 's contribution to the 1980s `` hair band '' movement . Synthesizers and drum machines have taken over for Nancy and Howard 's guitar playing . Dreamboat Anne and Little Queen still sound as good today as they did when they were released . This CD does not .
 This material represents why the 80 's died , the music is bland and poppy , the Wilson sister 's garnered their wigs and corsets and the the music became something of an inside joke to those mentioning real bands . Looking back at the cd the music is very dated and is caught in an era best left forgotten .
 Heart had some good tunes back in the 70s , namely Crazy on You and Little Queen , but in the 80s sales were floundering and Heart had to make a decision : Stick to their guns and continue making hard rock the way they set out to do?OrCater to the public 's wants and produce slick radio pop?Needless to say , they chose the latter.This album spawned five Top 40 hits that were equally awful yet different in their own special way . Nothin ' At All was a mushy , terrible ballad with no value as a rock song whatsoever , What About Love was similar albeit with an admittedly impressive vocal performance . These Dreams was yet another but this one was sung by sister Nancy instead . Incidentally , this became the band 's only # 1 hit . Ann must still steam about that . Never was yet another formulaic piece of pop crap . But absolutely nothing can top the embarassingly bad `` rocker '' If Looks Could Kill , which features vocalist Ann Wilson bragging for five minutes that she can give a dirty look -LRB- I 'm not joking -RRB- This crap is no different than the Britney Spears/Christina Aguleira pop that was shoved down on our throats in the 90s . The only difference is these people actually tried to call themselves a rock band.This album is an abomination and should be avoided at all costs .
 As a fan of minimalist electronica , I had to check this album out . I much prefer this end of electronica 's spectrum versus sets or albums containing tracks which solely attempt to squeeze in as many beats per minute possible.However it is much more difficult to make an entire set of minimalist electronica work . As planned , 28 tracks , one transitioning into the next so that there seems to be no beginning or end . Just one long 75 minute track . Sounds great , but the result is very unimpressive . Hawtin 's track selection is just plain terrible , and is the predominant reason that this album is so poor .2.5 / 5 stars .
 This a fun and likeable CD of pleasant swing/blues numbers , but if you are wanting to hear great guitar , do n't look here . This CD really points out Robillard 's weakness as a jazzer.Robillard , a fine blues player , does n't hit the mark here in several ways
 Bootleg collection of b-sides , remixes , and singles . Really , why even bother ?
 As the previous user stated , this is obviously a bootleg album . You can tell by the artwork -LRB- most notably the pixelated image on the front cover -RRB- as well as the mis-spelled songs on the back cover.I rarely ever purchase these sorts of CDs , but in this case I did only to have something in the car when I do n't have my Ipod with me .
 This performance is pure garbage . Unfortunately I was at this pathetic show . The audience was mostly old geezers who were there to watch a group of other geriatric has-beens . The sound was awful , their performance of West Side Story was ridiculous , and their hatred for America was sad . Halfway through the show , the singer was having serious trouble hauling his fat * ss around the stage . He sounded like an exhausted pig , gorging himself at the trough . It was bad enough that they would embarrass themselves by performing in front of people , but they actually recorded their disaster . Now they think they can sell this crap ??
 First of all , I 'll give my ` positives ' regarding this DVD . Mike Stone is a great guitar player ... way better than Kelly Grey . Stone does a very good job on the lead work that Grey simply could not do on ` Live Evolution ' . Also , using Pamela Moore to do background vocals is a plus as well.However , the production -LRB- sound , lighting , camera work -RRB- is not nearly as good as ` Evolution ' . Understanding that Tate and company are telling a story here , there is too much theatrics which takes away from the music , and Tate himself does not do very well vocally.As a long time fan , I always considered Queensryche to be a band with a lot of professional class ... they stood out from the rest . I suppose when Degarmo left , all of that went with him . I was quite frankly shocked by the profanity , and specifically , the pervasive use of the ` F ' word and the middle finger salute throughout the production . I will never understand artists and actors who feel like using such language enhances the story . I suppose that it shows their true character as individuals.Tate has always been somewhat arrogant , and it is also obviously clear where he stands on his political views . This story could have been told without him sharing his with the rest of us . The poster disgracing Bush at the beginning of the show was tacky , tasteless , disrespectful , and just plain filthy . As I stated , this behavior stunned me , and to say the least , disappointed me . Tate has no integrity and definitely lacks character.Had I known all of this beforehand , I would not have purchased it . I know my review means nothing , and will more than likely not have any affect . I just felt like I had to give my honest opinion . To the true Ryche fan who soaks up their music , this is a disappointment .
 ... is the full and misleading name of this album , one that is as run of the mill as a fan of electronic metamusic could desire . This album has seven tracks , ranging in time from 3-11 minutes , but do n't let that fool you into thinking there 's much variety . All of them meld together after the first , `` Fish '' , which is the highlight among few others that are moderately well-crafted and distinct . There is a definite feeling of sonic recycling -LRB- `` did n't I just hear that whir on the previous track ? '' -RRB- and a limited sound spectrum within their grasp . One ca n't expect too terribly much from indie techno , so its unfair to condemn this album for lack of equipment . It 's usually competent , even musical , but when an occasional vocal bit is all that differentiates one track from another , one tends to seek greener electropastures .
 THE STIFFS WERE A GOOD SOFT BAND.THIS CD IS SUPPOSED TO BE A COLLECTION OF THEIR BEST WORK . BUT MISSING IS HERE ARE THE SONGS 'D . C.RIP ' AND ANOTHER GREAT TRACK FROM THAT 7 '' . FOR CAPTAIN OI!TO LEAVE OUT SUCH AWESOME WORK IS DISTURBING . I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS RELEASE . IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN TITLED `` THE STIFFS_LOVE SONGS COLLECTION '' . THE BAND ITSELF RATES BETTER THAN 2 STARS , BUT NOT HAVING THE SONGS IT SHOULD OF HAD , GREATLY DEPRECIATES THIS CD .
 Lewis Keel is a music teacher in the New York public school system , and while my hat 's off to him for devoting his life to this worthy profession , I have to say that he sounds like a high school musician . Having been a high school saxophonist myself , I can honestly say I recognize talent when I hear it , and it is n't heard in high school bands very often.He has the technical skills to get around the instrument as he adequately demonstrates on `` Day by Day '' and `` Anthropology , '' but he has no real touch or feeling for what he 's playing . Moreover , he 's prone to squeaks and squawks , a la the kids who play woodwinds in public school bands . Maybe I 'm just tired of hearing some of the old stand-bys like `` Love for Sale '' and `` Lover Come Back to Me , '' but if so , Lewis Keel is contributing to it . His treatment of `` Quiet Nights '' is about as clinical as it gets , a style I would call `` Bossa Snora . `` I 'm sorry , Lewis . I know you 're probably a good man , but stick to teaching and stay out of the recording studio .
 Audio is technically flawed . The instumental sounds are Not crisp and clear . The musical selections and the Ellington orchestration are excellent . But the unclear Audio makes listening to this album like viewing a blurred , out of focus photograph . Definitely NOT a worthwhile selection for serious Duke Ellington afficionados .
 This is one of the worst Cd 's I 've ever heard . This chick is garbage and so 's this cd . Do n't waste your money on this one . Chopper Girl ... haha ... more like wack as hell girl . I did n't even wan na give you one star but I had to .
 Capitol 's 1990 reissue of The Beach Boys ' 1960s LPs gave us 2 of these albums on 1 CD at normal price . They 're back for who knows how long - so get them while they 're hot . On the 2-fer version of `` Little Deuce Coupe , '' which is in STEREO by the way and not MONO as it is here , you also get `` All Summer Long '' plus you get a nice stack of bonus tracks . Do n't pass up this warning - and get the 2-fer instead - quick !
 I do n't know what happened to Natalise between her first album and this one . She was so sweet on the first one and the music was good . Now she comes off like a wannabe tough girl swearing all over this record . There really did not need to be all of that . The music was n't even hot . I 'm sorry that I paid good money for this album . Buyer beware !!!
 Ironside themes do not a great album make . Even worse are the puerile child singers - the themes are ghastly and the singing OMG!If you are high on crack this might be cool . Me , I love Archie 's music from 62 to 70 , this music is CRAP . Strangely , Things Have Go to Change was amazing - Archie you had it in you to be greatImpulse wanted a hit LP this was never going to be it !!!! Archie was misled or not up to say NO !!!!!!
 I hate to disagree with so many people who love this CD , but I find very little to like about it . I found the ballads weepy , the upbeat songs cliched , and the singing/musicianship professional but uninspiring . To give you an idea of my tastes , my favorites are Nashville Bluegrass Band `` American Beauty '' , Steve Earl/Del McCrory Band `` The Mountain '' , Ricky Skaggs/Kentucky Thunder `` Bluegrass Rules '' . In my opinion , `` The Grass is Blue '' does not approach the artistic standards of these and many other current CD 's . Once again , no offense is intended to the many people who are so fond of this CD . The bottom line
 As usual , Dolly continues trying to sing but has no voice . The musicians are the only good thing about this recording . She 's attempting to sing country songs Bluegrass style and it does n't work .
 I love ya Dolly , but this music is the WHACK , or it is to this city boy ! This is a Cd only the Waltons could love !
 Reading the numerous exalting critiques of this new CD by Lhasa , I finally gave in and bought it ... I have to admit , that the exoticism of the `` haunting '' style of interpretation can be captivating to the ones not familiar with the Mexican or Latin-American musical traditions . However , the various musical styles appropriated in this CD merit greater diversity in interpretation .
 After all these reviews , it is difficult to not feel like I would be doing an injustice ... yet , I think that those who claim to like Lhasa would much prefer the originality and talent of Chavela Vargas . Indeed , Lhasa 's raspy voice is deeply influenced by the cigarrette-smoking Vargas . What is called haunting voice , or passion , by other reviewers , is a mode of interpretation that Lhasa administers indiscriminately to every song in her repertoire , especially when the CD includes merry Chrismas songs .
 Utterly amazing and unique sound . Her voice is so powerful .
 One truly great song -LRB- the first on the disc -RRB- followed by 11 weird takes on Mexican folk music and depressing moans . The brilliant arrangement and accompaniment of the first song `` Mi Cara de Pared , '' a sexy , mournfully loping tango , led me to expect greatness within , but alas , Lhasa is a one-trick pony , one with a potentially great voice , which is reduced to strained yodelling on the subsequent uninteresting numbers . It 's almost as if she were undecided what category she wanted to present herself in - is it world music ? Latin ? Pop ? Rock ? Unfortunately it seems to be none of the above . If I want Mexican folk songs , I 'll call Linda Ronstadt . The arranger and producer -LRB- name forgotten -RRB- should have waited to present the CD when he had more tricks up his sleeve and the singer had better songs . A great disappointment - but that first number is a killer .
 This was sent to me by mistake . So free it was but not a bargain.I dislike this imported 2 disc , 40 tract album very much . The is from the 30 's I would think . With high quality headphones this stuff is to hard to listen too.The sound is very thin and hissy . Fidelity is low and overall listen-ability is very weak . This big band stuff without the big band sound . Song after song , it all sound the same , very boring material with sound to match . Just a throw-away .
 I 'm sorry to say this CD is not very representative of Jewish liturgical music in England . There are far too many modern pieces by contemporary Jewish composers , many of which would be considered quite out of place in an actual English synagogue service , particularly of the more traditional style . The leading composers of the Anglo-Jewish liturgical tradition such as Samuel Alman and Abraham Saqui are very poorly represented ; even Israel Mombach , the English equivalent of Solomon Sulzer or Louis Lewandowski , only has 3 pieces on the album - and only one of those is typical . Finally , several of the pieces are instrumental -LRB- for organ -RRB- without any singing at all , which has little relevance to the choral music of the album 's title.I have heard the Zemel Choir live , and on this CD they seem rather recessed and timid . Overall , a disappointing release .
 Watch out for this turkey ! Definitely a disk for the true believers only . Sound quality as bad as any bootleg I have ever listened to , some songs fade -LRB- on a live album !? -RRB- and skimpy liner notes add up to a pretty bad package . And the addition of a keyboard player seems to hurt rather than add to WA 's sound . If you are dying for a live disk from WA 's `` Locked In '' tour , this will have to do . Otherwise , save your money .
 I hate to disagree with so many people who love this CD , but I find very little to like about it . I found the ballads weepy , the upbeat songs cliched , and the singing/musicianship professional but uninspiring . To give you an idea of my tastes , my favorites are Nashville Bluegrass Band `` American Beauty '' , Steve Earl/Del McCrory Band `` The Mountain '' , Ricky Skaggs/Kentucky Thunder `` Bluegrass Rules '' . In my opinion , `` The Grass is Blue '' does not approach the artistic standards of these and many other current CD 's . Once again , no offense is intended to the many people who are so fond of this CD . The bottom line
 As usual , Dolly continues trying to sing but has no voice . The musicians are the only good thing about this recording . She 's attempting to sing country songs Bluegrass style and it does n't work .
 I love ya Dolly , but this music is the WHACK , or it is to this city boy ! This is a Cd only the Waltons could love !
 I like Billie Holiday.I like dance remixes.I just love the Sarah McLachlan remix CD.I feel I have a very open mind and a very diverse taste in music which ranges from country to classical to classic rock to dance/trance to pop . U2 , Tiesto , Bach and Garth . As long as it sounds good.Which this does n't . There are two basic problems . First , Billie 's attraction was her syrupy lingering over the sound . It oozes sexuality but not the rhythmic mechanical pelvic thrusting kind . Second , when you take a sound track that is utterly devoid of rhythm and * then * do a bad job of adding a dance backdrop , the result is just too wierd for words.I can only conclude that this CD was released as some kind of joke just to prove that people will buy * anything * . Well , I bought and I 'm sorry ...
 I purchased this on a whim because , hey , I like Billie Holiday ... so remixes could be fun , right ? I could n't have been more wrong . What was done to this music can only be described as a travesty at best - an ugly cacophony of cheap electro beats over Billie 's beautiful voice . This could have been done well . There 's great potential , but this ? Not even passable . Do n't even give this one a second glance .
 Hideous . The only reason I gave it 1 star is because 0 stars is n't an option . The very idea of remixing `` Strange Fruit '' is tastless and disturbing .
 THIS IS JUST JUNK . VERY BAD . This is one of the worst albums of all time . he he he
 The playing is merely competent , and the singing sounds like jump rope chanting much of the time . But there are flashes of inspiration . It 's unlikely any of these songs will stay with you after the CD is over , nor will you feel much of a draw to put it on again .
 Hello again , here we are . This is what I think after listening to the new album of Germanys ' Thrash-Metal godfathers.Nothing new but still they rock like hell . Unfortunately they made a step backwards and not like Slayer or Mayhem a step forward . Well , I believe that some old school fanatics will enjoy this feature , but Sodoms ` great days are gone . Their last good record was and will be `` Tapping the Vein '' . I was a great fan of them for over 12 years but they just repeat themselves . I am not happy about giving such a cruel review about this record but I just had to say that . Sorry guys , better luck next time , ok ?
 Voice too &#34; breathy &#34; to suit my taste . I would n't say it is bad ; just not the kind of music that I like .
 i like everything aphex twin has ever made -LRB- with the exception of `` elephant song '' -RRB- , but this album is a piece of poo covered crust -LRB- thats right `` crust '' ! -RRB- . i think mr. smiley here is just releasing the stupidest stuff he 's ever made as some sort of artsy fartsy nut chunk because these songs stink flamboyantly . the first song features a reggae `` artist '' who has too much self esteem -LRB- if your gon na get excited about something dont make it reggae lyrics -RRB- . anyway i hate lyrics , so i 'm a little biased . the other parts in the song consist of drums ... and some other insignificant effects . the other songs consist of only the latter ; no music just stuff -LRB- which i know is arguably music also , but jeez 9 minutes then the next song is the exact same stuff -RRB- . now i 've gone and soiled myself i hope smiley mcgee is happy .
 Two years , and this is all we get ? The first song is decent . It has some rap/reggae guy doing his vocal thang , with RDJ 's music behind the background . Except for the first 10 seconds , the music itself exceptional . Nice crazy d' n ' b stuff with vocals . This song is worth getting , but not for $ $ $ ! The other two tracks ... they are just noise . It 's as if he hooked up electrodes to his recording equipment and twiddled with the knobs or something . Or maybe he had real songs and then encrypted them . Who knows ! They are not music . They 're most likely a sick joke by RDJ .
 but man yeah yeah yeah its good and all that , but man , 9 dollars for three songs ?! is n't that like an oxymoron ?
 I was hoping that this band would have evolved in some or any degree over the past decade , but sadly they have not . Having the courtney love message on this cd is further testament that this band is tapped out . Now that Kim is in her 40s , you 'd think there would be more emphasis to release a breakthrough cd rather than these out-takes from the past .
 Bought this CD thinking it would be similar to their cover tune , Kids in America.Was I wrong , this is worst cd I 've has the displeasure to listen to.Old chic , lead singer does nothing but scream throughout all the tracks . The tunes are simplistic , lack depth and show no inkling of creativity.If you like endless screaming to nonsensical lyrics then this rubbish is for you .
 This compilation befuddles me.The sound is a bit muffled on the tracks listed as 2000 remastered when compared with the John Denver 's Greatest Hits.Not all tracks are 2000 remastered . Calypso and I 'm Sorry are listed as 1975 . They sound and look like the same files as Denvers 's Greatest Hits when brought into audacity editing software.It also seems the 2000 remasters are not the original arrangements.I have both this `` Best of Rocky Mountain '' and Best of Volume 1 & 2 . The Rocky Mountain version does dull or soften Denver 's voice . Some may like that.But if dulls the instruments.I prefer the Best of Volumes . They are sharper with more detail to the instruments .
 If you are a John Denver fan this disk will make you cry and not for the reasons you might expect . I turned it off after 5 tracks because I could n't bare to listen to it any more . I had the feeling that someone had rummaged through some old discarded session tapes and had played them back through a pillow . The arrangements were definitely not what I was expecting and the quality was awful . I gave this recoding 1 star but only because they would n't let me out of the screen without filling in that field !
 the must be one of the worst albums ever . its like bashing yer head in too a brickwall .
 What happened to the amazing Charlie Mars from Like A Bird , Like A Plane ?? That was an incredible haunting deep pleasing album . This is not : -LRB-
 I was recently in dallas and visited the gypsy tea room where this band was playing . The band only had one good song and it was only good due to the guitars . the lead singer has a bad voice and at the end of the performance he says to the crowd `` thanks for coming to see me play '' . he said this to the 40 people still there . anyway i noticed he had 3 other people on stage that were BAND MEMBERS . I could tell that the drummer was ticked about that comment and was overheard saying `` he , the lead singer , has lost his focus '' . sad very sad
 I know bad music when I hear it . Here 't is . The lead singer is the main problem , the band are not too bad , just apparently under the leadership of this mo. . Go back to mommy and daddy in TX .
 I 've owned this CD for a few years , yet thought something was slightly off , so I compared `` Keep A Knockin '' to another copy I have.Results : Original is 168 beats per minutes , while this version is 172 beats per minute.Original 's time is 2 min . 23 seconds ; this version is 2:16 min .
 I was disappointed in the CD because I am a fan of the trio and this one had too much input from other musicians . I guess I was looking for unadulterated Steve Newcomb -LRB- sp -RRB- . My error .
 If you like overblown cliched traditional country you 're gon na love this album . A truism in Nashville is that the biggest stars get first pick of the best songs . The other side of that coin is that second tier artists like Clay Walker get the second rate material that has been picked over and rejected by bigger stars than he . There is nothing here that is n't a pale imitation of the hits and styles of others like George Strait and Alan Jackson , certainly nothing quality enough to go Top 10 in a medium dominated by more popular male vocalists and hotshot newcomers . The vocals are over the top with no restraint , bathing us with the bathos of the sappy `` I 'm poor but I got love and so I 'm rich '' and the `` there are millions like me '' cliches of these songs . `` Fore She Was Mama , '' opens the CD and has been a minor hit , but is essentially an interesting premise that needed more time to become a great song . And it is the best song on the set . The need for a nearly note by note remake of `` Before The Next Teardrop Falls '' is questionable - especially when you bring aboard the originator , the recently departed Freddy Fender whose passionate vocal just highlights what a pale copycat version Clay has provided us.I spent most of my listening time on this CD wondering when something original would peak my interest but it -LRB- mercifully -RRB- ended before that happened . Traditional is not the equivalent of cliched . Perhaps my biggest mistake was listening to Clint Black 's latest directly after the Clay Walker which did nothing more than point out how Clint does traditional right and why Clay was never a bigger star . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Well , I guess if you 've never heard this kind of stuff before then it 's fine , but it certainly is not the future of music . Listen to Papalotl instead .
 I WAS LISTENING TO THIS CD AT MY FRIENDS HOUSE , AND IT REALLY SUCKED !!!!! IF SOMEONE IS ITNERESTED IN BUYING THIS , DO N'T , IT 'S A WATSE OF YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!
 Someone email me if they know what the hell this cd is .
 This 1978 self-titled effort is the debut album from the late Roger Voudouris . It was produced by Michael Omartian who was certainly involved in some superb records in the latter half of the '70s such as Steely Dan 's `` Katy Lied '' , Boz Scaggs ' `` Down Two Then Left '' , and the self-titled debut from Christopher Cross -LRB- which he produced -RRB- . Unfortunately , this weak album from Roger Voudouris is a different story . It 's telling that on the back cover of the album it features a picture of Voudouris sitting between the two members of his rhythm section , suggesting this is some kind of power trio album -- indeed , this is PARTLY the case , however , Voudouris seems torn between wanting to be a hard-rocking progressive rocker and a soft-rock balladeer . I was very surprised to hear what a technically accomplished guitarist Voudouris was -- his light speed guitar solos on `` Hold On '' and `` The Finger Painter '' suggest he wanted to be another Eddie Van Halen , but unfortunately , these solos come across as annoyingly showoff-y instead of being in service to the songs . And that leads to another major problem -- the songs are uniformly weak ; there 's not a single gem on the entire album . Voudouris , who wrote 5 of the tracks here himself & co-wrote the remaining 4 , was clearly lacking in songwriting ability -- he seems to have a nearly non-existent ear for melody , and his lyrics are generally shallow , even when he goes for depth on `` The Finger Painter '' , and they 're often sappy as on the incredibly lame ballad `` What Are You Doing After Class ? '' and the half-baked `` Will I Ever Feel Good Again '' . Like Voudouris , his band members -- Dwight Marenia on bass and Peter Pfiefer on drums -- clearly had some serious chops , but they do n't seem to really know how to put them to good use . Adding insult to injury are Voudouris ' vocals -- he tries to sound soulful , but his vocals end up being consistently overwrought ; he seems to be trying to mask his lack of melodic ability with vocal acrobatics , and he actually ends up embarassing himself and making his weak lyrics sound even worse . `` Hold On '' starts off with a catchy riff but derails almost instantly . The 8 + minute album closer `` We 're Out Of Time '' puts his progressive rock leanings on full display , and it does have an impressive layered guitar intro , plus some respectable licks , but it 's frustratingly aimless & does n't maintain interest throughout . Apart from that kinda-sorta highlight , it figures that the album 's other best song is the one that puts Michael Omartian 's name first in the songwriting credits , and it 's the first song on the album , the pleasant `` Do n't Turn My Music Down '' -- it makes the album overall feel like an unfulfilled promise . With a trio of such technically accomplished musicians , plus the presence of Omartian who contributes keyboards , background vocals , and 3 songwriting co-writes in addition to producing , it 's really disappointing that a quality album did n't result from all of this . This late '70s relic has very little to make it worth its time and is really better off forgotten .
 I read somewhere that this band 's music is full of riotous choruses and a punky attitude , but I somehow ca n't place it . Whether Available for Propaganda is actually a statement I do not know , but from a musical standpoint it seems certainly lifeless and uninteresting . The band does come from a punk background in that their songs are mostly vocal driven with the classic punk guitars howling in the background and the one-dimensional drums pounding relentlessly . There is little to no catchy hooks -LRB- which punk is known for -RRB- or any interesting musical ideas realized . Or it could be just me because here is how their record company summarises their sound : `` Having dominated their domestic rock scene , playing one gig to over 1 million people in St. Peter 's Square , Rome in the process , Linea 77 are now setting their sights further afield . Enlisting the help of Dave Dominguez -LRB- Papa Roach , Orgy , Adema , Guns N'Roses -RRB- to focus the future , this is still the sound of edgy Southern European rock filled with riotous choruses and a punky attitude . Employing their trademark dual vocal attack mixed with a deceptively dark edge , the band are ready now to expand into the mainstream everywhere . `` With all due respect to the review above , I ca n't help but think if I am listening to the same record . The reviewer does have a point though . This is everything what mainstream music stands for . From the meant-to-be-catchy vocals on `` Inno All ` Odio '' to the repeated power chords and dramatic singing of `` Charon '' to the `` epic '' drum and bass battery of `` Sleepless '' , Linea 77 are exactly the band fans of nu-metal meets pop-punk have been waiting for.I do n't remember disliking a CD so much in recent history .
 this all sounds crappy . fauna flash 's drum n bass tune sounds so generic and boring that it makes everything else look bad . the tunes here are not of the same quality of other cds in the series like vol .5 . i say skip this one , its really boring and with the exception of like one song by tosca everything else is $ hit .
 The MP3 files downloadable from this site are not for Parsifal but Verdi 's Traviata . Amazon needs to fix this urgently .
 this all sounds crappy . fauna flash 's drum n bass tune sounds so generic and boring that it makes everything else look bad . the tunes here are not of the same quality of other cds in the series like vol .5 . i say skip this one , its really boring and with the exception of like one song by tosca everything else is $ hit .
 This CD only contains 2 songs , both of which are available on Madonna 's first album . Definately only for those who ca n't stand not having any given Madonna cd for their expansive collection .
 I guess I did n't find this CD memorable , as I could n't even remember what it sounded like . There were no particular pieces that jumped out at me and cried `` Dance to me . '' Overall I was not that impressed .
 This is totally different from the `` classic albums '' series of DVDs that have come out which I love . This is a `` classic album under review '' which basically has a bunch of fat old guys talking about how great AC/DC is . The clincher for me was the fact that they had an AC/DC tribute band on to play the guitar riffs from this album . A TRIBUTE BAND ?!?!? I 'm sure that was great fun for those guys to do , but I think the people watching would rather see the actual band playing the songs . This DVD went on WAY too long and only had little snippets of the band playing live . Way too much filler for me and not what I thought this DVD was going to be . I do not recommend it .
 I 've had enough of these damn so called `` experts '' on AC/DC saying the same BS over and over and over again . About the only thing I had n't heard before was a part on how there was a war going on at the time they recorded this where they where staying , but where too busy to even notice . And it 's just annoying that they are supposed to be talking about this great album but cant help but throw in a few lines of , `` Brian us s *** compared to Bon '' and how would Bon have done the album and Bon this , Bon that . The fact is , you can say what you want but the album is Brian , so live with it `` experts `` Then there is a few members of Dirty DC playing the songs ... big deal ... I want to see AC/DC do it , not a cover band and there guess ' and opinions.About the only person interviewed on this who knows what he is talking about is the production guy on the album , or whoever he was . He was actually there and has facts to say , not just opinions , guess ' and ideas of what MIGHT have been.Don ' t waste your time on this , these experts are idiots and do n't tell you anything new . It 's just so dumb that they release themselves on one DVD saying how bad Brian is and wishing Bon was still around , then they come out on this saying it 's the greatest album of all time.I 've had enough of these things . If it does n't have AC/DC members talking about it -LRB- and that does not include past members -RRB- then do n't bother with it . And this one does not have a single member of AC/DC to be heard . Just half a live song . They could n't even let you watch the whole thing.What makes these people `` experts '' ? They wrote a book on them ? Asked someone who knows AC/DC ? Have any of them actually met any of them and gotten a straight answer out of AC/DC ? Usually AC/DC respond with jokes ... for example , it 's mentioned in this that Brian was asked what `` Giving The Dog A Bone '' was about and he replied , `` it 's about cats and dogs '' because he loves animals ... and the guy says he does n't think so . Well , DUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! Brian was joking when he said that , did Brian have to make that clearer ? What the heck do you think the songs about ? It does n't take a genius to work out the obvious . Brian was taking the p *** out the person who asked that question cause it 's too obvious what it 's about and Brian gave a better answer by joking then just saying , `` it 's about sex dummy `` experts , uh huh , sure . Hope they do n't get paid for doing these things .
 We know Back in Black was one of the best albums in history ... do we really need some `` experts '' to tell us this ?? I 'm a big AC/DC fan I would not buy this ...
 So they release a DVD to say how good `` Back in Black '' is -LRB- as if we needed to be remembered of that ... -RRB- and they put a photo at the front cover with SIMON WRIGHT in the line-up , instead of Phil Rudd ! Wright joined the band THREE YEARS after the recording of `` Back in Black '' . This fact alone is a very good omen of the real intentions of this product
 This is a fine recording of two of the finest symphonies composed in the 20th century by the last symphonist of the planet 's extinct species . Symphony No. 5 -LRB- 1937 -RRB- is a busily melodic standard concert hall favorite , so brilliantly cinamagraphic and appealing/terrifying in imagages of Stalin 's long wintery reign of terror and nationalistic bluster in the chilly , old and awful Soviet Union . Musicians in any orchestra under almost any conductor always rise to their best with Shostakovich 's carnival orchestrations , as with Mahler 's symphonies , and it certainly happens in this Arts CD single , recorded live with excited applause with the Orchestra Sinfonica di Milano Giuseppe Verdi , a theatrically and melodically apt moniker for a band well trained in piccolo/strings brilliance , crisp waltzes , village band over - exuberance and deep , yearning melancholy . The direction of Russian-trained Oleg Caetani goes for the big sweep and detailed attention to the various orchestra section effects , one supposes just the composer 's humor.And this great symphony , which is immediately enjoyable , is coupled on this CD with the equally great but neglected Sixth Symphony -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , both written to dupe his menacing critics in the Kremlin 's Kulture Dark Ages -LRB- `` We need People 's Music , comrade , not yours ! '' -RRB- . Hark ! The critics loved it , so Shostakovich was spared the fate of writing gulag working songs in Siberia . `` Clever '' is always just the right word for Dimitri Shostakovich.The two works are equally great and seem equally structured in vast introductory landscaped octaves , and Shostakovich , as obliging a chameleon as Stravinsky , absolutely rose to his peak in orchstral nostalgia and classical form . In my opinion , his inspiration thereafter to write more and more intellectually passionate symphonies too often failed him , like Mahler 's after his great Fifth Symphony , I think , and the 10 or so that followed , including the much respected hyper-active Seventh , are but distracted echoes amid growing Soviet political convulsions.Shostakovich himself once remarked that it was getting too hard to write an allegro movement -LRB- and so his finales fell too easily into the old Slavic trap of folkish clog dances , military noise and shadow boxing -LRB- with Rossini , Verdi and stage entertainers of a bygone age . But Prokofiev could behave that way , too . -RRB- So by all means get this wonderful pairing of Shostakovich 's best , because if you 're after just the Fifth it generally comes packaged with his harsher products .
 If you 're getting this DVD for the trains like i was do n't bother unless you 're looking for 2 Thomas trains . You 're not going to get Donald like the picture shows .
 This 1991 Muse Records CD -LRB- out of print -RRB- is among Earlands weakest B-3 performances recorded . Standard tunes like `` Unforgetable '' and `` Europe '' -LRB- yes , the Santana hit -RRB- is arranged and played like elevator music and goes nowhere ... But there are moments where Earland shines and cook 's predictable with his combo like on `` Sheila '' and `` Kicker '' , but thats all . Even Earland 's sidemen like Eric Alexander on tenorsax does not lift the overall performance quality . Thia is not capured misic , this manufactured music . For Earland collectors - put this CD in your shelf and start looking for Earlands recordings on Prestige , Milestone and Savant/HighNote
 Listen to the sound bite before you buy . I did n't , but I should have . This is way to modern for me , I like cool west coast jazz , but this is sort of Ornette Coleman meets Karlheinz Stockhausen -- very modern in tone . If that is your bag , the album is for you , otherwise pass this one by .
 The Dissapointed . Why do I need demos of all the songs already on Apple Venus 1 . Let 's bring on Apple Venus 2 , after all , is n't that what we were promised ?
 I do n't actually own this album , but I did buy Apple Venus , and I 'll say this
 The late Roger Voudouris ' self-titled 1978 debut album is incredibly weak and was n't exactly a big seller either , so it 's not surprising that his follow-up album , 1979 's `` Radio Dream '' , is quite different -- it 's much glossier sounding , and apart from the short album-closing instrumental `` Reprise '' , the progressive rock leanings have vanished without a trace . Voudouris nearly had a top 20 US hit with the album-opening `` Get Used To It '' in 1979 -LRB- it peaked at # 21 -RRB- . I 'm not sure if that single preceeded the album 's release or not , but either way , it feels as though the album , which does n't even reach the 32-minute mark , was rushed together to try & capitalize on its commercial success . The resulting album is better than his debut , but not by much . Even `` Get Used To It '' is n't very good -- it 's a rote piece of pop-rock songwriting and sounds like a somewhat crass attempt at a hit , and relative highlights such as `` We Ca n't Stay Like This Forever '' and the somewhat dreamy title track still leave a lot to be desired . Plus , there are a couple of sappy ballads with `` Anything From Anyone '' and `` The Next Time Around '' , as well as the lame , ` danceable ' `` We Only Dance 'Cause We Have To '' . Voudouris ' overwrought vocals are on display again , making the sappy ballads even more tedious . Michael Omartian produced again and co-wrote most of the tracks , and this time there are some other big name guests including Leland Sklar , Jay Graydon , and Michael & Randy Brecker , but it 's as if Voudouris , with his painful lack of songwriting talent & annoying vocals , was a lost cause & just did n't have a quality album in him no matter how much help he got . Like his debut , there 's not a single gem on this whole album , and you 'd have to be a total apologist of the '70s California pop-rock sound to really defend this thing .
 A complete disappointment and waste of time . The narrator could n't seem less interested ; almost as though bothered by the project . Look somewhere else for a sports hypnosis cd .
 It 's rather amusing that some harmonica band -LRB- or whatever the hell it is -RRB- decided to give their album the same title as one of the greatest rock albums in history -LRB- Styx
 The picture on the front of the CD is very deceiving . It shows a steam engine -LRB- an American-type steam engine , as a matter of fact -RRB- and there are no sounds of steam in the entire CD . All you hear for 90 percent of the time are slick wheels running on rails -- no engine sounds , no locomotives working hard or switching . In my opinion , this album is not worth the money for steam rail fans . If there had been a picture one of the European -LRB- or Asian -RRB- electric-powered trains that you hear on this CD , I would have never bought it .
 The musical performances here are quite dull . There is nothing wrong about them except that the musicians seem to be simply doing their job and nothing else . If I had paid good money for this concert in person , I would have been highly disappointed . The video quality is even worse . The DVD is cheap but not cheap enough to justify its purchase .
 This series of DVDs offers some fine performances along with a great deal of annoyance . The top menu offers no access points to most of the listed repertory . Tried on several different machines the problem is persistant . At least the price is reasonable if you do n't mind fast forwarding through all tracks to get to the later pieces .
 I bought this DVD for the Mozart Symphony # 35 . However , it is very difficult to access the work . I finally figured out that the only way to do it is to fast forward through the final movement of the Lebrun Concerto . This problem was in evidence on several different DVD players one of which can track DVDs with any region code . There are some wonderful performances on this series . Too bad the engineering is so poor .
 When i first heard about deviant , i thought it would be something great -LRB- judging by previous records and the way Ps developed in their musical style -RRB- . But after finally listening thru it i suddenly realised PS was trying to go mainstream . Their new CD is so much alike with Korn or limp bizkit music it was terryifing . I could n't understand why Ps chose to opt out of the electronics towards more punk/rock style . In general this CD has some good tracks -LRB- 2 to be exact -RRB- , but it not deliver the goods like the previous CD 's did . I AM SORELY DISSAPOINTED !
 The Pitchshifter sound that has been forged over their last 5 or so releases , culminating wonderfully with `` www.pitchshifter.com '' has here been stripped to a watered-down sound that could have come from any of 1,000 other bands who are wasting our time -LRB- and money -RRB- these days . The Pitchshifter formula of brutal guitars mixed with programed drums and other industrial and electronic affects was unlike anything else on the musical scene . That sound is completely gone on this CD -- reducing their punishing onslaught to something that MTV would have little problem broadcasting . A very disappointing CD .
 This album sucks bad . I ca n't believe Jello participated in this . The only reason could be the lyrics , which are the only thing good about this album . If I read the lyrics but never listened to the music , I would like something about this product . This music is mainstream pseudo-post - -LRB- wannabe -RRB- punk garbage a la Korn -LRB- who also sucks -RRB- . Too bad pitchshifter changed so drastically . Their first few were really good .
 This cd is horrible !!! I thought that it might sound a little like there first , but it just sounded weird . It was so bad that when i put it in my cd player , i started bleeding from my ears . Skip this cd for gods sake and by something better like a rake or a loaf of bread .
 When I first heard Ra 's `` From Zero '' I was in awe . A band that used cool effects , Egyptian scales , and was moderately heavy -- the perfect mix for me . Then , Duality came out.Duality demonstrates a lack of creativity that was once there in Ra . I would n't say they evolved , I 'd say they devoled . They still use effects , but rarely and they do n't have as big of an impact . On top of that they hardly sound Egyption on the album . As for this album , Ra sounds more like other bands , but they are still distinct . I just wish they went in a different direction.I do want to say that their are some really awesome songs like Fallen Angels , Undertaken , and Taken . The other tracks are bad either , it 's just that I expected a whole lot more .
 wow this is the first time im ever writing a review for a cd i never got to listen to -LRB- thanks to the poor slow sevice from amazon -RRB- . Ordered this item april 15 2011 . First i was supposed to get it by april 29th then they pushed it to may 27th poor timing for amazon because they screwed up a previous order . I cancelled this order it was supposed to be an anniversary gift for my husband . I suggest people be careful when ordering this product because it will take its sweet time getting there if it does at all or maybe you will get it by next year.I was being very generous rating 1 star not for the music but for the poor service i will not be re ordering
 Come On , People !!!! I checked this out because Amazon emailed me saying it was top rated ... ??? Could it be because one of the `` songs '' is entitled `` Amazon '' ? Sex appeal !? Not !!!! - unless you want to have sex with a monkey ... . And for those who think this is the best album they 've heard in a long time - my condolences ! Seriously , this recording is nothing more than a possibly somewhat cute girl chanting gibberish over some low-fi computer generated noise loops . True artists should be outraged , and they would if they could stop laughing . I recommend steering way way clear of this sorry excuse for music . Please , people - do n't let big music money tell you what is good - we all suffer for it in the end .
 OMG ... I wanted to shot myself after listening to 30 seconds of this nonsense .
 I remember seeing the video for M.I.A. 's song `` Bucky Done Gun '' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- on MTV Hits one day , and after it went off , I thought that maybe it was just some reggaeton that I could n't get into . But since I try to give everything a fair chance , I still decided to check out her album . But despite all the glowing reviews for Arular , after listening to it , I personally think it is one of the worst albums in existence.I think M.I.A. should stand for Music Is Acquired -LRB- as in `` acquired taste '' -RRB- because to say that the music is n't the most accessible would n't be telling the half of it . Everything single song has a completely different style ; and to top THAT off , there is absolutely no kind of cohesion . Furthermore , Maya can neither sing nor rap -LRB- but it 's really more like talking than rapping -RRB- . The only way I could possibly recommend this album is if there is an instrumental version of it somewhere , so people could dance to it at the club . Then again , I could n't even tell if the beats are that great after all , because everything is so badly produced . I understand that Maya wanted to fuse reggae , rap , R&B ; and possibly other styles , but she failed miserably . Missy Elliott tried to do a similar thing with The Cookbook and also failed , but even that is better than Arular . Leave it alone.Anthony Rupert
 This CD does n't even dserve a star . How can you call this music ? Sucks .
 I have to agree some songs sound very catchy.But is n't she singing about some Terrorist Group in some Asian Island ? I heard even MTV ban some of her songs because of that .
 she 's sri lankan but it 's like she 's trying to be west indian or something . Ok it kind of works and she 's really pretty but I think she would become even bigger if she marketed herself to bollywood and gave the music the dancehall sound . It would give her some nice exposure .
 You can tell the difference between this and the next . A couple of good songs , nothing spectacular . One song on this CD appears on the movie `` War '' with Jet-Li . Although I rate this with an OK , Im very tough . There 's no sappy love ballads , no whiney boy songs . It 's in your face , and strong .
 tacky and shallow . not in a hot Peaches way , in a lame Gwen Stefani way .
 I sincerely believe this album sucks . I do n't get why anybody likes it .
 I liked a couple songs on this CD but over all I was not that excited over her music .
 Can someone please tell me how she managed to be signed by A !!!! record label , let alone one capable of putting her music -LRB- if that 's what you call it -RRB- into the airwaves as much as it is .
 First off , I 'm somewhat amused -LRB- especially Amazon.com -RRB- by some reviewers calling this album exceptional and one of the best artists in a long time . Sorry , but this is nothing but a Mexican and more dance version of Britney Spears . If this is the best album in your collection , I 'd recommend starting over again.The thing about this album is that it 's not meant to be good . It 's just to be a fun , dance album , not to be taken seriously at all . And , that 's what it `` Arular '' is . Take `` Bucky Done Gun '' for example . Throw in a hot , dance beat , lyrics that makes no sense whatsoever , and some hot sex kitten , and there you go , you get the song . Though , the best song is `` Galang '' . I watched the music video on MTV , and it is one of the most catchiest songs ever created . `` Galang , galang , galang . Gala , gala , gala , galang , galang . You get , you get down . Get down . Gala , gala , gala . '' . Even if the lyrics are out of wack , you have to admit , it 's catchy and a guilty pleasure . The `` Banana '' skit was awful , but so awful that it was good . And , that 's basically sums up `` Arular '' in one sentence . It was so awful that it was good ... well , ok . Though , if this was actually taken seriously , American Idol rejects would be at the top of the charts right now.Go ahead and buy it if you have a dance collection . Otherwise , stay FAR away.Replay Value
 People must really be desperate these days . Just because pretentious jerks who write bad music reviews for Rolling Stone and Pitchfork say this is good , doesnt mean it 'll make you super-cool if you say you like it too . M.I.A. is HORRIBLE .
 Save your money or purchase a hammer when you buy this cd because all you 'll want to do is hit yourself in the head for buying it in the first place . If not for that then you 'll be hitting yourself just so you do n't have to hear this woman 's whinney voice , trust me . I bought this album just a few days ago and all I can say is . . Well , you get the point . .
 I find the terrorist links in her songs offensive.Taken from Fire Fire - `` Growin up , Brewin UpGuerilla gettin trained uplook out look outFrom over the Rooftop '' -LSB- reffering to LTTE snipers -RSB- `` Competition coming up nowLoad up , Aim , Fire Fire , Pop `` She has a lot of LTTE propaganda in her music website , and even promotes this terrorist organisation in her music . She needs to get a grip , and the people buying her music need to get a grip and actually look at what they 're buying here .
 Great , another socially aware electro-dance record . I ca n't wait for the an Iraqi to come out with one about the current US led invasion .
 The first time through I really enjoyed the quick quirky beats , and the skits were sorta interesting as well . The novelty wore off after the first play through and it soon went from quick , quirky , and interesting to obnoxious , and boring . Perhaps this just is n't my style of music but I heard a lot of good things about this album and figured I 'd give it a try . I found myself enjoying her biography a lot more than her album .
 Ah , here i am about to agree with an Amazon editorial . Does n't happen too often.M.I.A . 's debut is actually very intriguing once , say , the first 3-4 tracks kick in . But then it starts sounding as if the cd laser-reader has been stuck on those 3-4 first tracks . It all sounds the same.The recipe is surely original though . An agrresive raw style of unpolished hip-hop beats that sound charmingly primitive and electronic effects that fall short of functioning as sound-dressing . The overall result proves that even original thoughts dont necessarily go a long way , not if they are not multi-layered and do not have enough depth to carry them through.Constant airwave exposure has ensured that this record do good in the sales department . But as far as those claiming that this is one of the best electro-LPs of the year , hmm , that 's really needlessly stretching it.What it is , is a debut with a lot of promise . A basis M.I.A.can potentially build on . Bringing in an outside influence to her one-woman-show can obviously only help .
 The first time I heard a song off of this album I sat in complete horror praying for it to end after the first 30 seconds . This has to be one of the worst albums I 've ever heard , and I listen to a lot of electronic music . Most of the vocals are just spoken which is a good thing since when she attempts to sing it 's this completely annoying nasal whailing sound that makes you want to cover your ears.The only thing that saves her attempt at self-expression -LRB- I 'm not even giving it the benefit of being called music -RRB- is the melodies and beats . However , both are so repetitive that I ca n't even listen to them , and I listen to EDM more than anything else so I 'm more than used to putting up with songs like this . The problem is I can handle a song or two . I ca n't handle a whole album worth.The few people that do get this are either tone deaf , or so disillusioned about music and talent that they 've been sucked in with the few that believe something this horid is a praise worthy attempt at expression . To say that the , `` few do n't get it , '' is laughable . Few do get this . It 's not just because it 's different either . Standing out and being different is one thing this album is neither . It 's just noise . If she were n't attractive I doubt half the people that like this would even listen to it . The rest are probably of the same lot that get on American Idol and clearly ca n't sing , but claim they 're talented and aruge with people that know talent.The only person I know that claims to enjoy this album argued with me about this for a while . She finally admitted that she only likes two songs because they sound good with the speaker setup in her car . Just to get this clear , she does n't like it because it 's different or interesting or even good . She likes it because Maya , along with some help , was able to make two beat structures that sound good in her car . That 's it .
 IF , and IF , you have never heard `` Fantastic Damage '' by El-P . And now I 'm waiting for a torrent of not-helpful votes to flow like water because I 've kicked a sacred cow in the face.I had high hopes . I swear . True , the hype was somewhat worrying . But , I figured this kind of thing happens.Then I started playing ... A lot of these beats are too similar . I hear the words `` FruityLoops '' thrown around . BUT , I could do better this on Fruity Loops and I have the evidence to back this up.OK , `` Fire Fire '' and `` Galang '' are alright . It 's kind of got some funk to it.This is pretty basic programming . Except they threw some IDM-ish noises in to appeal to the `` hipster '' crowd.Actually , the more I listen to this , the more nonplussed I am . I 'm now changing this from a two star to a one star.AM I THE ONLY PERSON WHO NOTICES HOW CRAPPY THESE LYRICS ARE ?!?! AM I ?! `` Oh , but she 's Sri Lankan and revolutionary , so it 's OK . `` NO IT IS NOT OK ! I 'd seriously rather listen to Chingy or ... god ... I do n't even care . You people are retarded for buying the hype of a bunch of indie nerds who think she 's hot and revolutionary and exotic . After she rhymed the word `` him '' about 9000 times in `` Sunshowers '' I just wanted to punch someone.I ca n't even be civil anymore . People have no taste , and the people who think they have taste buy crap like this.Yes , that 's right . I just took the gelding off your horse . You can hate me , but ... seriously , there 's nothing worse than pretension . I 'm done with this CD . I 'll put back in some Ghostface .
 sounds like a third world elementary school class on a field trip to a crack factory . if this music is so revolutionary and worldly , how come the only people listening to it are skinny white boys who wear hats with earflaps indoors ?
 I checked out this album based solely Pitchfork.com review which hailed M.I.A. 's `` Arular '' as wonderful , cutting-edge music . The reviewer praised her for mixing dancehall , reggae , electronica , and hip hop and a revolutionary political message . But , after picking it up and listening to it , I have to say that I was n't all that impressed . It was n't upbeat , danceable or even listenable for that matter . And yes , it had a political message , but I 've heard it done better by other hip hop artists.I spun it once and put it away for a few months . I did n't like it , so I put it away . Then a few months later , a car commercial featured a small sample from `` Arular . '' I thought , maybe I was just in a bad mood when I listened to the album , so I dusted off the record to give it one more chance . Again , I did n't like it , so I decided to give it another spin . Same feelings . It took me four times before I finally figured out that this was one album that would n't grow on me.Frankly , MIA , in my opinion is n't cutting edge . Missy Elliot was the pioneer for the sound that MIA tries -LRB- and fails -RRB- to copy . And Missy 's songs are danceable and fun to listen to . I know there will be much disagreement on that point , because many people -LRB- choose -RRB- not to get hip hop or just do n't listen to it -LRB- even though they 'll make an exception for the Beastie Boys or Eminem . -RRB- And what 's so cutting edge about including a political message with your beats ? Hip hop and rap artists have been doing this for years . In the past , hip hop/rap has been a venue for the disenfranchised to voice political messages that the general public chooses not to hear . Of course , I ca n't qualify `` gangsta '' rap as having a political message - but I know that old school rap and some hip hop artists have . Public Enemy were among the first to use rap to convey a political message . Tupac , the Fugees , Lauryn Hill , and others have done it as well.If you want to hear what MIA does , -LRB- but music that 's truly danceable , -RRB- then Missy Elliot 's the way to go . Otherwise , I 'd give this album a pass .
 The only thing interesting about this album is mia 's accent . Seriously , the beats her singing is layered over are tired and clich&eacute;d . If the vocals on this album were by anyone else it would not be in the top 500 . Final Verdict
 Wow , what kind of credentials do you need to be a amazon critic or editor ? Certainly not good taste in music ! The selection of this album at # 2 on the editor 's picks of the top 100 of 2005 leaves me grasping for reality and laughing til I ca n't breathe . You 've got to be musically challenged , deaf , and under 12 to like one track on this album . The 5 star ratings?a sure sign the apocalypse is upon us .
 With the exception of lip-synching , this is an exact replay of Milli Vanilli . Remember that moment ? Watching the Milli Vanilli video and saying , `` Huh , cool hair , uh , sorta interesting street scenes ... wow , this music is really bad . '' That 's MIA
 This sounds like karaoke . I wish it did n't - but it does . I 'm a white man married to an Indian girl - I love Indian music , Chutney is cool , reggae , etc. - and the lead singer is attractive - but it really , really sounds like karaoke ... I ca n't escape that fact . And ... yes ... it is very repetitive , mundane , same sounding music throughout the whole CD . But , it does n't matter because todays ear for music is pretty much on the deaf side . Simple and repetitive is the cornerstone of todays musical taste . Oh well - I 'll watch the video though - she 's cute . But , it is still a talentless serving up of supposed ` world music ' . What a bunch of crap that is ! Listen to ` The Mysterious Voices of Bulgaria ' or ` Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ' if you want REAL world music . What ? It 's boring ? Then you do n't really like ` World Music ' - lol .
 This is good music , but I really have a problem with some of the lyrics.For instance , Sunshowers : `` You wan na win a war ? Like PLO I do n't surrender '' `` It 's a bomb yo , so run yo , put away your stupid gun yo ... that 's why we blow it up before we go '' `` they showed him a picture then , ai n't that you with the muslims ? `` Now I 'm not one for censorship , but I ca n't back someone glorifying PLO and terrorism in dance music . That 's just ridiculous . I know reggae has roots of being somewhat violent and rebellious back at its early roots , but I absolutely ca n't sponsor these messages . It 's just wrong .
 This record is nothing more than the musical equivalent of a Von Dutch hat . Trendy for a couple months and then quickly tossed aside , as the bastardized dancehall routine inevitably becomes boring . I give her another album - Kala has already proved to be a disappointment - after which she 'll have little left to do but don a suicide belt , perhaps?What is a bit different with this `` pioneering artist '' is that , to sell records , she is prostituting her repugnant association with a terrorist outfit who , among other things , -LRB- 1 -RRB- invented the suicide bombing belt , -LRB- 2 -RRB- pioneered the used of women in suicide attacks , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- has been the only terrorist organization to assasinate two world leaders . The LTTE have been banned in more than 20 countries around the world , with the FBI this past January calling them an outfit that `` inspired '' the Al Qaeda -LRB- http://www.fbi.gov/page2/jan08/tamil_tigers011008.html -RRB- . Killing innocent people , smuggling drugs and using suicide bombers are n't the tools of `` freedomfighters '' . After buddying up with Gwen Stefani , its quite clear that she 's trying to be yet another tuffgrrl and that this `` freedomfighter '' angle is a reprehensible record-selling gimmick and nothing more . Take away the backstory and the anti-establishment packaging that lends it enough `` street cred '' for the Brooklyn iPod kids to buy her records , and these simplistic `` mash-ups '' fall flat on their face . I ca n't decide whether she 's simply too dumb to understand the fire she 's playing with , or unscrupulous enough not to care .
 If this CD were to be captured - it would not be an M.I.A. that you would go looking for . Save your money and buy a 99 cent toy flute at Walmart to make better music .
 I heard a lot of chatter about this new girl M.I.A. and her album getting a lot of good reviews . I do n't know if her phenomenon is a result of her label hyping her in publications or what , but after listening to her album once through , I would advise you to stay away unless ecstasy-rave music is your thing . She is nearly unintelligible on all of her vocals and is drowned out by the incessant reverb present on all most all of her tracks . This is the definition of drivel . I am happy for her and her interesting life story , but her music does not interest me . Save your $ !
 This is quite possibly the absolute worst thing I 've ever heard in my entire life . If you 're considering buying this CD , I suggest you go outside , find a construction site , walk up to the guy with the jackhammer , and press your ear to the side of it . If you like how that sounds , then go buy the CD . If not , well ... `` Galang , '' the reggaeton hit , is n't even something to wave a steamy pile of you-know-what at ... and the music just goes downhill from there . `` bucky done gun '' -LRB- which does n't even make any sense as a title -RRB- is good for use as a humorous conversation starter , but that just about exhausts its usefulness or likeability ... much the same as the rest of the CD .
 just no . not even close to being listenable . its as annoying as listening to japanese anime before its been dubbed .
 This album is able to be previewed in full on NME.com If I were you I would go there to find out just what you 're about to endure . This album sucks extremely bad . I have not heard anything this half assed in all but two weeks . This garbage getting good reviews is only an indication of the white reviewers out there trying to make this seem cooler than it isn ` nt . The beats are exactly the same on every track . Handclaps and half rhythms are only one tenth of the awkwardness on this record . I dont think that anyone with fully functioning ears would like this record , unless they think it makes them look different . For the most part , there is nothing innovative on this record . This is what bad pop music will sound like in ten years . MIA has recorded a travesty ahead of her time . Once again , go to NME.com and preview this before you actully waste your money on this . The sound of this record could have been reproduced with a kettle drum and sticks banging together in a long hall .
 This album is 2 stars because some of the songs are listenable . I hardly enjoy listening to this album.I hardly recommend this album . Addy .
 This is like a new genre of music - cheese metal , it sucks so bad that you do n't even get angry with it , rather you feel sorry for the poor people in this god-awful band , and all the people who were misled into buying this or any other nightwish cd . The sound is like total cheesy motoristic rock with ridicules dickenson-like vocals distorted in the worst possible way ... Ok if i had to pick one cd i would suggest you NOT to buy , this would come in second only to limp bizkit 's chocolate starfish ...
 THis band from Scandinavia reminds me of Stratovarius . They sound so clean , so perfect , that you almost forget they are playing rock . It 's boring and flat sound , and the female singer is annoying with his boring voice . It 's a totally forgetable experience .
 `` Wishmaster '' by Nightwish has got to be one of the WORST albums of this generation ! Kurt Cobain and Layne Staley must be rolling in their graves as this album is being played all over the world.Just so you know how much I HATE this album , here are the ratings : She is my Sin
 Very disappointed with this one . Try their CDs Dark Passion Play and Once . They get five stars from me .
 it 's an interesting idea to have a operatic female vox in a metal band ; however , her voice is mediocre -LRB- you 'd know it 's true if you know some names from the opera genre -RRB- , and the music is not original at all . Does anyone know any similar bands -LRB- with operatic female vox -RRB- that are better than this ? Let me know . Thanks !
 This CD looks to be a 9 track version of the Howlin ' Wolf Live Gold CD -LRB- Fine Tune 2212-2 -RRB- which has 14 tracks and appears to be available through Amazon Marketplace -LRB- the first nine tracks are in identical order on both CD 's -RRB- . From listening to the samples on Amazon the sound quality of the 9 track CD appears to be the same since as the Fine Tune version . The Fine Tune audio quality is not all that good , may not really be live , but it is the Wolf , after all . Thought fair warning was in order .
 iTunes has this exact album available for download on mp3 -- which means you do n't have to wait for a CD and you can purchase individual selections . Sad to say that because I sooooo much prefer Amazon . They 've been doing a great job in getting our oldies available to us ... but need to do more ... keep at it ! I hope you think so as well .
 Quien no va a ser sensilla con la poca fama , talento , y bellesa que esta mujer tiene ? No tiene voz suave , ni fuerte . Deveria dedicarse a otra cosa . Lo que sea . . menos cantar , y actuar porque seria igual de ridicula que Patty Navidad !! Este es uno de los peores Discos que he escuchado en toda mi vida !!
 Why is she not famous ? I agree with the other smart reviewer , because she STINKS ! Wow does she stink ! I had no choice but to throw her CD in the trash . I was n't going to torture anyone by giving them this CD as a present ! No way ! I just THREW IT AWAY !
 I 've never been so disappointed with a CD !! If there were 3 songs on the CD that I liked it was a lot . And there are just some songs that should not be re-made by different artists - two in particular from this album is the Love song from the Titanic movie and Hopelessly Devoted To You . So I would n't even bother .
 The music has been out . What is the purpose of it ? Forget it
 This release represents the worst kind of record company greed . The With The Lights Out box set had about a disc worth of quality material and a lot of filler . Theoretically , a `` best of the box '' release would be a very good idea for more casual fans who do n't want to sift through all of the garbage that should n't have been released in the first place.The problem is that this release does n't at all live up to its name . In fact , I would go so far as to say that what 's here is almost the worst of the box ! The only tracks here that definitely deserve to be here are
 If you have the box set or plan on getting the box set , do NOT buy this disc . It 's not worth it , not even for the three ` new ' tracks . The 1985 Fecal Matter demo of `` Spank Thru '' may have historical value , but it 's awful . Cobain would grow into a great vocalist and a great guitar player , but on this track , he 's still learning . There 's some bad wankery on the guitar and the vocals are mediocre . In fact , the first minute or so has some dreadful singing , so much that Novoselic 's ear for talent seems all the more remarkable.The 1990 demo of `` Sappy '' is merely okay . The guitar and drum work seems rather tame next to the finished version included on the box set , and the vocals are less interesting and generally inferior than those on the finished version too.The boombox version of `` Come As You Are '' sounds like a demo recorded on a cheap , single-mic tape recorder . -LRB- It may have been recorded on a boombox with a record function , hence the name . -RRB- Instrumentally , it 's not a bad performance , and the vocals are pretty good , but this is a really lo-fi recording . The drums come in pretty clear , but the guitar and Cobain 's vocals are way down in the mix . This early version of the song also repeats the first verse twice - Cobain would later write two more verses and use these on the finished version on NEVERMIND . I doubt I 'll ever listen to this ` boombox version ' again , especially when the album and live performances are not only better musically but available in better sound quality.The rest of this disc is available on their box set `` With The Lights Out , '' which is essential to any Nirvana fan -LRB- the DVD alone is amazing -RRB- . If you 're on a very tight budget , SLIVER
 As any fan of Nirvana is well aware , Kurt Cobain had a fear that was close to outright paranoia about Nirvana 's music being milked and exploited to make a buck . All of a sudden , that fear seems totally legitimate.This is -LRB- basically -RRB- the 3rd `` Greatest Hits '' cd that 's been released under the band 's banner . Nirvana only had three studio released cds . Well ... four if you count ` Incesticide . ` If you 're a younger fan and you want a terrific introduction to the band 's work save your money from cd and save up for the ` With the Lights Out ' box-set . It does n't cost too much and is a great way to break into the band.A true Nirvana fan understands that the only meaning behind this piece is dollar signs .
 The quality and selection of these bootlegs is crap , pure and simple . The people that give this Nirvana/pre-Nirvana compilation more than one star must be deaf , because this Best of is the worst Nirvana ever had to offer.There are literally hundreds of hours of better unreleased Nirvana recordings and versions out there , like the version of `` Sappy '' from the Smart studio session from April of 1990 . It 's strange the record company included a far inferior and badly-played version of the song from the same year . To give you an idea of how high-quality and well-played the Smart session songs are , I must mention that it 's the same session that yielded the version of `` Polly '' that was put on Nevermind . It 's damn good . Unlike everything on here . The suits at Geffen and Interscope just want to milk Nirvana for every penny they can , and are making unsuspecting Nirvana fans pay for the cream of the crap -LRB- this supposed Best of the Box and With the Lights Out -RRB- when they do n't have to . To any Nirvana fan that wants to hear better versions of the songs on With the Lights Out
 All it is the summary of the boxset i guess for the budget nirvana fan ? the reason i am giving it 2 stars all it had to offer was a track not included in the box set which is the come as you are demo . . the box set is alot more expensive but has alot more to offer than this and you get a decent dvd to watch all in all a buy for the hardcore nirvana fan ... also the art work was originally picked out by Frances Bean Cobain and thats a good thing ! other than that buy the box set
 I agree with most people that this is an un-necessary release . It is an obvious attempt to cash in by the holders of the rights . But on the other hand it is also a cheaper alternative to the ` With the lights out box ' . I own the box and can honestly say it is definitely worth the extra money to buy that . This does n't even offer the best of the box anyway , which it clear states in the title . I only bought this because I like to own anything and everything with the Nirvana name on it . I believe Nirvana are the most influencial band since the Beatles and any unheard recording of the bands I must have.Only hardcore fans will want to buy this , it only offers 3 previously unreleased recording of which only two are any good . ` Sappy ' and a 1985 recorded version of ` Spank Thru ' which surely must be the first ever recording by Nirvana.As far as value for money goes , this does n't have anything to offer , sadly .
 There is no excuse for the CD to be made . I thought when it was first announced it would be HIGHLIGHTS from the box set and a couple other songs they did n't put on the box . This CD is overburdened with scraps , there were great -LRB- full -RRB- songs on With The Lights Out , but only a couple of them show up here . Once again , the Cobain estate is going to try to sap us as much as possible until they give us a complete rareties , compilation and b-side tracks set . Buy the box set and make your own compilation .
 Have you ever heard the song ` Milk It ' ? It was written for this exact reason . Or ` Rape Me ' ? `` Its so relieving to know that your leaving as soon as you get paid '' Francis farmer ? You know when you buy this , some record exec is making a buck on a dead persons name . But hey we all know that suicide sells .
 I am a huge Nirvana fan I have been one ever since 1990 when I first listened to Bleach . If you are die hard like me you will not like this album , you probably already have all the songs on this album so do n't waste your money . The only reason I would recommend someone to but this album is if they did not buy the box set . I wish I had my $ 10.00 back .
 If this is the `` best of the box '' then thank God I did n't buy the box . Most of this stuff should never have left Cobain 's closet .
 As a long time Kurt Cobain fan , Kurt was the reason I learned guitar years ago , I was always a singer and songwriter since I was young but when Nirvana came out in 1991 I learned guitar as well cause the man inspired me too not just sing but write my own riffs.on this release save the money and buy the whole box set it is worth it , except for Courtney being the Yoko Ono money whore that she is and saving these extra demo tracks for this cd instead of putting every last outake demo live etc on last years boxed set.so you have to buy this cd just for the 3 new tracks.I know Courtney has enough money so I would ` nt buy this cd.Kurt should not be remembered this way with his widow milking every dollar she could get.I will make sure if I become famous that only my children would be in control of my music who would treat it with respect .
 I bought this CD thinking it was a `` Best Of '' or `` greatest Hits '' type thing . It is far from that to be sure . Sure there are alot of songs here but they are all old demo 's or just poorly recorded live stuff from garage practices & small clubs . Maybe I 'm just too jaded , but the sound quality was horrible . I mean I was disapointed in it not being studio recordings in the 1st place . But in this day & age you should be able to go in & clean the really poor sound quality up a bit before packaging it up & selling it to the general public . It basicly sounds like it was recorded usuing a portable cassette tape player , & a cheap one at that ! I 'm gon na see if I can get some fool to actually give me some money for this piece of trash on Ebay , but I doubt it .
 the selection of tracks on this does definately not cover the best of the With the lights out box set . only about half of these songs would be classified in most peoples opinions as the `` best of the box . '' . As for those who already own the box but need the 3 extra unreleased -LRB- frggn courtney love does it again . -RRB- it 's really not worth it , I own a VAST collection of Nirvana albums and bootlegs , and i 'm telling you that the sloppy demo version of `` sappy '' is just a lo-fi worse performed version of the song that is obtainable on the `` No Alternative '' compalation . Fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of the `` Fecal Matter '' demos for decades , and the `` Spank Thru '' is absolute trash , it is vaguely amusing in the vain of `` Beans '' but almost unlistenable . the Come as you are boombox demo is merely average , The Studio nevermind version being far superior . It did manage to get the most amazing song in the box `` Do Re Mi '' which is the one thing these people did right . It is a creepy acoustic song played shortly before Cobain 's suicide , the verse slowly changes from `` Do re mi '' to `` Do n't Rape Me . '' similiar to You Know your right -LRB- changes into `` You Know your rights . '' -RRB- . It is THE finest example of Cobains ablility as a songwriter.To own these songs without being able to watch the incredible DVD which comes with the box is like having a shower without hot water .
 right who else is a rock widow like courtney love who 's milking there husband 's legacy you 've guessed it yoko ono she 's released another anthology like we need another best OF and for this . . it should n't of been printed yeah i must say the boxset was interesting yeah the heat sensitive box was great the box was historical but my god the 3 three discs of over bloated twoodle was too much for me to handle i have n't listen too it all the way and never willi listen to the few great leadbelly covers and sappybut i would not sit down and listen to all three and waste my lifenow it 's the middle of november the next year after the `` with the lights out '' has been released and what do i see is gon na be released a `` best of the box '' called `` sliver '' why call it `` sliver `` why did n't courtney call it `` milk it for every penny '' that would of been a much better title so we get two more different versions of two early stages of nirvana songs whoppee excuse by ethusiam `` sighs '' there will be loads of teen year old teeny boppers who go around with nirvana hoddies and chains in there trousers . . putting this on the top of there christmas list because they think it 's what kurt cobain would of wanted ... to be milked from the gravelet the nirvana legacy rest . . like yoko ono should do with john lennon never of them have any unrealeased gems that need to be heard and if there is any more nirvana songs in the vaults leave them there . . because they belong there for a reason ... PEACE OUTRICH
 The disc is intact but the case is in terrible ocndition . It is broken in half and chipped off of the top portion of the case .
 It is more of the same , it is more of the one of the worst band that existed . Nirvana was never good , it was music for depressive people . Skip on this one that it is being release to fill the pockets of her stupid daughter and his stupid ex wife . Nirvana and Kurt Cobain were the most worst band of all times .
 I 'll tell you what 's REALLY in the spirit of the band
 Complete garbage , the sound quality is horrible , if your going to release a best of cd , record it with something other than a preschool microphone covered with a wet rag .
 Although it does not mention it that the songs on the CD are demos in track listing , almost single song on this CD is cheap home made demos with terrible sound quality , with the exception of a few acoustic and live performances . If you want to buy Nirvana 's greatest hits and enjoy the studio quality sounds and recordings of the ones of the best bands in alt rock history , this is not your album and do not be tricked like I was .
 Wish I had read the reviews first . I had no idea how bad the sound quality was before I bought this .
 I still do n't know why Geffen bothered to release this best of the box compilation , oh yeah , I forgot , more flow of bucks from the already cash stripped Nirvana fans . I 'll try to keep it simple , if you are a true Nirvana fan , you 'll probably save up to buy the real stuff , the Box , which really has a lot of rarities that are not available elsewhere , like Verse Chorus Verse or Old Age from the Nevermind recordings , or the Rio de Janeiro Sessions , and many other songs that are known to the bootleg community -LRB- like Endless Nameless and Dumb from the Peel sessions , Sappy from the In Utero recordings -RRB- , but in this case the sound quality is much better.This , apart from the already known songs from the box , has three new additions , Spank Thru from the Legendary 1985 Fecal Matter Demo , which is OK , and the Nirvana community is surely pleased about this . On the other side , Sappy is just ... gross , I have heard over 10 different renditions of Sappy , both live and studio , and I have to say , this is the worst one , sounds very sloppy , just plain hideous . Better stick with the Sappy from the Smart sessions , or the Sappy from the No Alternative Compilation.Regarding Come As You Are , apart from being an historic piece -LRB- since this song comes from the legendary 1991 rehearsals done for the upcoming album , Nevermind -RRB- there is nothing else to say , the quality of the song is not for putting in a product like this.Overall , if you are a casual Nirvana fan , do n't buy this , do n't even buy the boxset , stick with Nevermind , In Utero , Bleach , and of course MTV Unplugged . For the rest of us , the hardcore Nirvana fans , I think Geffen is underestimating the fact that we could pay a lot for some stuff that is really wanted from long time , like the 1993 Sao Paulo concert , the Terminal 1 Munich show , and other nice live concerts , but they do n't seem to realise that . Please stick with the bootlegs and the Net whenever you can .
 Four stars for the music , minus 2 stars for the concept . The review title represents exactly how I feel about this disc . One ca n't pretend that this disc is anything but a quest for more money , and some will agree with me that this does n't even represent the box very well at all . This is one of those discs that , if you are a die-hard collector , you would buy , but most collectors already have the box anyway , so that makes you less likely to buy this one . Also , if you were n't a big fan and you bought the disc actually thinking it was the `` best '' , it would n't give an accurate overview of the box and you 'd probably become uninterested . So basically , if you must have the few extras , find it cheap or used , and if you 're a first timer , let this be the last thing you add to your collection . It 's been said a few times already , but just get the box and make your own comp . Why buy the milk when you can get the whole cow for ... a little more ?
 I bought this about a week after it came out . I could n't stand knowing there was an official Nirvana release that features three `` new '' songs that I do n't have in my collection . Congratulations , Courtney . Your lets-suck-money-from-the-completists strategy worked.Hook , line and sinker.I 'm not entirely disappointed in this . I knew what it was and I got it for pretty cheap . That said , they 're really scraping the bottom of the barrel in regards to the rarities here . If the record company really wants to make some money , give the Nirvana fans what they 've been clamouring for ! The elusive Fecal Matter demo and some frickin ' live shows -LRB- Reading 92 ' , Live & Loud , the Seattle Halloween show , etc. -RRB- . And how about some DVD 's while you 're at it ? `` Unplugged '' ? `` Live ! Tonight ! Sold Out !! '' ? Courtney would do well to release a DVD set in the vein of Led Zep 's self-titled video compilation . It gets old watching fifth-generation bootlegs a million times after a while , ya know.Just a few suggestions for the record company and Kurt 's widow .
 I would have given it zero stars if possible . This is the worst cd I have ever listened to . The quality of the recordings are so bad that it hurts your ears to listen to it . This has the sound of the worst bootleg recordings I have ever heard . What a waste of money . This is the only cd that I have bought that I was actually unable to listen to . Talk about a sham by some corporate execs trying to make some money off of a dead guy .
 I do n't quite understand why Courtney is allowed to put these things out , and even more surprised that the other members agreed to it -LRB- since they have to -RRB- . Everyone who already put out the 50 bucks for the box gets a whole three song bonus , songs which do n't even sound like anything special . Nirvana was an awesome band who made some of the greatest music of all time , and this CD does reflect that . It 's a good CD , but it 's useless . It 's nothing we do n't already have . If they 're going to put more Nirvana stuff out , it should at least be stuff we have n't heard . Just buy the three songs off of iTunes or something and save yourself the money from buying this CD .
 Even though the song list looks impressive , do n't waste your money on this one . This is the poorest quality sound I 've ever heard on a CD.Being a Nirvana Fan , I have other albums that sound great , but I ca n't recommend this one.Again do n't waste your money .
 What is happening here . First , a sub-par greatest hits album and then this sad best of the box . I love Nirvana but Courtney Love is really tampering with Kurt Cobains catalogue . The greatest hits should of had breed , polly , and verse chorus verse . Back to the box set now.This best of the box is n't even the best of !
 I was expecting a lot more when I bought this CD . I was expecting studio quality demos similar to Metallica 's Garage Days . This CD is litterally a compilation of poorly mixed cassette tape recordings . Quality is very bad .
 F *** You , Geffen , F *** You Courtney Love !!!! Dave Grohl why did n't you STOP THEM , YOU WERE MY HERO ... WHAT HAPPENED DAVE ????? My God , it has come to this ...
 I downloaded it for free courtny , then i kept the new songs then deleted the rest . . thank for this waster of plastic tho . .
 Releasing a Box set , then a year later releasing a CD containing mostly Box Set songs and then three new ones , hoping the hardcore fans will buy both to get the full list of songs . It 's a shame.She said she is bringing Francis Bean into the `` family business '' - the family business of milking all the money you can of your husband 's music ? That 's low Courtney , even for you .
 Milk It would 've been a better title .
 If I could give this half of a star I would . I am a big fan of Nirvana , but this was a total disappointment to me . The tracks sounded awful . I felt like I was ripped off in every sense of the way . I took it to a buy-trade-sell place and not even they would offer me anything for it , which shows you the poor quality of this album . A word of advice ; DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!
 Okay , I made a HUGE mistake . I was at Best Buy -LRB- no on-line reviews ... -RRB- and bought this CD based on the song list . Listen to the samples before you buy , you 'll be convinced that YOU TOO , can be a ROCK STAR . I would n't buy an album that had me singing on it , but Kurt sounds weirdly like my own crooning in the first track . OOO , OWWW , MAKE HIM STOP ...
 Recently , Nirvana released the amazing `` With The Lights Out '' box set . Truly , a definitive Nirvana collection.Now they have released this compilation , Silver
 Nirvana should be ashamed of having this released . If it 's the best of the box then the rest of the box must be overdriven drunken slobbering screams accompanied by smashing guitars and kicking drums . If you like unprofessional recordings you will love these . My guess is these were recovered from the trash somewhere to make a quick buck . Although if they are demos it 's a wonder Nirvana got anywhere .
 I own the boxset of Nirvana and its good . It took awhile to come out , but it was worth it . Now this ? A cd that takes the best moments from the box and adds three new tracks ? How much more will fans have to suffer ? Whats next for fans ? Kurt 's legacy is like 2Pac and being crapped on but his greedy friends and family . I cant wait for Scott Stapp to produce the next Nirvana `` lost cd '' !
 ok -- first of all , saying that this CD is the `` best '' of anything is completely wrong , and do n't give me that Bullsh * t about `` you try to write something '' thats not the issue . the issue is the fact that this CD contains Horrible quality tracks that someone who put 200 $ into some mics could top . Nirana rocks , but this cd blows.Thx courtney , now go do some blow .
 The songs on Sliver are easily some of the best of the box but the completely ignored some of the best , also . Its said for me to watch the `` Nirvana Corp. '' aka Courtney Love to do something like this . Ultimately , if you do n't realize that this is a shtik for $ then you must be confused . Nirvana released a best of cd and then a best of the box ? Im just guessing but i think this is what the record company was saying : `` We 'll throw a couple new songs on it and we 'll get some true fans to buy it just to have it . `` It 's been released for the cash . And this is something I know Kurt wouldnt have approved of . Hopefully someone takes this into consideration before buying it . yea , its good for the collection but its sad to see this is happening . I bought it for the cover art and stuff just to have for the collection nothing more . If your looking for some music get the actual box set .
 This is the worst recording of Nirvana I have ever heard ! The entire thing sounds horrible . DON ` BUY IT !!
 I do n't own the box set but , if this is the best of the box then I 'm not missing much . I really like Nirvana but there really just are n't many winners here especially since this is suppose to be the pick of the litter from `` With the lights out '' . There are a few solid tracks here but I just expected more ...
 Wow , what a suprise ! Almost all the worst songs from the box are right here on one CD ! In addition to all the smash hits on the CD are three previously unreleased tunes soon to shoot up six notches to number one on Kasey 's Top Forty this Sunday . A comparative failure to the upcoming Ozzfest 10-Year anniversary DVD . One star for Blandest .
 wow this is the first time im ever writing a review for a cd i never got to listen to -LRB- thanks to the poor slow sevice from amazon -RRB- . Ordered this item april 15 2011 . First i was supposed to get it by april 29th then they pushed it to may 27th poor timing for amazon because they screwed up a previous order . I cancelled this order it was supposed to be an anniversary gift for my husband . I suggest people be careful when ordering this product because it will take its sweet time getting there if it does at all or maybe you will get it by next year.I was being very generous rating 1 star not for the music but for the poor service i will not be re ordering
 I should have read what the cd was about . I thought it was just music by Chopin but it was really a lot of soprano singing .
 This is the 2nd CD that I 've purchased of rerecorded versions of Monty 's 60s songs . This record label is crooked for putting a 60s photo of Monty on a CD that was clearly recorded in the 80s or 90s . Abysmal . Shameful . Vile . Criminal . An Abomination .
 I did n't like this version of the song , `` when you believe , '' even though it was the original . I favored the orchestral rendition of this song which was beautifully arranged by Hans Zimmer .
 Here are two songbirds who are trying to be the best singers of all time . I hate this diva routine ! I admit they do have maybe one catchy tune.But , this song is so irritating.Two divas trying to hit the highest notes in one song!I give Whitney one star for her almost Josephine Baker look at the Oscars , you looked fine ! And her Children song from the 80 's . And Mariah for her badly premeditated sexy image and her undying effort to be the best , major ego ! Two divas who should SHUT UP !
 The movie version of this song is much better . The Mariah/Whitney version is simply just a screaming contest to see who can sing better . I admit the song is beautiful and touching , but it would have been better if one of them sung it instead of it being a competition . Buy the soundtrack and listen to the movie version . It showcases the song in a much better light .
 The song is sung beautifully , but is it promoting New Age ? Should we believe in ourselves or in God ? I think the focus should be more on believing in God and not just in ourselves .
 hell
 There is only 2-3 great trackes on this . Such a shame that most of these compilations only ever have a few great inspiring tracks while the rest are just pure background stuff .
 Takako Minekawa sounds like a talented musician with an ear for pulling offbeat samples into an already strange mix of styles . `` Plash '' , `` Spin Spider Spin '' , and `` Fancy Work Funk '' are terrific tracks . If the majority of the rest of this CD were n't such obvious filler , she 'd really have a great disc.The CD 's length of 39 minutes does n't justify a full length price tag . Even worse , five of the twelve tracks are throwaways - short fragments that sound neat but hardly qualify as tracks -LRB- one is 16 seconds long -RRB- . Plus , the last track -LRB- a `` bonus track for the USA '' -RRB- is just a replay of `` Spin Spider Spin '' . I could detect little difference between the two . So you 've really only got seven songs here , and a couple of those are clearly half-hearted attempts without much effort put into them -LRB- `` Flow in a Tide '' and `` Soft Graffiti '' -RRB- . She 's got talent and can obviously create great stuff when she tries , but I 'd never buy another CD by her without hearing it front to back first . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I liked the first single `` How Did You Know '' , so I decided to check it out.The songs and productions sound flat and unimaginative , nothing too new or exciting here.I cant remember even one of the songs . Sounds like they needed to throw this one together fast ... and the rap made me chuckle .
 I ordered this expecting it to be a true arpeggione performance . Years ago I had such a recording on LP , but almost impossible to find on CD . Somehow I missed what Amazon 's reviewers seem to have known about the instrument used , but from what source of information ? `` Trout '' quintet is too rushed for my taste ; Arpeggione sonata sounds amateur and lacks any soul , especially compared with the Lynn Harrell/James Levine cello recording I 've loved for years ; `` notturno '' is far better done elsewhere.My major complaint is the rotten , sloppy , lazy , truly stupid packaging which gives almost no information , not even listing who plays what instrument , and certainly not revealing anything about the violoncello piccolo , if in fact that 's what it is , instead of a cello or arpeggione . To add insult , the track listings use each work 's title as a numbered track , so that it lists 11 tracks when there are only 9 !!! Thus , per those listings , the first work starts out on track 2 . Whether that 's EMI 's fault or Amazon 's , I do n't know . While I 've ordered from Amazon for years , this is the first CD issue that I 've noticed the `` on demand '' production from Amazon . I sure hope this is n't going to be typical of what they are issuing.Normally I do n't pay this much for CDs any more , just hunt for bargains , of which there are plenty . As cheaply and stupidly as this has been RE-issued here , it 's a crime to charge so much . Regrettable waste of money for me .
 While a big Hendrix fan , as well as a fan of bluegrass - I was NOT impressed with this album . While the `` bluegrass '' was acceptable , it was a big stretch to extract the `` hendrix '' from what I was hearing . If you want a good Hendrix tribute album , try `` Stone Free
 I have been very impressed by other `` pickin on '' music
 Fait sur commande et ennuyant a mourir , cette album est tout a fait parfait pour s ` endormir ... nul !
 Music from the 30 's and very nostalgic . My father played with this band when he was still in college in 1934 .
 I ca n't understand how Manhattan Transfer gets all those studio musicians to play on their albums . I mean , it just makes their singing sound worse against the best drumming -LRB- Steve Gadd -RRB- , bass playing and sax playing in the world . The two stars are for Kafka and the studio musicians only .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a totally enjoyable listen , but is it just me or is every single song on the disc the same . Hell , they 're even the same as on Cold & Bouncy , Hawaii and Gideon Gaye . The one thing that makes this album different is John McEntire 's wonderful production and the ` Lab girls . If you dont own any High Llamas disc , start here ... but if you already do , dont expect anything new .
 Nero from NYC - you 're absolutely right
 The music on this album could be incredible.However , there is low-level line noise on every track , the audible range of the tracks seems like it 's been `` chopped '' , making all the tracks sound `` muddled . '' One track should flow seamlessly to the next , but the mastering between tracks results in extreme volume level changes.I am by no means an audiophile , but the MP3 quality for this album is just terrible . -LRB- I do n't know if the same mastering issues exist for the cd version of this album -RRB- .
 I enjoyed the film and purchased the cd in search of the Zydeco song `` Your going to Hell '' but alas although it was the most pumping song in the whole film they left it off the sound track ! Does anyone know the name of the song that I 'm talking about and where can I find it ?
 Is this an exercise video ? It moves too slowly with too many breaks to give a decent workout to the intermediate bellydancer.Is this a dance instruction video ? It assumes you already know a good bit about bellydance , and leaves the beginner to improvise too much.The only part I found helpful , as the previous regular user of several other bellydance videos , was the veil and finger cymbal portion . I 'm thinking of buying some finger cymbals now !
 I am a first-timer and it can be rather intimidating to admit for an older woman in her mid-forties ! I wanted a video that was decent , and this one surely is . Atea 's moves were clear and it helped me to get a good start , but I quickly became bored with it because it lacked FLOW , and I was disappointed that the moves that she so clearly shows do not connect together to form a dance routine . This is what I am looking for . For a beginner to be expected to make a dance out of a bunch of new moves is unrealistic , and I will continue to look for a video that will offer this . If I am to dance like this in front of my husband , -LRB- which is mainly why I am learning -RRB- I would not be able to show him a routine by learning this video because I am a beginner and do n't know how to put the moves together yet . The whole idea is BellyDANCE , and not just Belly EXERCISE , and with the CONFIDENCE I need to dance this way !
 I was very dissapointed with the quality of this video . During the entire video , you could see the woman reading the cards behind the camera . The ladies did not teach any moves that you could not just make up on your own .
 I take group bellydance classes and have been to seminars and workshops . This is bellydance but only the very simplest form . Atea is ok and this is a good tape to start with if you are not sure how serious you are about learning . It introduces you to things like veil and zills but it does not instruct you on them . If you are sure you want to dance you should shop around spend just a little more money getting a tape from someone/troup that dances a style you are interested in and has a well known face and name . For example Fat Chance Bellydance for American Tribal style or Aisha Ali for African dance or someone well known for Egyptian or Turkish Caberet . If this is a serious investment for you-get a good tape , beginner or otherwise if you search around you will find several .
 I really wanted to like this video . I TRIED to like this video , tried to keep in mind that it was filmed in the mid-80 's , but I just ca n't help feeling disappointed . What I spent on this tape could have paid for 2 weeks of classes , which would have done me more good . Specifically
 This video is fairly scary , especially if it is your introduction to bellydance . I went on a shopping binge and bought 6 bellydance videos and this was the most dissapointing . The ad boast all the costume changes , but since this was filmed in the ' 80 's , we are talking Jane Fonda meets Pat Benetar with Green eyeshadow . The video covers alot of ground , but the flow is all wrong if you want to learn to bellydance . The warm-up is 3 bellydancers stretching freestyle , with no instruction whatsoever , with a voice over stating that you should warm-up . The different instructions -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- are followed by a performance -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- that breaks the flow of a workout , or simply trying to learn something . The performances are not a guided routine or combining the moves you just learned , but a performance . In the veil section , she does n't even break down the moves , but has different dancers doing demonstrations . I would have given it only one star , but the opening is a history of bellydance that is quite interesting . The video comes off as an overview of bellydance more than an instructional video . My favorites of the videos I bought were The Sensual Workout and The Goddess Workout .
 If you 're looking for a video to workout along with , this is probably not going to be what you 're looking for . If you 're looking to learn a few moves , you might pick up a few . Atea is extremely stiff through the entire video , and sometimes looks unbalanced . You ca n't see hers or the dancers ' legs much of the time sometimes due to camera angles , mostly due to costuming , so you 're not always sure you 're executing the move correctly if you do n't already know what you 're doing . At the end of every section Atea and the other 2 dancers behind her simply `` improv '' a little dance using the moves taught . You ca n't see what everyone is doing through the `` improv '' sections so it 's not like you could pick one dancer and imitate her , so you will have to do your own thing , fast forward through it , or improv yourself . I do n't think most beginners want to make things up as they go along after only 5 minutes of being shown 3 moves . The section on veil work does n't tell you much of anything at all , it just shows you different women dancing and spinning . For a beginner who does n't know how to execute a turn without making herself dizzy , following what the dancers do could wind up with a really nice concussion , but not much learning.Out of 10 videos in my bellydance library , this one is the absolute worst . I recommend anyone else 's over this .
 Beginners who would like a quick view into some dance might take advantage of this video . There is an attempt to cover a lot of ground , but none of it is done well . Altea is too angular , stilted and her dancing is not that interesting . I would strongly recommend looking elsewhere for quality dance instruction videos . I will say that this is the first video that I 've seen that touches on rhythm and zill work . The variety in costume is interesting , but is not worth the price . I recently acquired several of the Neena and Veena series of dance tapes . These are excellent beginner tapes , they are fun and interesting and they show a great little dance at the end as a reward for your work-out . This series would be a better choice for beginners .
 I 'm sorry , but these are horrible for teaching belly dance . Atea is very stiff & stilted & her chorus dancers CAN NOT dance ! It is absolutely Scary!I have never seen anyone -LRB- in person or in a video -RRB- dance the way that they do in this video . If you are interested in learning to dance , please , choose another instructor !
 Reasons not to buy this video :1 . She reads from cue cards the entire time .2 . She 's extremely stiff and boring.I have only watched this video once in the two years that I have owned it .
 I have always wanted to bellydance and got this as my first video . It was not at all what I had imagined and quite frankly scared me . Bellydancers were always something mysterious and beautiful and graceful . Atea is awkward to watch and comes off quite bizarre . Not anything to want to imitate and strive to be like .
 If you are looking for a tape to dance `` with '' , this is n't it.It 's more like a documentary on dance .
 While the basic instruction is passable , the technique of most of the dancers , including the instructor , is mediocre to poor . What 's truly terrifying is how frail and anorexic most of these women look . There 's an unfortunate sort of L.A. starved-skinny bleached-blonde airheadedness to this production . Belly dance can be a powerful , grounded and grounding ethnic dance form ; however this tape presents more of a `` wrap yourself in sequins and wriggle for your husband '' sort of vibe . Culturally divorced and ugly-American scary . Made me want to shave my head and get tattoos .
 For basic instruction this tape is OK . Her oral description of the techniques is clear . Atea is not relaxed at all in her instructions or moves . In the instruction part of the video she seems like a puppet controlled by strings . She is too skinny , unattractive and does n't even have an attractive navel . She fails to hold your attention . Her other dancers are a bit better , but the whole tape seems so contrived and does not move with a natural flair . For verbal instruction , OK , for visual efects you can get much better . And the dance at the end is a real joke . Your money is better spent on Suhaila !
 I DID ' T LIKE THIS VIDEO.IT BORED ME HALF TO DEATH .
 This video was let down . The historical blurb at the beginning is a time waster , and a pain to fast forward thru every time I want to practice dancing . I agree with other reviewers regarding the time devoted to `` freestyle '' and `` improvisation '' . I am too new at this to recognize the moves when they are put together so quickly - and without any commentary . I find myself struggling during this part , or worse - just standing there feeling frustrated and foolish . Some instruction regarding transitions from one move to another would have been appreciated . On the positive side , the actual breakdown of moves was very helpful , especially the belly roll and undulations . I was really struggling with those , and I 'm now confidently on my way . I wish they had covered more moves in that manner . Bottom line - it 's been a week , and I 'm already seeking out another video to buy .
 I found this tape very disappointing , it was fun to watch once , but the amount of information provided was very small and too choppy . There are many belly dance instructional videos available which are more interesting , better taught and more informative about how to dance and which provide you with a workout as well . My recommendation is to keep looking .
 Whoever mastered this CD had no idea what they were doing -LRB- this makes me wonder what other CDs on this label are like -RRB- . They use about one-quarter of the dynamic range available with 16-bit audio . Five bucks is pretty cheap for the disc , but you get what you pay for in this case . I 'd probably opt for the other Eddie Fisher CD that has multiple albums -LRB- one of them being a Christmas CD -RRB- on it .
 Unfortunately , there is a major problem with the sound on this album and it 's so bad that it makes this album unacceptable and a waste of your money . What a shame ! Although I can clearly tell there was nothing wrong with Eddie Fisher 's performance of this set of songs ; the sound quality -LRB- and probably the mastering -RRB- of these tracks is every bit as poor as the other reviewer states that it is.Therefore , I would recommend one of two alternatives . Diehard Eddie Fisher fans will probably want both ! First , there is the very good -LRB- even though it 's currently out of print -RRB- CD entitled `` Songs for Christmas '' by Eddie Fisher which has two bonus tracks by Frankie Laine . Second , there is the CD that contains the music from three of Eddie 's record albums entitled `` Eddie Fisher Sings ; '' `` I 'm in the Mood for Love '' and `` Christmas with Eddie Fisher . '' In short , you 'll be much better off with one or even both of these two other albums .
 It would be helpful if you could put what songs are on this cd as I have a few and would n't like to duplicate them .
 i did n't care for this cd . it is a Christian goth group that has disappeared and I can see why . not anything special . if you are a collector of christian goth , a friend of the bands , or a fan then get it otherwise do n't waste your time .
 I am a big fan of Kate Bush . I have collected all of her music , including her cameo appearances on other groups ; yet I can not agree with the other reviewers regarding this CD.The only good thing about this album is that most of the artists did indeed attempt to render original , different versions of Kate Bush 's wonderful songs . However , I find their talent a little limited.Listening to this album made me a little sad , as it made me wish that a real tribute album to Kate Bush were released , with versions by artists such as Peter Gabriel , The Cure , Depeche Mode , Morrissey , Annie Lennox , Phil Collins , Tori Amos , etc. . . The fact that this album was highly rated by other reviewers shows how desperate fans are for more recognition of the talent , uniqueness , and influential nature of Kate Bush 's music -LRB- especially on some rather popular female artists that followed her -RRB- .
 There are some singwriters whose songs just ca n't be covered ; the original performance is so much a part of the song that it ca n't be seperated . Consider the first Hendrix cover album , or the various attempts over the years to cover Beatles songs . Only a few have been done well.Kate Bush 's songs are n't pop songs in the usual mold ; they 're little theater pieces , intimately connected to her performance of them . It 's hard to imagine anyone covering one with any conviction , although it would be interesting to hear some well-known singers attempt that . Some cover albums have been moderately successful , but it 's worth noting that only one cut from such an album ever received more than token air play - Sara McLachalan 's cover of XTC 's `` Dear God '' . And that was an album with a half-dozen better than average covers.Nothing like that can be found here . In this poorly conceived album , a number of relative unknowns attempt to bring their style to Bush 's songs , and the end result is just not worth listening to .
 Well at first when I purchased this album I was so full of hope , curiosity and impatience , because I admit I am starving for some new work of Kate Bush -- hint , hint -RRB- and I know I am not alone on this one . Anyhow , I listened to it again , and again , and I realized that this is unfortunately not it . I really liked the remake of `` Suspended in Gaffa '' that was my favorite , very original -LRB- that 's why the record is not 1 star -RRB- , but then I quickly skipped to listen to the classic `` Running up that hill '' and ... I cried , I am sorry but the remake was well below average . I agree with another reviewer who expressed the wish of having high profile artists performing Kate 's awesome art , I am surprised why they have n't done it so far ... However no offense to the artists who did take up on the challenge of performing Kate 's songs , more power to them , however I wish they came up with something better .
 I really like songs for a new world and the last 5 years . was excited to purchase this disc but was kinda disappointed . lacks the edgy variation and creativity of the others . not bad and the cover track is fun -- just not up to the success of the other jason robert brown work .
 Gorecki , as usual , is striving for profound angst , but for the most part this Quartet just comes across as boring . The second and fifth movements are terrible . The first movement develops some tense themes that Gorecki could have explored further , but he drops them midway to revert back to his usual droning . The third and fourth movements are the only ones with character , with the latter developing a decent amount of bittersweet sadness .
 Before I attended a performance of Gorecki 's third quartet by Kronos , which should have provided a more acute appraisal of the work , I read a review of this CD by Joshua Kosman , the classical music critic of the SF Chronicle , who said
 Gorecki 's Quartet No. 3 performed by Kronos is not to everyone 's taste even if they love classical music . It has a very special atmosphere -- slow paced and repetitive , minimalist -- only broken by the third movement
 I did n`t like it and returned it for a refund
 The samples sounded interesting , but a few spins revealed that there 's really nothing of substance here . While I 'll concede Connors sounds like a proficient guitarist , he 's just not really playing anything here . The Airs pass by like a breeze , leaving nothing memorable behind . It is not substantial enough to be either good or bad .
 This c.d. is definitly not what you are expecting . Some of the songs have like 3 different words fpr like five minutes . I definitly do n't recomend it .
 This CD sends the wrong message -LRB- anarchy -RRB- , and some of it is just plain bizarre . Trust me , you 'll tire of it . Save your money and go buy Barenaked Ladies .
 The only good song is the first track . Unless you can find a single of the first track , save your money . The rest of the CD is trash .
 Chumbawumba are the lamest band I 've ever heard . The song `` Tubthumping is also so annoying . I heard the whole cd from a friend and he and I both think it sucks . I think these guys are just a bunch of `` one-hit-wonders '' . Please save your money and buy something else .
 The one star is for the only ONE good song on this cd . Tubthumping ... Actually , this song blows after you hear it more than 5 times . This cd has only been in my cd player once ... That is the day i bought it . If you like wasting money , buy this cd .
 Worst band ever , period . The final sign that the music industry cares not for talent . Basically like the fabricated Spice Girls only they could at least carry a tune . These guys ca n't even play a radio , just horrible . One catchy song that was ridiculous in the first place and even at that there was proof because it was only in regular radio play for about 5 weeks . Loserville has a soundtrack and it is sang by chump a whumpa !!
 yet even some of you who agree that the album bites still say that `` tub thumping '' is okay , even if it `` gets old after awhile '' . that song is CRAP !!! has to be one of the worst songs ever to get play . EVER ! sounds like a bad radio commercial for some english beer they 're trying to market in the states.that song -LRB- if you can call a random string of cheesy choruses a song -RRB- makes the strongest argument AGAINST ANARCHY that i 've ever heard . proves that people who ca n't agree on anything ca n't make a song that makes any sense or follows any consistent theme.gotta go - just threw up in my mouth from the bilious memory of this worthless pop drivel .
 this CD blows . tubthumbing was cool at first and then it got old real fast . the rest of the songs blow . I am so sick of this CD if anyone wants to buy it from me ... wait I 'll pay you to take it . I think they need to have a 0 rating instead of 1 . do n't buy this CD
 this CD blows . tubthumbing was cool at first and then it got old real fast . the rest of the songs blow . I am so sick of this CD if anyone wants to buy it from me ... wait I 'll pay you to take it . I think they need to have a 0 rating instead of 1 . do n't buy this CD
 I thought the Cd would be good after hearing Tubthumping and Amnesia but I was wrong . . I feel that other than Tubthumping and Amnesia , there is n't anything about this Cd to boast about ...
 This cd is the worst cd I 've ever purchased ... wait ... I did n't even buy it ... somebody lent it to me and they did n't want it back ... I would NOT reccomend buying this cd to ANYONE ... but if you have some money you wan na get rid of , you can buy mine ...
 It may have some , but not much . Tubthumping gets boring after listening to it about 5 times . Amnesia is the best , but that song is OK .
 I thought `` Tubthumping '' was pretty good , no , really cool , but the rest ! UGH ! Those songs were a complete BORE . If you are planning on buying this CD , I strongly advise you not to . Buy a single of `` Tubthumping '' instead , or borrow it from a friend , if you do n't have any friends , from a CD rental store.My apologies to the people who enjoyed this CD .
 With no harmful intentions toward the movie brassed off . -LRB- thats where the talk at the begining of the song tubthumpin came from -RRB- Thank God I do n't have any guns . Otherwise I would n't be here to write this review . What is this bait and switch . I first heard tubthumping on the radio very most excellent . Or so I thought . I bought the CD hoping for some good British tunes and what did i get . Stuff the baby on the cover could have written better . Please save shelve space never make another CD in this genre .
 I have heard many CD 's in my day , and none have irritated me as much as this CD . They spout of phrases of anarchy and rebellion while doing the talk show circuit promoting this piece of crap . They seem to be the worst kind of hypocrites , ones with a bad sense of humor . Tumpthumping looses it appeal the second your hangover sets in and manages to sit in your head for the rest of the day . It seems destined to become a staple in the yuppie dance floors of the future . After sitting through the full 45 minutes or so of the Chumbawumba exprience , I reversed my stance on euthenasia . Stay away , fa r away . Unless you are completely lacking in taste , then you have my blessing .
 i thankfully got this cd for christmas , so i did not have to waste my money on it , i liked `` tubthumping '' at the time . i had no idea about what a dissapiontment it would be . it 's sounds too kinda `` un-musical '' i have no idea where they got some of those sounds from , but it 's nothing that should be used it hte future . i have had this album for a whole year and still hav n't listned to the whole thing.so , sample the rest of the somgs on a cd before you put it on your christmas wish-list !!!
 I 'll be the first one to sadly admit , I bought this album only having heard `` Tubthumping '' . That was a huge mistake . If you 're considering buying this album only because of that , please DO N'T ! `` Tubthumping '' gets old after a while anyways . The rest of this CD is hardly worth listening to . There are some mediocre songs here and there , but trust me , this is not worth your -LSB- money -RSB- .
 Much Like Most Bands Out Today Chumbawamba pretty Much Sounds Like every group out now.The Lead Off Song Got The Ball Rolling but the Album Sounds Like a Decade Late take on Jesus Jones.Nothing worth Seeking out here .
 Tubthumber was the reason I wanted this cd and I got it . About 1,000,000 times on the radio plus 100 on the cd . Now I ca n't stand Tubthumper.The lyrics and music keep repeating themselves . All the other songs have bad lyrics that are negative too ! This was not the best choice for me .
 This CD is pure crap . The songs are pitiful and shaky . Your money would be better spent on ANYTHING else besides this cd .
 Minus `` Tubthumping '' , listening to this album is equal to putting your head in the frig . and slamming the door ! Avoid the hype . Not even good dance music .
 I used to not be a fan of modern music - this Cd almost turned me off modern music completely -LRB- it was a gift from a friend . -RRB- There is one good song on it
 Is there anything less than one star ? This might be the worst CD I have ever listened to . One of my friends bought it used , shortly after it came out . Note that fact for future reference
 Tubthumping was Rad ! But the rest of the cd doesnt stand a chance of being a hit , the rest is just terrible . I didnt expect any of the other tracks to be singles , and they havent , though they do have a sophmore album .
 As a musician and musicology student , I am very familar with both the `` classical '' world of music , and the popular world of music , and I have to say that perhaps string quartet versions of R.E.M. might be interesting , but you need a creative and enterprising quartet -LRB- such as Kronos Quartet , etc. -RRB- to do this . This CD is greatly disappointing because the transcriptions are simplistic and lacking imagination . String quartet recordings can be very exciting , but not here !
 No , I 'm not making this up . Somebody actually produced this recording . Actually , two people produced it . Nearly two string quartets were assembled to play on it . -LRB- I say `` nearly , '' because most of the tracks were played by a trio , who apparently used overdubbing to inflate themselves into a quartet . -RRB- I 'm not sure that any string quartet could have made this music seem appropriate or entertaining
 A disgrace to both REM and the work of good quartets . The idea is enticing , but the quartet 's execution is awful . Truly terrible . Dull . Choppy . Uninteresting . Same . I 'd say boring , but I ca n't stand to listen to it long enough to get bored . It 's so bad I was compelled to log onto this website just to see if I could get my money back . I see the quartet does n't even have a name -- I can understand why . It 's advertised as just `` The String Quartet Tribute to R.E.M. '' and it lists the players . Maybe someone else could do better , but I doubt it , as the arrangements are bad too . Sorry to say it , but this CD is truly awful !
 This is one of those albums I wish I had n't paid for . It 's an interesting curiosity for the REM fan , but I find it nearly un-listenable . The arrangements simply destroy most of the REM sound . My advice
 They 're back , not as Anita & Ray but as Romy and Marion . The song `` Wan na Get Up '' in -LRB- my -RRB- opinion is not as good as other tracks released by the band , since there 's no techno-rapping by Ray , and not as good vocals & lyrics . On previous 2 Unlimited tracks Ray & Anita wrote most lyrics and sung well . On `` Wan na Get Up '' vocals are written by other producers . Struggling to make the song good , on many European charts it never made it into the top five . The single includes three remixes , the `` SASH ! Extended Edit '' is the best remix , and song , which give the single the two of five stars . It is better than the original version . The other two remixes are extrermely poor and do not relate with the type of music 2 Unlimited sings .
 The Ramones meet AC/DC . A live record with the song covered by Pearl Jam . Not a great recording . The songs are good , would rather hear studio versions . If you are looking to buy cause of the Pearl Jam song . . do n't waste your money . Otherwise they are a good band but the production is no good !
 If it is called Hard Wired in Ljubljana , why was it recorded somewhere in the Netherlands ? Ljubljana is in Slovenia -- a country on the other side of Europe ...
 This album received a fair amount of critical acclaim , so I thought I 'd give it a listen . Well so much for critics ! Gainsbourg ca n't sing a lick . She makes people like Britney Spears , Jessical Simpson & Janet Jackson sound like Beverly Sills or Marilyn Horne . The producers must recognize this too , because her voice is mixed very low on most of the tracks . On top of not being able to sing , she does n't compose and does n't play an instrument . So why is there a CD bearing her name ? You got me . Maybe cashing in on daddy 's renown ? The botton line is do n't waste your money . If you want to hear some good French CDs , check out `` Hors de Toute Doute '' or `` Le Silence des Roses '' by France D'Amour -LRB- from Quebec -RRB- .
 I bought this album in the hope of finding some kind of chic , interesting tunes `` a la French '' , to match with her voice that I remembered from the past , but there 's absolutelly nothing interesting inside
 Um , hello ? Has anyone noticed that this woman does n't know how to sing ? Most songs are an over-baked litany of melodramatic metaphors that add up to ... what ? Others appear to be some sort of short story told in the past tense . All are whisper-talked by the artist in her faux Gallic/Brit accent that wears poorly as the CD progresses . The few times when the producers require her to actually hit a note are cringe-inducing . I wanted to like this record and spent $ 15 of hard-earned cash on it . But I guess there 's a good reason why she 's only dragged out of storage every ten years .
 One of the worst compilations ever . Some of the new synth music is cheap & corny . Even the ganymede song is bad on this album . I like my synth music to have some meat to it . All these songs sond like little kids playing new wave for a day . If you want some good new synth new wave music check out de/vision and Iris and mesh .
 I 'm a synthpop fan of sorts so getting this album seemed like it might not be so bad . I had heard a couple of the songs on this album and did n't hate them but hoped the rest were better . In my opinion they were n't . The modern synthpop scene has grown to include much more than the 80s frozen in time . There are bands like The Echoing Green who include guitars and drums from time to time in music that most people ca n't help but get up and dance to . Bands like VNV Nation and Apoptygma Berzerk have driving rhythms and beats that would make anyone want to get up and ride their own Tour de France or compete in an impromptu Triathalon.This album is nothing like those bands . I found most of the music made me feel like today was 1/1/1989 . There was very little bass and the beats and rhythms here were very slight . So much so that the sound was very similar to the 80s sound of pure analog synth keyboards . This is not to say that the cause for this album is not praise worthy and the bands are not quality . Other 9/11 trinute albums represented a broad sampling of music . Being a pure synthpop tribute album I would have expected the same but in terms of synthpop variety ; I found all of these songs o be very similar and not of the style of synthpop I remotely enjoy.I feel safe to say that if you know any of these bands on here your feelings about their song should help you understand how you will probably feel about the rest of the album . If you 're looking for a sure fire CD to get enjoyment out of and you are totally unfamiliar with any of the bands on this CD I recommend taking the risk someplace else .
 This compilation contains some of the best jazz guitar ever in songs like Scotland I , the Jam with Albert and Yin . Unfortunately it also digs up silly tripe like Eyes of Love , Planet End , Adam Smasher and Rene 's Theme . The shorter compilation , the Essential Larry Coryell is less expensive , more consistent and manifestly superior to this double CD .
 I 'm not a huge dance/techno/electronica / call-it-what-you-want fan , but I do dabble . And seeing the addition of vocals , bass and guitars to a dance outfit piqued my interest . Unfortunately , it did n't hold it . Nothing really bad here , it just did n't make much impression . `` Drop the Break '' is OK , and I liked the trance-y feel of `` Yallah Habibe '' . The only other impression I got was the rather silly lyrics on `` Abduction '' . Serviceable for background music , but not really an album I could get into .
 To put it bluntly ... I hate this CD . I thought I would like it because I fell head over heels in love with Cirrus ' Counterfeit CD . I listened to that CD for a week straight I loved it so much ... then I got this CD . It 's like a tribute to bad ... BAD ... 80 's music . Not to bash on the people who actually like this CD but if you listen to Counterfeit first and then go to this one ... you will be very dissapointed . It 's one of the few CDs of mine that I would love to just toss in the trash and I rarely get a CD that I hate . It was worth all of the 69 cents I paid for it on Amazon .
 The only song that 's worth listening to on this album is `` Break in '' and it can be found on Superstar DJ Keoki 's `` Transatlantic move '' . Go for his album instead ...
 This record discusted me , mr Sanders ought to think less about money and care more for the quality of the music ! I mean , this man has played with Coltrane and obviously he did n't get it . Dont buy this cd , its popular music in its worst sense . Instead you should buy a record with John Coltrane . In his latet period he is in to the same themes as Sanders but shows that this doesnt necessarily lead to kitsch .
 I was highly disappointed with this cd . Perhaps I expected more of the Kharma era Sanders or any of his early 70 's releases . Anyhow I 've always experienced Sanders as somewhat of a self indulgent artist even on his best records and in fact some of his best playing really is on other peoples records so in some ways I 'm not all that shocked at the medocrity of this cd . The music is bland , overwrought and trite somewhat similiar to any of the faceless and equally uninspired New Age releases that you might stumble upon . This cd should be avoided and if you want to here some more current Sanders check out Sonny Sharrocks album `` Ask The Ages '' that features Sanders without the pretension and self importance .
 I am going to have to disagree with most of the other reviews posted here . This is not the best that Stereolab has to offer . The first Stereolab records I heard were Dots & Loops and Cobra and Phase ... I was absolutely blown away by those albums . I just could n't get that excited about this one though . The songs are just kind of lifeless ; they have some interested ideas , but never really get anywhere with them . It has the same Stereolab sound without any bounce or interplay between the instruments . I would recommend Dots & Loops over this one 7 days a week and twice on Sunday
 Home for Christmas . Sounds innocent enough . But you would be well advised to stay away from this home . It is a horrible place . You 'll be asking Santa for some ear plugs if you purchase this cd . Alternately , you can buy it for people on your Christmas list that you do n't like or just plain hate . How bad is it ? Some say that the CIA used it to torture hardened terrorist suspects in Guantanamo . It had them babbling like babies in minutes . But if you are a fan of Kenneth Copeland , go ahead and buy it if you must . After all , the man has a private jet and he 's got ta pay for that jet fuel somehow !
 This video shows managers , roadies , and freinds , talking about THE MAN . NO complete songs even in the background -LRB- which is the only place the music is -RRB- . If you want to see Hendrix play , it 's not here .
 Only about 1 hour long , and most of this is talking . Somewhat interesting , but I wanted Dolby Digital Hendrix !
 This is a very dissapointing DVD . If they allowed you to have songs without commentary interruption it might be ok , or if there was any ` previously unreleased ' music on it . Even if they just had the pictures , film and diary entries with the music it would be ok . But there 's no reason to watch this DVD more than once if you have to listen to all the commentary each time . The Band of Gypsy DVD has two options , Concert Footage only and Concert Footage with Commentary . Jimi 's music speaks for itself , and no one can come close to him , so it 's not necessary to hear what people have to say about him . The music and maybe the pictures as background are enough .
 I thought this would have more complete songs -- like U2 's Rattle and Hum or Styx 's Return to Paradise . Instead it is a documentary with short clips of Jimi performing . Disappointing ...
 I was really looking forward to this one . As a fan of the Classic Album Series , I was very disappointed when I watched this one . The volume level is very inconsistent , especially during the sections where people are talking over the music . You have to turn it way up when they 're talking , then be quick with the remote when the music starts or it will blow your speakers ! For die-hard fans only , and keep the volume remote handy . You 'll need it !
 I was really looking forward to this one . As a fan of the Classic Album Series , I was very disappointed when I watched this one . The volume level is very inconsistent , especially during the sections where people are talking over the music . You have to turn it way up when they 're talking , then be quick with the remote when the music starts or it will blow your speakers ! For die-hard fans only , and keep the volume remote handy . You 'll need it !
 The performances seem fine . The recording is a mess . The woodwinds are LOST in the intro to Festive Overture because there is too much reverberation . The mics must have been placed in the back of an empty hall -LRB- more like a cavern -RRB- . This is a real disappointment because the orchestra is outstanding . This is a one listen CD ... then file it away forever .
 The quality of filming is so poor , the beauty of the music and the singer are lost . I saw the `` 30 's version of this as a child , and I wish I could get that ... this was a real disappointment . Munsel sings beautifully , but the film itself is boring , and the quality is poor . Unless you really , really love Munsel and the music , do n't buy this film .
 As an incurable Beatle-maniac , I looked forward to hearing some of the cuts on this cd . BIG disappointment !! All of the songs are remakes of the original versions , and bad ones at that ! None of the original Peter & Gordon or Billy J Kramer versions here . To make matters worse , the remakes are not even faithful to the originals , in some cases not even sticking to the original melody as written , but going off on interpretive `` tangents '' !! Example
 A huge Beatles fan who stumbled across this at the CD gift shop at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . I actually think this is -LRB- was -RRB- a great idea for a CD ... but this particular production is horrible . They should have tried to keep the songs in the contemporary period they were written . Instead , they take songs which were simple tracks written in the earlier years and try to combine elements from Beatles albums spanning their entire career . The result can best be described as an atrocious mix of taking songs that you may have found on `` Please Please Me '' , and remixing them to fit the style of `` Revolver '' or `` Sgt Peppers '' . Oh , and it does n't help that the band they used sucked too . I can think of about a dozen Beatles tribute bands out there that maybe could have done this properly ... these guys are BAD . Do n't waste your money .
 Fazzari massacres these compositions . He ca n't sing . Plain and simple . The band should be ashamed of themselves . Listen to the samples . They 'll make you angry . Total garbage .
 It would have been more honest if these players had just presented this disc as their own interpretations of these fine songs . These songs do NOT sound as though the Beatles were doing them . Any creditable musicians with genuine love for the early Beatles sound and atmosphere could have done a better job recreating these numbers , if that was the desire . For a good comparison , listen to `` That Means A Lot '' done by Billy Sullivan -LRB- not half so well known as Vinny Fazzari -RRB- , on his `` All American Popster '' album -- exquisite !
 Wavery-voiced pop icon Madonna and incomprehensible non-singer Banderas absolutely destroy this wonderful score . The orchestrations are hideous . Pass this one by , and get the Broadway version -LRB- a masterpiece -RRB- with LuPone -LRB- BRILLIANT ! -RRB- and Patinkin .
 They tried . They really did . Madonna put her all into the part of Evita , and Antonio Banderas is almost a real singer -- certainly his voice is good enough to surprise anybody who knew him only from his previous parts . But it just is n't enough.It further hurts this particular recording that many of the best lines were cut because they reflected a very negative attitude toward Eva Peron . True , they would n't have been as good anyway without Mandy Patinkin -LRB- or even Che from another recording -RRB- to sing them , but Banderas doing those lines would have been better than not having them in the soundtrack at all.Madonna had her moments , and so did the other two major singing roles . However , Jonathan Pryce was simply miscast ; his talent was wasted . And Antonio Banderas is just not a singer . He has a decent enough voice for the movie , where his acting contributes to his overall performance , but alone on a recording , he does n't sound right for a part that was meant for , and usually played by , somebody who could * really * sing . As for Madonna -- she may have had moments , but she did n't have enough of them to fill the recording . Not only does she lack the range and strength of a Broadway star such as Patti LuPone , but she is also missing the vehemence and intensity of LuPone 's Eva.On its own , without comparison to the other recordings , the soundtrack of the movie `` Evita '' is a great CD to own -LRB- after all , Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice produced a masterpiece with _ Evita _ in the first place -RRB- . However , it fades immediately when placed against the Broadway recording and has long been relegated to collecting dust on my shelf while my 1979 Broadway soundtrack is played again and again .
 I borrowed a friend 's copy and listened to this version . Madonna has a beautiful voice but it is too light for this role . Antonio Banderas is woefully inadequate in the singing department . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this recording . Buy the original Broadway cast C.D. with Patti LuPone and Mandy Patinkin . It is by far the best version .
 There is no argument that the soundtrack that this album is from is a well crafted and artistic film but unfortunately the songs have been so overproduced since the original 1976 much rawer concept album that it loses much of the `` edge '' and message.I hope it was n't star ego that led to Madonna -LRB- playing Evita -RRB- singing `` Another Suitcase in Another Hall '' . The switch in cast -LRB- it was originally sung by the mistress Evita was throwing out - who disappears from view in this album -RRB- completely loses the pathos and point of the song and does a great dis-service to the whole piece.Buy the 1976 concept album first with Paul Jones -LRB- possibly the most under-rated Peron -RRB- and Julie Covington -LRB- singing a really hard-nosed ladder-climbing Evita -RRB- to hear how this should sound on audio .
 In contrast to the show 's stellar Broadway run , the movie proved relatively disappointing
 Who told Antonio Banderas he could sing ? He ca n't . Madonna can but could only sing this score , one of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's good ones -LRB- and they are becoming rare items -RRB- , if Hollywood had it lowered for her . This does spoil the balance of the musical , but Hollywood does n't care about things like that . They also gave her a song belonging to another character which makes no dramatic sense whatsoever . Hollywood does n't care about things like that , either.There are many recordings of the stage musical available . Buy one of those instead .
 The motion picture soundtrack , yet alone the motion picture of EVITA , is terrible . Hollywood , as usual , took a wondeful piece of work -LRB- the hit musical EVITA -RRB- and butchered it to be their way . Patti LuPone is a far better Eva than Madonna , and at least you can understand Mandy Patinkin , unlike Antonio Banderos . Also , Hollywood turned the orchestrations into modern rock 'n' roll junk , when the 1979 Premiere American Recording is the way EVITA should be . So do n't waste your money on the movie sountrack , and buy the Premiere American Recording instead
 This cd is horrible Madonnas verson of Eva is terrible she should not have been allowed to screw up such wonderful songs as `` Dont Cry '' and other ... i dont suggest this cd to anyone who wants to hear how the songs are suppose to be sung ... if you wan na hear them the right way get Elaine Paige 's version or Patti LuPone ... -LRB- forgive me if i spelled her name wrong -RRB- ...
 First of , this is just my opinion . I am very sad that many people 's first experience with Evita was this unintelligable movie version . Now people are praising Madonna 's soundtrack and berating this one . How sad that is . How can people say such cruel things about Patti LuPone ? It was her greatest and most physically/vocally/emotionally demanding accomplishment , and she overcame those obstacles to much praise by winning a Tony award . Any actress who has performed this role on stage within a 2 hour time limit -LRB- as opposed to stopping and starting as is the case with movies -RRB- will tell you how difficult a role it is . The music is demanding but it pays off . The impressive score has always been negelcted until the movie came out , and all Lloyd Webber did was masacre his own score -LRB- maybe he knew that there were at least 7 other actresses who were more qualified to play the part and he just said f**k it when Madonna came into the picture -RRB- . The original musical won 7 Tony awards , so obviously it could n't be that bad and blasted Patti LuPone off into stardom . Evita is the quintissential powerful female role in the theater , paying mind yet to Gypsy , Hello Dolly et al , and Patti LuPone did alright for herself . The merging of her powerful voice to this driving , pulsating score is Broadway heaven . Then we have the Madonna treatment , which brings to mind when Lucy shat all over the silver screen in the film adaptation of `` Mame '' . As was the case with Lucy , every song is s l o w e d down for Madonna so she can catch her breath , fake some more vibratto and ar-ti-cu-late every single consanant and vowel -LRB- listen to her prounciation of `` Machiavelle me '' and then listen to the way Patti drills her way through Rainbow High -RRB- . Listening to Patti LuPone , Elaine Paige or Julie Covington sing the score of Evita sends chills down my spine whereas listening to Madonna giving her `` best effort '' send chills up my spine , out my mouth and into the commode . Insetad of adding the song `` You Must Love Me '' , the should have added a song for her called `` I 'm Getting My Act Together and Flushing it Down the Toilet '' . Really people , it 's a shame if you think this is a wonderful rendition of the ALW score . I would love to read the 4 page letter that Madonna wrote to Alan Parker about wanting this role . I should write a 40 page letter to Alan Parker full of death threats for making this movie . It does n't even work in a film version . Anyone who has seen the stage production knows how Brechtian the staging is and that it was written exclusively for the stage . It does n't work as a movie version . Especially when you put a washed up falling pop quasi-icon in the title role and then go around campaigning that she oughta win an Oscar . Ha ha . She only won a Golden Globe . There 's a testimant of her acting abilities right there . I encourage everyone to give the REAL Evita a chance and do n't judge it by the basterdized movie version ... if you do prefer the soundtrack vehemently to the OBC , I pity you .
 OK , HERE 'S THE DEAL . THIS CD IS NOT VERY GOOD AT ALL . I LIKED THE ORIGINAL PATTIE LuPONE VERSION MUCH BETTER . SEE , I 'M NOT SAYING MADONNA IS A BAD SINGER , SHE JUST CA N'T SING FOR THE PART OF EVA PERON . AND I DO N'T KNOW WHO PLAYED THE PART FOR CHE , BUT HE DID AWFUL AT IT . HE 'S SUPPOSED TO SOUND LIKE A COOL GUY WHO HAS TO DECIDED A LOT . THIS GUY MADE IT SO YOU CAN HEAR THE LYRICS TOO CLEAR . I MEAN , I KNOW THERE IS NO DIOLOUGE IN EVITA , BUT THERE IS N'T DIOLOUGE IN JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR OR CATS EITHER . HE SOUNDED LIKE HE WAS SOOOOOOO TIRED AND SOOOOOO BORED.OH YEAH , AND THE ACCENTS ARE AWFUL . COME ON ! THIS STORY TAKES PLACE IN SOUTH AMERICA ! NOT NEW YORK OR PENNSILVANA ! ALSO , MADDONA SOUNDED LIKE SHE WAS TALKING WHEN SHE WAS SU PPOSED TO BE SINGING . EXAMPLE , BUNIOUS AIRES IS A WONDERFUL COLORFUL SONG . WHEN PATTIE LuPONE SANG IT , IT SOUNDED LIKE IT WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST SONGS TIME RICE EVER WROTE . THIS VERSION WAS BAD AND SOUNDED LIKE A 9 YEAR OLD WAS SINGING IT A PROM OR FOR MONEY . ANOTHER EXAPLE : A NEW ARGENTINA IS MY FAVORITE SONG IN THE SCORE . THIS VERSION SOUNDED LIKE PEOPLE WERE CRYING AND MOPPING , AND humma ... jummana ... WHEN PATTIE LuPONE SANG IT , IT WAS SOOOOOOO GREAT AND AWSOME , I 'VE BEEN SINGING IT TO MYSELF FOR WEEKS . THIS VERSION SOUNDED LIKE IT WAS FROM BATMAN . IF YOU ARE STILL READING THIS REALLY LONG REVIEW , YOUR PROBOBLY THINKING WHY I GAVE IT A 2 . WELL , I THOUGHT MADDONA DID AN EXELLENT JOB SINGING DO N'T CRY FOR ME ARGENTINA . DO NOT BUY THIS CD IF YOU HAV N'T SEEN PATTIE LuPONE 'S FABULOUSE VERSION . BUY THAT CD FIRST . GOODNIGHT NEW YORK !
 She never had any talent , and she never will , either .
 First of all , let me say that I am a huge Wes fan ! Not only is he one of my favorite guitarists , but one of my favorite composers as well . Everything Wes played was genius , including all the music on this CD . However , this release is not worth buying.This CD follows in the long tradition of Wes bootlegs of the March 27 , 1965 concert in Paris . The songs are mistitled , the sound quality is poor ; the personal are not listed , the date is not listed , the venue is not listed , and the booklet is non-informative . To make matters worse the song order has been rearranged to an awful order!If you are interested in obtaining a good version of this concert buy `` Quintessential Wes '' by Varese Records .
 Add these ingredients : Flashy music , beautiful ladies , sexy dance moves , scanty clothes -LRB- no nudity -RRB- , beautiful landscapes , and even some seaside hobbies ... and what do you get?Wait a minute ... Now add a film editor who thinks his amateurish effects are more important than the above ingredients . All the above scenes of the hobbies , the ladies , the landscapes were all spliced and edited into each other for a `` strobe '' effect of split second images so that you ca n't focus on any of it.Now what do you have?Probably a yard sale item in the 10 for a dollar bin . I may buy some of the earlier volumes to see if they 're the same ... wish me luck .
 When I read Nesmith 's teasing `` maybe I 'll record again , maybe I wo n't '' liner notes to the `` Live At The Britt Festival '' CD -LRB- BUY it ... it 's excellent -RRB- , I thought `` You ca n't be SERIOUS , Mike ... you 're an ICON . You , the late Rick Nelson and the late John Hartford were responsible for the `` country rock '' movement that spawned The Eagles , Poco , Pure Prairie League , New Riders Of The Purple Sage , '' etc etc etc. . Then `` Rays '' was released and I thought YES ! Until I purchased it from iTunes , that is . `` Rays '' is trippy , genre-hopping Papa Nez stuff , but he forgot to write any tunes with the heart and soul that put him on the map . From the faux-Santana opening track `` Zip Ribbon '' to the sludgy trip-hop of `` Dynaflow '' to the `` goes nowhere '' stoner cut `` Friedrider '' to the `` where is the SONG '' ambience of `` Carhop '' to more fake Santana on `` Boomcar '' to the `` Little Feat never finds its groove '' track `` Best Of It '' to the vapid New Age stylings of `` Ed 's October Cafe '' to the thick and empty title track to the next `` so what '' instrumental `` Rays '' to the `` watered-down Booker T & The MGs '' funk of `` Bells '' to the jungle drum / tribal chant boredom of `` There It Is '' to `` starts off promising , kind of like the First National Band , then goes nowhere '' closing track `` Follows The Heart , '' I 'm reminded of the sticker that came on RCA 's initial vinyl pressing of Lou Reed 's `` Metal Machine Music '' ... `` Recommended Tracks
 Carrying on from the mostly instrumental albums of `` The Prison '' & `` The Garden '' , we get `` Rays '' . Which is nowhere as strong as these albums , with Nez laying on the Synths , giving a slight Queen from the 80 's feel -LRB- which nobody wants to hear -RRB- . He also creates a horn section using the synths , which just sounds cheap & tacky.With `` Prison '' & `` Garden '' you hear richly textured & ambitious soundscapes , but `` Rays '' is to low-fi -LRB- which I do n't have a problem with -RRB- , it just does n't work with such a complete piece of work.This is the only weak Nesmith album , so I suggest you purchase the rest of his back catalogue before arriving at this -LRB- low -RRB- point .
 If a movie was made of C.M. Kornbluth 's classic science fiction story , `` The Marching Morons , '' this could be the soundtrack album.The production is heavy on synthetic horns and strings , with deep , thumping bass lines . Everything is highly compressed . The overall effect manages to sound both exuberant and oppressive . Vocals are scarce , over-processed and often buried in the mix . Refreshingly organic B3 stylings by Chester Thompson only accentuate the opaque , plastic texture of the surrounding arrangements . There are hints of an overall structure -- the first six songs flow together seamlessly -- and glimpses of wry humor -LRB- `` Dynaflow '' -RRB- . But meaning is elusive , and I hear nothing that moves me or makes me think.The title song , `` Rays , '' is a sort of companion to the song `` Light '' from Nesmith 's INFINITE RIDER album , but without the soulful majesty of that wonderful track . `` There It Is '' sounds like early-80s power disco . The rest is nearly indistinguishable lounge-sludge , a computer-generated pastiche of Mancini . The coda , `` Follows the Heart , '' sounds tacked-on and insincere.I 'm a huge fan of Nesmith , but this release leaves me puzzled . Multiple listenings have not made it click for me . Let 's hope this is n't his last word on disc .
 This entire album sounds like it was rather cheaply recorded via nothing but sequencing on keyboards that really do n't sound that great anyway.It reminds me of those keyboards you used to buy where you could push one key and it would play a song for you.I really do n't understand why he released this . I 've been a Nez fan for years , but this one left me feeling quite ripped off.I feel he 's taking his fans for gullible idiots with this half hearted attempt at an album ; thinking we 'll buy anything he puts out .
 Although the recording was somewhat ineresting , due to the lack of music in the recording I find very dissapointing . I will probably play it three or four times and then dispose of it .
 Good God , was this boring ! I could n't even finish watching it before I tossed it . I usually enjoy reading or hearing how artists create , it fascinates me . And I love The Band that used to be . But this was boring as heck . Sorry , Robbie . Sorry , Levon .
 I just screened the dvd of The Band which cost $ 65.00 ! If you like 75 minutes of interviews with some musical clips -LRB- all far better in The Last Waltz -- where each song is 100 % seen on camera and mixed great -RRB- than send me $ 55.00 and I 'll ship you my copy . I love The Band but this looks like a BBC TV doc.Bill
 I have enjoyed all the Fleetwood Mac albums and thought this video would provide excellent sound tracks from their album Rumors . Unfortunately , both me and my guests were extremely disappointed by boring commentary mixed in with partial sound tracks ... . A book would have been more entertaining .
 This DVD contains discussions of the songs on Fleetwood Mac 's Rumours Album , but not the songs themselves . They tell you about the song , how it was produced , what was going on and then they do n't play it . If you are lucky they show about a 10 second video clip . It would not have cost the powers-to-be a dime to show a video of each song after it was discussed . In my opinion this `` Album '' is a tribute to arrogance . I will be sending it back .
 Clearly , the producers of this DVD meant to mislead . The cover of the DVD shows the original album cover suggesting that it is a visual equivalent of the album . Please read the cover carefully . It is a quickly put together documentary of the times surrounding the making of the album . Too much time is taken up showning closeups of the of photographic stills that are already on the original album cover and liners.Much time is spent describing the breakup of the relationships.Some of the new performances of the classic songs are again , quickly put together and does n't provide additional insights.Hastily produced DVD with a misleading cover to cash in on unsuspecting fans .
 Rumours is one of my all-time favorite albums , so I was dying to see this video . The one on the making of Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon was a real treat , so I had high hopes for this one . Unfortunately , it is just them saying over and over again that it was difficult being trapped in a small studio together , while they were breaking up . The only thing I did not already know , that I got from this video , is that Mick Fleetwood seems like a pretty nice guy , but the other three are self-absorbed jerks . Listen to the album again and again , but I recommend not wasting your time on this pointless and thoroughly uninteresting video .
 I 'm really upset with myself for not more closely reading the reviews that said there was n't music , just talking about the songs . I like the Fleetwood Mac , but not personally . I thought I was buying a concert performance with commentary . If you do n't get a preview , you do n't know what you 'll get .
 THIS IS A BLATANT CASE OF FALSE ADVERTISING THAT I 'VE EVER SEEN ! I 'M EXPECTING TO SEE FLEETWOOD-MAC PERFORMING ALL THE SONGS FROM THEIR ALBUM ` RUMORS ' -LRB- WHICH IS A GREAT PIECE OF WORK ! -RRB- . INSTEAD , ALL I SEE ARE THE RECORDING TECHNICIANS EXPLAINING HOW THEY MIXED THE VARIOUS SONGS , WHICH , BRINGS ME TO MY MAIN BEEF ... ONLY BITS AND PIECES OF THE SONGS ARE PLAYED . NONE OF THE SONGS WERE PLAYED IN THEIR ENTIRETY . ALSO , THE INTERVIEWS WITH THE BAND MEMBERS SEEMED TO FOCUS ON WHO HAD AN AFFAIR WITH WHOM AND WHY THE AFFAIR ENDED . WHO CARES ? I WANTED TO SEE F-M PERFORM AND WAS VERRRRRRY DISAPPOINTED WHEN THEY DID N'T . AT LEAST I HAVE MEMORIES OF TWO OF THEIR CONCERTS THAT I ATTENDED YEARS AGO .
 No one song complete , just short clips and explanations about the making of the album , nice but not for a dvd , at least in my humble opinion .
 The dvd is a documentory , alot of talking and very little music . I thought it was them in concert . Too much talking
 Well , I am among those who expected the basic performances along with the documentary , based on the packaging and the song titles listed in the text.I 'm glad so many people like it because that means I will have no trouble selling my copy.The sound quality did n't impress me , and the `` specially recorded '' versions of some songs told me only that the members have lost their voices . -LRB- offstage
 If you want to hear music , do n't purchase this video . Each song is quickly interrupted with current interviews of band members talking mostly of their failed romantic relationships during the recording of Rumours . This should be labeled a documentary , not a music video . The band members do talk about the music , and there are nice clips shot at Sausalito , California 's Record Plant showing how particular tracks were mixed . However , I believe using the Rumours album cover on the video packaging deceptively implies that it is a music video .
 Very disappointed with this DVD . Like I said above , if you want to view a rockumentary watch VH1 alot cheaper . Description very misleading .
 This DVD was advertised as part of the `` Classic Album Series '' ... It was not the album , however , just a series of films clips chronicling the history of the group Fleetwood Mac . Not at all what I expected or wanted . Returned it .
 I was very much disappointed with this album.I really did n't need to hear of all their problems in life.I did not purchase this album to hear them talk about themselves , I wanted to hear their music , which on this album there is very little . I am sending this album back to Amazon . Stay away if you are looking for music .
 Well what more can be said here than has ! But I must say I would rather listen to the old Fleetwood Mac . Lets face it , all the Fleetwood of later is nothing but more rumours . They all have the same things in common each and every record ! Sappy , mysical fakeness , single drum beats as if your hearts going to pop from your chest . On and on Fleetwood Mac goes , when they stop nobody knows ! I do know when they should stop ! NOW ! There is one track I heard the other day and yes I do n't know the name of it ... `` Thank God '' , but it will be easy to find out . They repeated the line over 100 times ! Name that tune ! I must admit they did write some great songs , but I do n't like hearing other peoples problems on record and I do n't see how their music will get someone who is on valuim through the day ! Do n't Stop about thinking of tomorrow ! Trust me I wo n't . If you want to hear a woman sing , listen to Blackmore 's Night , and she do n't do coke , Candence Night this woman can sing ! And speaking of a great guitar player ... Mr Blackmore knows the world and styles of mystical treatments ! Guess what ? The the Worlds still turning !
 I agree with other reviewers that suggest ` Rumours ` is among the 10 best albums ever made . I bought the album when it was first released on vinyl around 25 years ago and it 's since been one of the 3 of my most favourite albums . One thing that struck me when I first listened to the album apart from the musical experience was just how well produced the album was . I think the attention to sound quality made it an even more rewarding listening experience . This DVD / DVD-A version was sonically a little dissppointing for me to be honest . Yes it does sound clean and detailed but the dynamic nuances have been compressed in much the same way you here on FM radio , and possibly even more so . Listening to dynamic tracks such as ` The Chain ' or ` Gold Dust Woman ' , the compession , especially in the bass is almost laughable and a real let down compared with the normal cd release . I 'm not sure why it was remastered in this way , especially since the DVDA medium supposedly allows for improved dynamic resolution . There is no doubt in my mind that the original vinyl lp version of this album offered the best sound quality and ultmately the most rewarding experience musically . I was hoping that this DVDA release could recapture that but sadly not . If only these DVDA releases could be transfered directly from the original analogue master tapes without be stuffed around with . Now that would be great but it seems I 'm alone in the world in thinking that .
 Having seen `` The Dance '' before , I was totally disappointed . I was expecting at least the full songs from the CD , but it has only interviews with the band and commentaries . Also the picture quality on my dvd -LRB- I bought Region 2 -RRB- was just bad quality . Not worth buying .
 It 's disappointing to say the least . I 'm not sure what Suzzette Phillips is talking about in her review , but on my version the classic album rumors is n't on my dvd . -LRB- And nowhere on the disc or packaging does it say the album is contained on the disc . Possibly , there are two versions ? Anyway , 75 minutes of interviews about each song , and vintage footage each lasting about 15 to 30 seconds . Nothing new is on here that you have n't seen on any other documentary . It would be great if they played the vintage live selections in their entirety .
 I bought this hoping that the promised songs on the back of the box would be the videos or `` promotional short '' versions songs I had seen on the internet . They were floating around Windows Media player when they were promoting the re-release of Rumours with extras and demos . They were indeed the cuts I was looking for
 I wanted to buy this song but could n't figure out how to do it from the webpage . I do n't have any problem buying Apple products , or ATT products or anyone else 's products . But I could not figure out how to buy a song from Amazon .
 I love techno and have listened to it since it 's onset in 1989 or 1990 . This CD , however , has not aged well . In 1992 when this was released I tolerated it because there were n't many techno artists or CDs out there . Now I see that this CD is simply tiresome , crass garbage . Samples of Annie Lennox and Kate Bush are overused and abused and the only reason this drivel was played on the radio or in any club . I think this CD has been stuck under the backseat of my Volvo 244 since 1993 . And it probably has gunk on it .
 Not worth the money at all . None of the music is mixed togeather , like by a DJ . Most of the songs are not by the original artists ! I wish I had never purchased this order , and will never again purchase such an items without being able to hear all of the songs . One last thought , , I was an 80 's nightcluber , , , some of the songs I never , ever heard of and they are not good what so ever , just fill in songs .
 Have you ever been the passenger in a car with a driver who keeps alternatingly hitting the breaks and the accelerator , so that you are constantly slowing down or speeding up ? Nauseating , is n't it ? Well , the same is true of this recording , on which Mr. Remy seems incapable of sustaining a steady tempo for more than three or four measures at the most . I 'm aware that half a century ago , Baroque music was mistakenly thought of as `` sewing-machine music , '' with endless successions of 16th notes chugging along in a vise-like tempo devoid of inflection or nuance , but Remy goes to the other extreme . Gustav Leonhardt was once lampooned by a critic as playing `` for the cognoscenti , who remember where the beat used to be , '' but compared to Remy , Leonhardt is the Rock of Gibralter . Maybe the constant hesitations and pauses make musical sense to Remy , but to a listener it is frustrating to the point where you want to run from the room screaming . -LRB- It 's a bit like listening to a speaker with a bad stutter . -RRB- Remy is extremely creative -LRB- at times a bit too much so -RRB- in terms of ornamentation and varying repeats -- which he often does not merely ornament but simply rewrites -- and he adds all sorts of little gimmicks like repeating the last four measures of a movement as a sort of mini-reprise or even -LRB- as in the Passacaglia of the 7th suite in G Minor -RRB- appending a brief intro of his own . If you know these suites intimately , it is interesting to hear what he does to them , just to get a new viewpoint ; but if you simply want to listen to this glorious music to enjoy it , or to become acquainted with it for the first time , look elsewhere . I found these performances to be virtually unlistenable .
 I 've seen Patti Page recently on PBS , where she and Margaret Whiting did a tribute to Johnny Mercer , Whiting was great -LRB- she 's a pop singer that can easily make a succsessful crossover from pop-singer to jazz singer -RRB- , Page on the other hand could n't swing unfortionately if you hung her -LRB- her tribute ended up an insult to Mercer -RRB- . It 's not that this effort by Page was n't sincere . In fact Pete Rugalo was assigned to make the arrangements for this album , Rugalo was jazz singer June Christy 's favorite arranger . However Page is no Christy . The results are disasterous . The LP would have been better as an instrumental for Rugalo 's innovative orchestra , and this lp would be listenable without Page 's clumsy phrasing , and lack of sense of swing . Not to mention that she sounds as though she does n't mean a word of anything she is ever singing -LRB- no feeling what so ever , though I would n't go as far as saying she 's as bad as Barbara Streisand -RRB- . Stay away from this if you like 50 's jazz vocal , or respect jazz or swing in the least , go buy a June Christy CD instead . Also stay away from Teresa Brewer , and Joni James .
 Unfortionately Miss Patti Page does n't have the talent or chops to pull off a jazz session . Backed here by June Christy 's regular orchestra , only shows how bad a singer Page is in comparison to the gifted Miss Christy . Miss Page does n't have the syncopation , rhythm , or phrasing to attempt a project like this . Doris Day , Roseamry Clooney , and Tony Bennett are pop singers who can easily make the cross-over from pop to jazz , but talentless hacks like Patti Page , Teresa Brewer , and Johnny Mathis only make fools of them selves when trying . Stay awa yfrom this and just go out and buy any CD by Anita O'Day or June Christy , but for Heaven Sake 's do n't buy this .
 Patti Page `` The Tennessee Waltz Gal '' should never have attemted to record a jazz vocal album , for one she lacks the individuality that it takes to be a jazz singer , number two how can anyone take seriously a singer who sings `` How Much Is That Doggie In The Window . '' And three when she sings , she sounds like she does n't care about what she 's singing about , Page is definately not a lyrical singer . Even though Pete Rugalo -LRB- the talented jazz vocalist June Christy 's regular arranger -RRB- , who arranged this album , tried to make Miss Page sound listenable , it just did n't work out . Stay away from this CD or any CD that has the name `` patti Page '' on it .
 I purchased this CD for my wife for Mother 's Day . After listening to it , it became very clear that Babs is way out of her league when she sings with singers the caliber of Il Divo -LRB- whom she refers to as `` swell '' by the way . Swell ??? -RRB- . The continual platitudes such as `` children are like sponges '' etc. are boring . At 65 years of age she can at least try to come up with something new to say . As for her political persuasion , who cares !
 Stop listening to her music years ago . How do you explain this person who only comes out to the public when she is promoting a record . Money $ $ $ $ $ $ $ is her only satisfaction that and puting down the United States to anyone stupid enough to listen . Barbie , go join Jane Fonda on your hate tours .
 dissapointing in that the duets really do little justice to the songs . The duet5s in particular have beengiven inappropriate arrangements .
 While I appreciate the fierce loyalty of Ms. Streisand 's fans , to suggest that her voice has lost little-to-nothing with time , or that superior phrasing makes up for a rough , lifeless , tired sound is absurd . If you have n't bought or listened to any of this album yet , listen to the Amazon cuts of `` The Music That Makes Me Dance '' and `` People '' alone to see what I mean.Let 's face it -- if this album came out today on its own merits , with Ms. Streisand as a newcomer or even an `` American Idol '' contestant , you would stay away in droves . No amount of blond hair dye can turn back the vocal clock.So in the spirit of the kind of blunt honesty I hope Ms. Streisand would appreciate , let 's call this is an admirable effort from a legend who deserves an atta-girl for still getting up to sing in front of a VERY well paying crowd . But what one is buying , really , is a necessary filler for a complete Streisand collection and not much more . There 's nothing wrong with that.We do n't have many living legends left , so if you want to celebrate longevity , you could do worse than to buy Barbra 's journey from autumn to winter .
 Apart from shrinking core of diehard fans , who is going to buy this ? Most of the songs appear on other albums , the liner notes are schmaltzy , the sound quality is not that hot , and BS 's voice sounds worn and tired.If she really cared , she would tour with all new songs and sing like she was happy to be there and NOT TALK ABOUT POLITICS . : -RRB- For those of you unsure as to whether or not to buy the CD , wait a month and it will be in the cutout bin.I give this 2 stars in honor of the late Mr. Peter Matz , thanked by BS in the liner notes in her usual pompous way .
 I had the opportunity to see Barbra Streisand in concert in Boston , and it was one of the best times I have had in recent memory . She still looked beautiful , sang some of the songs very well , and even interacted with the audience in a way she never seemed to in her previous live recordings . That being said , I do think this live CD is probably not her best.As many have said , her voice has obviously lost some of its power , and you can truly hear her struggling to sing some songs that , in the past , she sang almost effortlessly . She also sounds like she is about to lose her voice and/or breath altogether at times . And while she sings many of the must sings , not only must it be said that the original recordings sound better , but have even been performed better on discs such as One Voice or The Concert.In both acts , she comes out singing almost as good as ever , with her voice astounding you with the fact she hits all the notes and can still hold them for a long time . However , as the acts go on , the voice slowly starts to deteriorate , with her struggling through some of the more challenging songs.That being said , I do realize she is getting older and the voice always goes as a singer matures . But here , it just sounds like Barbra has n't been taking care of it very well , especially since many about her age , like Aretha Franklin and Liza Minnelli , still have a lot of voice left -LRB- especially if you consider all the stuff they have done to themselves over the years -RRB- . If two performers who have famously neglected caring for their voices over the years can still pull off a good performance , why ca n't she ? People have even said she does n't even do a warm up before she performs.While she does quite a few good performances -LRB- especially in the beginning -RRB- , you could tell Il Divo was there to hide her struggling . Also , the sequence seems a little uneven , with all the hits and Funny Girl at the beginning , and mostly obscure songs in the second act . If she mixed it up a little more , and tried to make more surprising choices -LRB- like with `` Ma Premiere Chaison '' -RRB- , this would have been a true must have.As it is , this is a for-the-fans purchase . If you are looking to start collecting her albums , this is not the place to start . If you are interested in how she sounds live , her 1994 Concert recording is a better place to start . Anyone who listens to this will feel like they missed something by not being there , and they will be right .
 This is not Lighthouse . This is the ST Luke UMC Lighthouse Praise Band . I am returning it to Amazon because it looks like Chrstian filler .
 Ok , first of all I was looking for Lighthouse the Classic Pop/Rock Group . There was NOTHING to tell me that this album was a Gospel CD.OK , I can live with that ... So I listen to my new Lighthouse -LRB- GOSPEL -RRB- CD . Let me tell you , I was NOT IMPRESSED ! The engineering sucked , The Music was mmmmmmm ... ok , I guess , and , the singing really had NO feeling or substance behind it!So if you are into Gospel , steer clean and , if you are looking for Lighthouse -LRB- the classic pop/rock group -RRB- , THIS IS NOT IT!Latter ...
 That sums up this collection well . It 's put out by Club Med and , perhaps that says something is some people 's minds . What it amounts to is a fairly non-offensive collection of big-name artists -LRB- Kool and The Gang , Wes Montgomery , Roy Ayers , Sweetback - of Sade fame -RRB- doing downtempo . Think of it as muzak that is likely played at Club Med resorts or Sandals resorts to vacationers who find Club Med still suitable -LRB- as if it somehow ever was -RRB- . South Beach , Monaco , Cannes sur Mer or St. Tropez discrimnating tastes this is not.I will say that it does have packaging and style over substance , but beyond that , there are far superior products out there , literally for a fraction of the cost . Avoid this unless you have absolutely everything else in your collection and far nothing better to listen to -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- .
 For reasons of cluelessness , that I have long since quit trying to figure out , RCA and BMG have spend the past 15 years or so constantly taking the same handful of Dolly Parton songs and put them on compilation after compilation while they continue to allow many , many of her songs and albums , particularly those from her pre-pop country phase -LRB- from circa 1977 back -RRB- languish in their vaults gathering dust and never ever even issued once on CD . Do a song search on Amazon for `` Here You Come Again , '' `` 9 to 5 , '' `` Two Doors Down , '' `` I Will Always Love You , '' `` Old Flames , '' and `` Islands in the Stream '' and you 'll find that there are already dozens of CD compilations that have these songs . Then do a search for `` My Blue Ridge Mountain Boy , '' `` Just Because I 'm a Woman , '' or `` Down From Dover '' and you 'll find far , far fewer and for that later song you will find that only a new version , which she recorded for her `` Little Sparrow '' album remains in print.OK . So this 2 - disc compilation goes a little ways to correct some of that . Unlike most other compilations it does acknowledge that there was more to Dolly Parton before her mid to late 70 's pop sellout than `` Coat of Many Colors '' and `` Jolene '' both marvelous songs -LRB- and in the case of CoMC magnificent -RRB- which are usually to two songs tossed on all the pop compilations that are supposed to make up for the absence of any comprehensive collection of Parton 's most artistically compelling period , this one gives a decent , if far from complete , overview of it . Nevertheless , this compilation remains problematic.For starters , rather than giving us a two disc set of songs that have generally been ignored in the CD era , it uses the second disc to , once again give us songs that have been released over and over and over again . Face it . Does anyone who really wants to have `` Here You Come Again , '' `` I Will Always Love You , '' or `` 9 to 5 '' on CD STILL not have it ? And since a large number of people who have an interest in Parton 's more traditional country period have little to no interest in her pop sellout phase why bundle these discs together and slap a twenty dollar plus list price on it meaning that we have to choose either between paying a premium cost for a single disc -LRB- since disc two will go unplayed -RRB- or -LRB- the more likely option -RRB- forgoing buying this altogether ? And all of this does n't get into the fact that the less satisfying pop stuff begins to creep in on disc one.BMG & RCA
 About ten years ago RCA released , separately , a pair of best of collections by Dolly Parton . Each was called `` The Essential Dolly Parton '' and had Vol .1 and Vol . 2 to distinguish them.They appeared to be misnumbered . Vol . 1 was made up exclusively of her undistinguished pop hits like `` 9 to 5 , '' while Vol 2 . was made up mostly of her older country material with some of the pop stuff infiltrating it -LRB- which , tellingly , the country stuff was not allowed to do on Vol . 1 -RRB- . Vol . 2 of those collections is now out of print and , it appears , that Volume 1 is in the process of following it to that status.It would thus appear that this two disc set , which has a very similar set list to those previous collections -LRB- even to the point that the pop songs infiltrate the country disc while , by and large , the pop disc is all pop -RRB- is designed to fill the void left by the status of those earlier `` Essentials . '' I suppose one could be pleased that the list price of this two disc set is actually lower than the combined list price of the two separate discs but if all you want is the country stuff you 're outta luck . You have to plop down about two dozen hard earned dollars to get a second disc you probably do n't want and may well never even play.Three cheers for the previous reviewer who pointed out that an Australian label has released a 24 track collection of Parton 's pre-pop country career called `` Mission Chapel Memories . '' Many of the songs on it have never even been released on CD in the United States even though that format is now nearly 25 years old . That collection is an infinitely better value than this redundant one that offers us nothing new other than the song order .
 Never ordered it , it was sent by mistake and I returned it upon receipt without even opening it so I do n't know .
 When I first bought this it was because of the song `` oh , Yeah '' granted I heard the rest of the album and there were a lot better songs and I loved the eclectic sound . `` Love Devine '' sung by the women who sang the James Bond theme song `` Goldfinger '' was ultra cool . So they remaster it with all these bonus tracks but no `` Oh Yeah '' ? That totally sucks . It 's not the best song on it but it 's not `` One Second '' without `` Oh , Yeah ''
 People often rave about how great this album is -- I really do n't see the appeal . At the risk of sounding simplistic , this CD is full of pretensious songs for pretentious people . Bad melodies , not catchy at all , very little edge . Awful . There is so much good music out there , I ca n't fathom why one would listen to this .
 As somebody else wrote earlier , it is so much great music out there that these I.Com tracks sound awfully poor and dry to me ; maybe if that album would have appeared in the 90s it 'd have sounded slightly more surprising , but just a few weeks before Bj&ouml;rk releases Medulla , and definitely late after the Chicks on Speed albums -LRB- and without even 10 % of their musical imagination -RRB- Miss Kittin with her new release is making electronic music sound like a joke , and conceived for people who never heard about Warp , Rephlex and the intelligent vast worlds of true electronica . To avoid .
 Why would I choose to listen to this when I already own every Black Sabbath album , and every Blue Chear album ? I mean-it sounds like a cover band pretty much . But they will fare well in a music industry that does not favor creativity over a fashionable rehash . Such is life .
 I purchased the original Klaatu album on vinyl in 1976 . I love the album as much now on CD as it did then . However `` Hope '' is far too theatrical , with virtually no actual songs on it . If I could give it 0 stars I would .
 If you like cute . It 's okay , but you have to waid througha lot of syrupy , cloying , well , Canadianess . This stuffwould be great on Sesame Street .
 The album cover picture for this page is incorrect . See other offerings of `` Spanish Eyes '' by Paul McDermand for the correct image.The music is wonderful , however !!!!
 The transfer to digital format from the analog source includes all of the tape hiss on this disc . The content is great , but the background noise is too much on my system . I 'd look for another title from OP and pass on this one .
 Alright , this is an amazing album . Brilliant in fact . Some of the most creative recordings ever done ... BUT ... in order to hear this music at its best -LRB- and it deserves recognition as an audiophile recording -RRB- you should n't subject yourself to this recent Bullseye CD . I do n't care if the band was involved with the remastering process . They got it wrong ... very incredibly wrong . The actual mixes are big , dynamic , open and full of warmth and life . This remaster has horribly compromised dynamics and heavy handed EQ work that ruins the sonic spectrum.The emotionally climactic crescendos of Little Neutrino have been crushed by a compressor and ruined . It no longer has any dynamic power . The crescendos are supposed to be louder but on the remaster they 're reduced in volume to the point of a non-event . Neutrino is supposed to range from a whisper to a roar but on the remaster the whole song screams at you . The drama and excitement are gone . It 's not involving anymore . It 's called dynamics and was the way it was originally performed and recorded . The band understood this concept in 1976 . I guess they need another lesson . The band should listen to the original vinyl to hear how good the mixes were before they mutilated them in mastering.This remaster , besides being highly compressed and harsh , has a narrowed soundstage . All the signs of poor remastering are conveniently contained on this one CD . California Jam has been narrowed all the way to MONO -LRB- ! -RRB- . I 'd suggest you find an Attic or Justin CD to hear how phenomenal this album can sound . My point is , there are several other CD versions out there that sound really nice , you know , the way the band intended it to sound before the CD Loudness Wars took over good judgement.A lot of these positive reviews are highly misleading . I 'm guessing they were written by people employed by the record label . This is their way to combat the negative response the remasters have gotten from the fans.I wish the band and Bullseye understood the damage they did to this beautiful album . The fans who know better want a properly mastered CD .
 I bought the album on vinyl on its first day in the stores , not because of the `` they might be Beatles '' hype , but because word in the music industry was that the sound was something special . My first experience of Klaatu , therefore , was at the home of a fellow radio announcer who had a much better stereo system than my own at the time . Sure enough -- the songs were clever , the production was impeccable and really enhanced the content , and the sonic quality totally blew us away!Sadly , this official remaster will barely ruffle a loose strand of hair.The original was a real stretch of the limits of a stylus riding in a vinyl groove , with bass drum and guitar rattling the walls well below 20Hz , crisp but exceptionally clean highs , vast dynamic range , and an astonishingly precise sense of where instruments and voices were positioned in the stereo field . I 'd never heard that quality of sound on an LP before , except for a very few premium classical recordings . And , for dessert , there was the goosebump-raising cosmic thunder at the end of `` Little Neutrino . '' Amazing stuff.It 's no wonder , then , that I -- like so many others -- was less than thrilled by the audio quality of the Capitol Special Products CD combining this album with the second one , Hope . To their credit , Capitol did retain the low-end frequency response . However , they cranked up the treble to painful levels and squashed the dynamic range with excess compression . -LRB- Not to mention the sacrilege of merging the squeak that ends the first album with the one that begins the second . -RRB- Could things possibly get worse?Yes . Unfortunately , the band themselves proved it . It 's as if they intended for this release to be the Anticapitol version . Not only is the excessive treble of the Capitol CD gone , but also the crisp , clean highs of the LP . It 's hard to tell exactly where the instruments , voices , and effects are positioned . -LRB- This is indicative of a full remix rather than just remastering . That 's not always a good thing . -RRB- The wonderful ambience of the LP is gone . And the bass ... oh , mercy ... it 's peaked heavily in the mid-bass , with distinct rolloff below , more suited for a boombox than a good home stereo . Without that lovely infrasonic trickery , the cosmic thunder wo n't raise goosebumps any more ; it can barely manage a prickly rash now , even with headphones.Should you shun this album because of the sonic letdown ? No . If you already appreciate the music of Klaatu , it does deserve a hearing . You 'll gain some worthwhile insights into the songs.In principle , I 'm happy for musicians who end up with ultimate control over their creative output . Klaatu , however , both through the production misadventure represented by this CD and through some poor choice of material on later albums , provide a case study of why even the best and brightest musicians still sometimes need a tough producer , and someone to give them candid A&R advice too .
 Good lord ! I do n't care if I 'm in the minority on this - the Bullseye remaster of `` 3:47 EST '' is THE worst-sounding version yet of this great album - actually , it may be the worst-sounding remastering EVER . It is compressed to hell with all the warmth squashed out of it , making it VERY fatiguing on the ears.The Bullseye remaster of `` Hope '' suffers from the same problem , as both discs were remastered by Glenn Belcher . The Bullseye remasters of `` Sir Army Suit '' and `` Endangered Species '' done by Joe Lambert sound far better . I wish Lambert had done ALL of the discs.For `` 3:47 EST , '' I highly recommend the earlier CD reissues on the Attic and Justin labels . They may be a little bass-shy , but AT LEAST they sound just like the original vinyl.I ca n't believe people are championing this remaster ! The only good thing about it is the booklet ! The band should be ashamed of releasing this . Hopefully their upcoming `` Sun Set '' box wo n't sound this awful.Five stars for content , one star for the sound !
 Anyone who hears this song and is n't mesmerized , then haunted , is deaf . I heard it in my car and almost wrecked . The most beautiful !
 Who gave this guy a music contract ? This song is so terrible and overplayed . Plus the guy ca n't sing he sounds like he is whining . Stay away from this song !!
 Who gave this guy a music contract ? This song is so terrible and overplayed . Plus the guy ca n't sing he sounds like he is whining . Stay away from this song !!
 I love the neptunes and almost everything done by them has struck me as gold , but this song is not that great . Pharrell can sing ok , but the beats is their forte . And this beat is nothing special at all . Just did n't do it for me . Also , they added the radio edit of Hott -LRB- cot -RRB- damn . The clean version of that track is stupid . Better off just listen to the real version on Lord Willin ' . Not the best cd single compilation .
 I 'll give the Neptunes Props for being Successful in a very tough Business to make a mark in & they have been doing well for some time now.but as far as Pharell thinking He is the 2nd-Coming of Curtis Mayfield ? NAW!Double NAW !!!! Pharell has Radny Watson written all over Him Vocally to me.whenever I watch Pharell up there singing I have a `` Coming to America '' Flashback.but the scary part is that alot of folks are taking His Singing Career as legit .
 As a huge fan of the group , I was disappointed with this item . The interview disc is poor quality and was basically audio from existing early interviews which most fans would have already . The content is dated and is pre reunion.The book has some nice pictures which again , are all pre ` comeback ' I would ` nt really recommend the item to existing fans , there is ` nt really any content of interest . The cover card was scraped on arrival and looked shabby despite having been well packaged .
 If you 're a Heaven 17 fan , you 're gon na be disappointed ; if you like good techno , you 're gon na be disappointed . It 's just plain rubbish . There are one or two tracks that * might * warrant a second listening , but overall , the CD is annoying and a waste of money . Most of tracks have very little unity between H17 and the dance track , sounding like two songs mistakenly played together .
 A pretty sad excuse to play at the vampire-craze a few years ago . Standard , no , sub-standard songs with forced vocals . Fast guitarsoloing ... so what . Nothing new - nothing to get exited about .
 As a fan of both Costello and Frisell , I was pleased to see this record come out - it 's been a long tradition in jazz to play around with pop songs , and I thought it was an exceptional idea to choose them from this great Costello/Bacharach album.The result is terrible , however . Yeah , everyone is playing the notes very nicely , but these are merely rote and exceedingly pallid , mainly instrumental verions of the originals , which on the first album are full of much more passion and spontaneity . There is no imagination or inspiration here , no sense of even an attempt to make the music their own . It seems inexplicable that no one involved in this project could hear how dull and lifeless it was . And on a personal level , Billy Drewes is a taste I perhaps will never acquire . Do n't waste your money , this is an awful record .
 I 'm a big fan of Costello , a big fan of Bacharach , and through Deep Dead Blue , became a fan of Frisell . This combination seemed too good to be true , and actually , I was so looking forward to hearing it as one piece that I saved listening to it until I had a long car journey.Sadly , the Sweetest Punch is much less than the sum of the parts.I understand that Bill recorded it without hearing Elvis & Burt 's finished album . I wish he 'd waited and used it as inspiration , as The Sweetest Punch is neither sweet nor punchy . Instead it is passionless , routine and flat . Moreover it 's just dull if you compare it to the rich , elegant , touching soundscapes of Painted From Memory.I am surprised that as someone with so much creative control over his output , Elvis did n't take Bill aside and suggest re-mixing or re-recording or simply not releasing.Sad really .
 Is it just me ... or is there something strange about the sound of this album , as though the musicians are all slightly out of tune or it 's being played on a tape recorder that 's going a little bit below the usual speed ? This effect is particularly noticeable on `` TOLEDO '' . I loved `` Painted From Memory '' - I think the songs are fantastic . These versions do n't detract from them , but , with a couple of exceptions -LRB- e.g `` Painted from Memory '' , sung by Cassandra Wilson -RRB- they do n't add much to the original album either . I had hoped that this CD would be more jazzy and improvisational . After all Bacharach and Costello have provided some great chords for jazz musos to play around with . Instead the instrumentation is dull and the arrangements unadventurous . Particularly bad is `` God Give Me Strength '' , which on all other recordings is amazing .
 I like Tina very much . I was extrememly dissapointed in this DTS version of the DVD . To my ears , the sound quality was plain at best . When I see DTS , I expect something special . I want to be able to say , WOW ! It let me down tremendously . Compared to `` Hell Freezes Over '' it ranks about a 2 and that 's being generous . It is WAY over priced!I played it once and never had the urge to play it again !
 Unfortunatelly the DVD is dissapointing for Tina 's fans . The show is fantastic , but both Dolby Digital and DTS version of this DVD have one of the worst sounds I ever heard . My subwoofer did n't move once while the tweeters of the front speakers nearly went on flames . More , the soundtrack was re-edited with sound taken from other concerts -LRB- that 's incredible - at one moment I swear that I heard the word Munchen despite the fact that the concert is in Amsterdam -RRB- . And , oh yes , the DVD is overpriced . Forget `` Amsterdam '' and do n't miss `` One Last Time in Concert '' as it has verry good sound quality and image . Not speaking abut the phantastic show ...
 Unfortunatelly the DVD is dissapointing for Tina 's fans . The show is fantastic , but both Dolby Digital and DTS version of this DVD have one of the worst sounds I ever heard . My subwoofer did n't move once while the tweeters of the front speakers nearly went on flames . More , the soundtrack was re-edited with sound taken from other concerts -LRB- that 's incredible - at one moment I swear that I heard the word Munchen despite the fact that the concert is in Amsterdam -RRB- . And , oh yes , the DVD is overpriced . Forget `` Amsterdam '' and do n't miss `` One Last Time in Concert '' as it has verry good sound quality and image . Not speaking abut the phantastic show ...
 Bought this DVD on the strength of the tape I had of the same concert broadcast on Showtime in the 90 's . Thought the concert should have won a Cable ACE award it was so good . Could n't wait to see the DVD version and when I heard the first vocals come out I could n't believe that they had overdubbed new vocals over the originals . What was one of the best concert videos that I had ever seen and heard was ruined by someone who thought he could improve on perfection . Do n't waste your money if you 've seen the original .
 I love Tina . Her music is the epitome of energizing soul-rock . We looked forward to this DTS version of her concert . We put it in , sat back , and after 5 minutes into the concert I was becoming agitated at what should be a great show . The music was great , but after 30 minutes I was going nuts . Then it dawned on me
 The music plays just fine but the on screen picture is horrible . The picture is blurry and it looks like graphics form the 60 's .
 I just bought this album based upon the previous review and I guess it goes to show that there is no accounting for taste , cause this album definately is not mine . Yikes ! I thoroughly enjoy Law 's `` Rite of Spring '' and still hold most of the CTI classics as favorites even though I also like less mainstream music a lot . This album would make an elevator stop of boredom . Can one find beauty in the strings and glitzy funkifications of Romeo & Juliet ? Sure , open minds are a wonderful thing , but turn elsewhere before wasting your money on this awful collection of late seventies sound bites ! Hubert can play wonderfully and if you can keep an ear on this you will hear some impressive flurries , as usual . But CTI was beginning to gasp for air at this point and even John Faddis & Randy Brecker could n't salvage it from their seats 1 & 2 in the pits . Romeo Penque is curiously missing from the ranks here , a certain death blow ! You can hear better Hubert Laws work on Rite or Afro Classic which will be completely more captivating . Many of his CTI appearances on other musician 's albums will offer tremendous solos over great compositions like with Freddie Hubbard , Herbie Hancock and George Benson to name a few of the most obvious . I have found that many of his own albums seem hard pressed to find the perfect blend of his classical and jazz talents , but most are solid , unlike Romeo & Juliet .
 Since when did Amazon have the legal right to sell bootleg CD 's ? I purchased this cd so I can listen to it in the car , -LRB- I have had it on wax for 20 years -RRB- The CD is a CDR ... When did Amazon buy the licensing rights to Music of Life ? They are charging people $ 15.00 for a bunch of MP3 's burnt on to a CD lmao . I give it one star because it is a CDR . .
 Google the instrumental Wipeout , and you will read the real story . I love the Surfari 's version which got to # 2 on the Billboard charts in a matter of weeks .
 I bought this one because its excellent review of another customer . Picture format is only in 4:3 which is ashame . Though the quality of the picture is good . Good encoding , beautifull skin tones . Pitty the lightning director is not that creative and used that awfull backlights with gobo 's . The sound is in AC-3 5.1 dolby , but never impressing , and with low dynamics . It 's the regular TV-mix we hear , it 's not remixed for dolby 5.1 with it 's extra dynamics and LFE output.I feel the band is average . The directors cut is not more than an average TV-special . All the way , would n't recommend it .
 Readers here are always quick to revolt against 1-star reviews of respected figures , but hear me out here . I 'm a big fan of Pierre Boulez , and not a day goes by when I do n't delight in some of his great works like '' ... explosante-fixe ... '' , `` Sur Incises '' , and `` Repons '' . This disc , however , is a disaster from an otherwise heroic composer . `` Pli selon pli '' for soprano and orchestra is a lengthy setting of poems by Stephane Mallarme , whose idea of a work in `` perpetual expansion '' preoccupied Boulez for much of the 1950s . The work grew in stages . It began first with three `` Improvisations sur Mallarme '' for voice and small ensemble in 1958 and 1959 . Then a grim end , `` Tombeau '' for large orchestra , was added later in 1959 . Finally , in 1960 the work gained an introduction with `` Don '' for large orchestra , whose opening big tutti chord will sound familiar to anyone familiar with Luciano Berio 's `` Sinfonia '' -LRB- where it 's quoted in the passage `` I have a present for you '' * whomp * -RRB- . Originally the order of many elements were left to the discretion of the conductor , a form similar to that of the Piano Sonata No. 3 and `` Eclat '' , but Boulez ultimately fixed the parts in the order they are here . The completed work has been revise several times since its introduction , and various versions have been recorded . This recording is of the latest revision , that of 1989 . Along with `` Le Marteau Sans Maitre '' of 1953-1955 , `` Pli selon pli '' ushers out the bleep-bloops and Webern-inspired crystal sounds of early Boulez and introduces the interest in wide contrasts of timbre and the warm tones of alto range that marks all of his subsequent work . The forces of a traditional ensemble are accompanied by guitar and mandolin , and while the soprano has a decisive role , her intonations serve more as exotic instrument in the ensemble than a communicator of poetry.Unfortunately , `` Pli selon pli '' is a rather unfocused work , for certain moments drag on for far too long than they should . There can indeed be moments of immense wonder here , the general exploration of the ensemble 's capabilities , the soprano 's wild gesticulations , and especially the grimly beautiful end , which is among Boulez 's most frenetic writing . On the 1969 recording on Sony where Boulez leads the soprano Halina Lukomska and the BBC Symphony Orchestra , there 's a good aggression about the performance that overcomes the sluggish parts to make for a three-star listening.On this revised version , however , those dragging moments drag on even longer , and Boulez 's conducting lacks any of the old violence . It 's over an hour of extremely sluggish pacing , and the result is unlistenable . I ca n't believe that at the same time Boulez did this revision , he was at work on the new version of '' ... explosante-fixe ... '' , one of the most wild and exuberant pieces I 've ever heard . `` Pli selon pli '' for me has never ranked among Boulez 's best work , though at least on the Sony recording it was entertaining enough . But I ca n't find much good to say about this performance .
 Over the years I 've bought several Dionne Warwick albums that I 've listened to with great enjoyment . I find this particular excursion , however , a sad disappointment . It just does n't work . The instrumentals almost seem like parodies of Vegas back-up arrangements . Miss Warwick sounds as if she is out of her element . And the sound quality is mediocre . Ms. Warwick is a singer that I respect and admire . But this particular album does little to burnish her legacy .
 I bought this album because it had some songs off of Epicus Doomicus Metallicus on it but it was a complete dissappointment , it has the really horrible singer that sounds nothing like the original singer , and he completely destroys some of my favorite songs with his awful warbling and squalking .
 I bought this album because I heard a killer version of `` White Christmas '' on a station on Live365 . The link pointed me to this album . What a dissapointment ! The tracks are half-baked , synth-drenched remakes with none of the swing of the song I heard . Liner notes are non-existant , leading me to wonder if any of the original Drifters even had a hand in this project . Do n't waste your money ! I did manage to locate the version I heard on Rhapsody on an album called `` Soul Christmas '' on Atlantic Records .
 thought this was a cd by the group pieces of a dream . you put it with their cds . not what i wanted .
 Amy Grant 's 1991 release `` Heart in Motion '' proved to be a blockbuster . Amy had already established herself as one of the all-time great Christian Contemporary artists and now was beginning to make a splash on the Pop Scene . Amy was able to do things her way - without the use of vulgarity or sexually explicit themes . While `` Heart in Motion '' was a pop album , there still was a Christian Contemporary influence on things . Amy 's follow-up would be 1994 's `` House of Love '' . This release continued down the Pop music path -LRB- and also had a Christian Contemporary influence -RRB- , but did things a little differenty
 I have been a big Amy Grant fan since 1982 , when I heard the `` Age to Age '' album . Each of her albums have been enjoyable and insightful . Even when doing the light pop sounds of `` Heart in Motion , '' there has always been a deeper meaning and a darker side to some of the songs . With `` Behind the Eyes , '' Amy goes for insight and finds straight depression . So many of the songs sound the same that by half way through the album , you are tired of listening to it . In fact , I think I have only been able to sit through the entire thing 2 times . The album is n't all bad . Songs like `` Takes a Little Time '' , `` Turn the World Around '' , and `` Nobody 's Home '' are very good and almost save the album . `` Somewhere Down the Road '' is a nice song about waiting to see how and why your life turns the way it does . But too many songs sound like this one ; Amy 's voice , which is pleasant , but never been stunning , and an acoustic guitar in a slow and quiet tempo . Too much of this drags down this CD . Let this one pass . If you like the more insightful Amy , check out `` Lead Me On '' , a far superior album .
 All the songs give you that `` uh , yep , , , right , , , ok '' . If ya face facts , , , , Amy is due out for a `` Best of '' to make up for the really BAD songs lately she has produced that were not hits . Remember Journey 's off songs , , , , , simuliar here with Amy Grants , , , , , , I have owned her entire collection to date and `` Heart of Motion '' CD is SO vastly superior to the rest of her CD 's . I have loved the `` Angels '' song on the `` Straight Ahead '' Album for instance but not much else . You will not find this spirited type song on this album . She lost it
 I own all of Amy Grant 's other CD 's and this is the worst ! This album is so depressing , it makes sense when you realize that her marriage was on the rocks at the time . I find it amusing that she puts out one of her worst albums ever and her ex-husband -LRB- Gary Chapman -RRB- puts out one of his best . It seems like she is trying to break out of the `` Gospel & Pop '' mold that made her . I bet she does country -LRB- with Vince Gill -RRB- next .
 Who does she think she is ? Amy Grant has been singing for years and years and still no one sees what she 's doing ? First she gets everyone thinking she 's a Christian singer so she does n't get as much opposition and more positive attention . Then she gets secular and fools those who are too blind to see . If you think ANY of her music will draw you closer to God it wo n't , and NO MATTER WHAT do n't get this CD !
 Who would buy it not knowing what is on it , is there any new material , is there a better version of music than previously released , how many , etc. , etc. . You 've got to tell us something - give us a reason to buy it - give us a few short pieces to listen too ! King indeed ; he 's pretty good but the King has been dead awhile -LRB- notwithstanding the occasional phantom sighting -RRB- and the remaining living creators of original rock and roll - Jerry Lee Lewis and Chuck Berry are very much alive and touring and in Jerry Lee 's case still recording great music.I 'll take a look at buying this if I can see and hear what it is!Jimp.s . sorry for the 1 star but ...
 Im not feelin this album . I always liked Bad Azz along with all the other LBC and DPG rappers , , , I thought his `` word on the streetz '' album was good , , , , but I just dont feel this album . In my opinion the best song is `` wrong idea '' which as you know is also on the last meal album from snoop dogg , and it isnt a real great track ... . so that doesnt say a lot for this album
 I picked this up second hand a couple of weeks ago and I would have been happier to leave it behind . This sounds like a album that producers decided to off load there average beats to , to cash in on some extra doe . Now I dont look at raps as being the issue on rap albums as the raps should only be taken in as an over throw to the beats . The west coast is all about the groove of the music and the rappers slicking there rhymes over the top in mesmeration to these beats . How any of the rappers that feature on this album does this beats me or are they like the producers just cashing in . The good tracks as few as they are on this arnt even that worth repetitive listens . Sorry Bad Azz but if your style incourages beats like this then your crossed off my list .
 Maybe it is just me but this is some real crap . Dont get me wrong , I like black metal , and not just the symphonic stuff like Dimmu Borgir and later Emporer . This album i akin to someone pissing in my ear . There is almost no quality in the musicianship . Repetitive and just plain boring . If you want to hear REAL old-school but also excellent BM go and get Satyricon 's The ShadowThrone and anything by Mayhem . Dont waste your time with this drivel . im not a kid either but beleive what you will .
 Count Grishnak , aka Varg Vikernes should never get credit for any of this music solely for the reason that he murdered the originator of black metal , Euronymous from Mayhem . The music is not too bad , but Grishnak deserves no attention for his deeds .
 I remember Armored Saint from their tour opening for WASP and Metallica . L'Amour in Brooklyn . These guys ROCKED . Unfortunately this album , lacking second guitarist Phil Sandoval , does not rock . Poor production values , even explained on the liner , makes it even less acceptable . I gave it the second star only because it was great to hear `` Can U Deliver ? '' again and I ca n't find the now out of print `` March of the Saint '' first album . Buy it if you 're a die-hard Saint fan like myself , but if you 're looking for a good Saint album currently available get `` Symbol Of Salvation '' instead . It 's pretty rockin ' .
 Maybe I should n't review this album since I 'm not very familiar w/jazz or jazzy styles so what I have to say is coming from a more or less mainstream perspective regarding this genre . With that said , I 'm also a sucker for live shows so I 'll have to second the reviews that maintain Regina Carter is best experienced live , a fact which prompted me to buy this album after seeing a performance in ' 01 . With this release , I sometimes feel like I 'm listening to elevator music but the sultry `` Forever February '' redeems it somewhat ; her cover of Marvin Gaye 's `` Do n't Mess With Mr. T '' is also interesting . Besides that , I should mention that Carter is an enchanting violinist . Go see her live performances .
 I love this record . And I am also a big fan of remastered re-releases -LRB- Bowie , Roxie , etc. -RRB- , but I was disappointed in the sound of this remaster . My Import version sounds MUCH better ... a lot more raw , more vital , better definition between instruments . This sounds like a lot of compression , and not much more . Buy this record , but do n't re-buy it for a better experience like I did .
 I was a little disappointed to receive this as a gift , then again I basically have every song issued on this 3 box set either from other Motown comps , or individual reissues on Artists on CD . I thought it would have been greater if They had expanded this beyond a 3 box set because have n't we all seen the 10 ten hits 25 times over in the last 40 + years , and then the second round on 2nd tier Hot 100 and certain Non-charters are also well documented . It would have been better to see Album tracks and great B-Sides up there too , I know Holland Dozier Holland wrote some of the greatest hit songs of the 60 's and early 70 's but it would have been nice to expan beyond the obvious singles that most of us already know , and pull some intriguing items from old albums , reissues and unreleased Material . To me it 's uncomplete when `` Any Girl In Love '' -LRB- The Supremes & Kim Weston -RRB- `` I Hope You Had Better Luck Than I Did '' -LRB- Marvelettes and Martha & The Vandellas -RRB- `` Call on Me '' -LRB- The Four Tops -RRB- or `` Wheels of The City '' -LRB- Barbara McNair & The Supremes -RRB- are n't among songs include ... this is yet another Motown cash cow ...
 Ok i admit . I 'm not a brain music expert . I really am not sure whether this CD emits sounds that will make me more creative or open up my alpha brain waves like the cover says . I 've tried and I do n't really feel any different . And yet I 'm admitedly intrigued by the warnings on the label that say `` do not use while operating heavy machinery '' and such . However , the cd provides only a single song - if you call it that - that lasts for an hour - and its really just a low thumpy staticy rain noise that remains fairly constant and does not ebb and flow . Nothing really mind blowing if you ask me . Also , the packaging looks more backyard than mass production leading me to believe the $ 23 price is also a bit high . Ok experts , flame away ! Tell me I 'm simply not smart enough to get it . Perhaps that is the case ... either way I guess i expected something different .
 This a terrible story - boring at best . I am sorry I wasted my time watching it .
 Well another one of my first dvd purchases ... I found this concert very poor ... it did nothing for me ... the sound quality was poor , The set on stage was quite good but lacked the final sparkle , Janet 's performance was glitzy ... but sadly something was missing ... my advice is puchase Janet 's later DVDS ...
 This must be the worst rendering of a live concert I have ever seen . I saw The Velvet Rope in concert and absolutely loved it ! This DVD however is a disgrace to Miss Janets talents . The sound is awful and the editing even worse . All the dance numbers have been slaughtered in the editing room and there is no way to see the great choreography . If you like 120 minutes of Janet close up then this DVD is for you . Otherwise we can only hope somebody makes a re-edit and remix version so the world can finally see a worthwile version of the concert . What a shame , what a waste .
 i was at the show . she lip-sync 'd the whole thing
 This must be the worst rendering of a live concert I have ever seen . I saw The Velvet Rope in concert and absolutely loved it ! This DVD however is a disgrace to Miss Janets talents . The sound is awful and the editing even worse . All the dance numbers have been slaughtered in the editing room and there is no way to see the great choreography . If you like 120 minutes of Janet close up then this DVD is for you . Otherwise we can only hope somebody makes a re-edit and remix version so the world can finally see a worthwile version of the concert . What a shame , what a waste .
 I know I am just writing this review now but the dvd I purchased was not in good quality . I am not sure it because the actual concert was 10 to 15 year old but I did not enjoy this copy at all.thank you , Charisse Chase
 Camera work and dance numbers were all greatBUTAudio is terrible ! Not sure which bonehead was in charge of mixing the DTS but there is no bass , no surround effect , no presence . I 've tried it with $ 5K + home theater setups and this disc makes the system sound as if they were $ 3 computer speakers . I had the same issues with the earlier release , with the hopes that the DTS was done properly . No such luck !! Way to go Eagle Rock
 This DVD could not be played all the way through . I tried skipping past the `` bad part '' but no dice ... it simply would not play . I was really looking forward to this video and will not buy from this seller again . The only good thing was that my money was returned -LRB- less the handling fee ! -RRB- Feel like I was penalized for using this seller .
 I saw this tour and the DVD was a big letdown . I thought the sound quality was poor , at best . Hollow and `` boomy '' bass are all I notice.I very much WANTED to love this video , but can not .
 Mostly crowd noises and Ms Jackson basking in the adoration -- did I miss something ?
 This DVD will not load in your player . You will get a message , `` this can not be played , not a compatible format '' . Hopefully Amazon.com will allow me to return this DVD . This was a bad purchase for me .
 Tried to play on two different Blu-ray players and it simply would not play . I could only get it to play on my computer . No good .
 I did n't really like it . The best part of the show to me was the intro.She seemed to never change that boring outfit . She was way too thin , and her outfits should 've been tailor made as they were drooping off of her . She appeared darker , and her hair was way too long and in the way.I do see some Madonna in here , but I do n't know who 's copying who because they both came out around the same time . But I guess Madonna beat her to the over the top concert extravaganza 's . I also saw some of the same moves that Michael did.Her most recent tour seems better than this .
 Janet Jackson works very hard.I will give her that But when she is n't biting Madonna , she is trying hard to be a 2nd tier Version of Her Brother which she will never be able to do.She ca n't sing & is a So-So Dancer.The Music & Production is what really has Her Name up in Lights in the First & Only Place .
 ok , first off , i am a janet fan -LRB- not hardcore , but casual -RRB- but this concert is such a rip off of Madonna 's Girlie Show ! The circus , clowns , strippers , masquerade masks , velvet curtains , top hats , women in suits and ties , dark lighting , it was all done in 1993 by Madonna . I do give Janet credit for choosing many of her hits to be in this show . HOWEVER , her songs do not have the same energy when they are performed live as the studio recordings do . For example , her performance of If is so lackluster musically , and it should n't have been . That song has so much energy in it , but here it kind of falls flat . Her performace of LEt 's WAit Awhile and Again though , was fantastic . very beautiful . the only thing that bothered me was at the end of that perforamce when she took about 10 minutes before she sang the final line of the song . I was like `` finish the damn song already ! '' . I was really looking forward to the Throb segment but was really disappointed . I know the song has very few vocal lines to begin with , but Janet barely even tried to sing THOSE ! seems llike she was just there while music played . ALSO , WHY DID THE DANCERS HAVE MORE COSTUME CHANGES THAN JANET ??? Hellooo . Janet wore the same outfit for the first 40 minutes of the concert while the dancers had at least 4 costume changes . JAnet finally changes clothes for the Escapade medly , but then CHANGES BACK INTO THE COSTUME SHE WAS WEARING FOR THE FIRST SEGMENT ! That white collar shirt and black slacks ... I 've never seen an artist do this before.Some of the songs are awkwardly placed . Special after Rhythm NAtion is weird ... why is she wearing her militant gear for a soft song like Special while pictures of her childhood flash on a screen . it also made me mad when she did n't sing ANY of the choruses for That 's The Way Love Goes but instead had the audience sing it . helllo , janet , helllooo ! Also , Any Time Any Place is just an instrumental not the whole song , that pissed me off too . The HIGHLIGHT of the show was Rope Burn when she brings that guy onto the stage , that was funny ! He was so excited . Poor guy , he probably almost had a heart attack when Janet kissed him.Anyway , this concert is enjoyable to some extent , i did fast forward thru some parts like Alright , I 've never really liked that song . Together Again was pretty weak as well , although i do like the song . Worth viewing once , but pretty forgettable .
 Need to be a hard core fan to like this one . Not a keeper .
 There 's nothing more to say about this concert DVD , except that it totally stinked ! I mean it did not capture my interest or even my excitement in buying it . The only saving grace for buying it is that it 's a music material from Janet Jackson , which unfortunately , I happen to collect . God , she is much more better in her albums , which of course are recorded and remastered -LRB- thanks to modern technology in music preservation -RRB- . I tried to watch the DVD , but only after a couple of minutes , i felt irritated and so annoyed , just by looking at the over-all production . I just thought that Madonna 's singing was terrible . Janet 's was even worse . At least Madonna 's voice has certain clarity and character for each of her songs . Janet , on the other hand , despite her great hits -LRB- I really do like her songs -RRB- , boringly sings with her monotonous thin and weak voice , like in this concert . Worst of all , she lip-synched the songs ! Maybe she is already having difficulties in singing as a result of her nose job.The concept of the concert is somehow copied from Madonna 's Girlie Show Tour of 1993 . In fact , Janet 's unconsciously trying to be Madonna in terms of artistry . Sorry Janet , you still need the guts and inventiveness to be like the true Queen of Pop.And my advice to all is , before saying Janet Jackson concerts are the best , you should watch first the Madonna concerts . You 're missing a lot in making intelligent judgements . As for the DVD , well ... it 's not a smash but rather a trash .
 Most bands , if they are around for long enough will release a suspect album . This is easily Fates Warning 's weakest . Musically it only redeems itself sporadically . Apart from some isolated moments , it sounds very uninspired and very commercial.The problems with the album are two fold , firstly , the overt commercial rock pretence did not work , secondly , the chosen style of commercial rock on this release , which sort of reminds me of 80s AOR was well and truly out of fashion by the time this album was released.The album was the second ` pop-metal ' oriented release the band attempted -LRB- the first was Parallels -RRB- . While trying to retain an essence of their progressive rock/metal past , most of the sounds , patterns and inflections are firmly rooted in commercial rock . Some of the material on this album sounds suspiciously like Queensryche . Writing in this style simply did not work . If your thing is ` pop-metal ' look elsewhere , there are much better examples of that style elsewhere -LRB- not this band -RRB- . Also , if your thing is progressive rock/metal , look at other albums by this band e.g. ` No Exit ' , ` Disconnected ' , ' A Pleasant Shade of Gray ' AND ESPECIALLY ` Perfect Symmetry ' .
 It was first FW album I 've listened to . And I 'm afraid I 'll never buy their CDs again . I do n't want to waste my money . Well , I 've heard FW is one of the prog metal monsters . Perhaps ... Dream Theatre , for instance , does n't have any such a pale album . This album has just some elements of progressive . If I have not heard it 's prog rock group I 'd never supposed it 's progressive . Ok , the CD now is in used CD department and I hope I 'll return some money .
 this is my least favorite album of all time by any band in any genre . F
 I really agonized over this review for a couple of days concerning what I would say about this album . I 've read many reviews of this album , and all of the reviews gave In Awe of You a positive review . I wonder if these reviewers listened to the same CD I did , because I found this debut lacking in so many ways . I ca n't deny that Izzy is a good looking man of God . He kind of reminds me of Donell Jones , with that hat and leather jacket . Unfortunately , Izzy 's CD cover is about the best thing going for him , musically . From the first , second , and third listen , Izzy is not distinguishable from any other newfangled gospel artist or mainstream R&B ; don . I do n't like comparing gospel artists to secular ones , but Izzy sounds like Usher-lite to me -- with a weaker voice -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- and weaker production.Upon the fifth listen , `` Destiny '' is starting to sound good . Izzy 's vocals are earnest , but just do n't reach the convincing intensity that the song aspires to . In fact , his background singers , who are a bit shrill , out sing him in the end.Largely , Izzy shines the most on the choruses , perhaps because the addition of other vocals bolsters his thin voice . I 'm no musical technician -LRB- I did play piano for a number of years though -RRB- , but Awe 's production seems to lack something . At times it just sounds chintzy , like the sound effects in `` You Are . '' The phantom `` awws '' remind me of the muffled sounds of a baby or cat crying in the background . The Gospel Flava review stated that most of the songwriting and production were in Izzy 's hands . If so , that explains it . Maybe he wanted to save $ . `` In Awe Of You '' and `` Never Let Go Your Hand '' are the `` worshipful '' cuts on the album . Again , you need more than a pretty piano and clich&eacute;d lyrics to convey the emotion of utter awe and reverence to the Lord . Staying on key helps too -- at least for the listener . Nuff said.However , the worst offense by far is Izzy 's cover of `` Heaven '' by Bebe and Cece Winans . Izzy 's voice is smooth but does not possess the robust quality of Bebe 's tenor . Likewise , the female lead fails to capture Cece 's crystal clear and contemplative soprano.The one bright spot ... I am so glad `` All This Love '' is not a cover of the 1982 Debarge classic . I would have been hopping mad if Izzy had botched it . Actually `` All This Love '' is one of the bright spots on the CD . It has a nice thumping beat , harmonic background vocals , an obligatory bridge rap , but overall clear lead vocals.I hate to say this , but you 're better off downloading this than buying this misguided attempt at being awe-inspiring .
 Almond sings off-key , but that is a longstanding trademark , and , oddly , creates a weird appeal regarding his singing style . The songs however are a combination of irritating and boring , with the notable exception of his duet with Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons . Their mutual effort is a winner and , if unavailable on other discs , makes this disc worth having .
 I find Karl Jenkins 's compositions difficult to comment on for other listeners because , while they are certainly unique , they are also very heterogeneous with parts that I find quite exquisite and other parts I do n't relate to at all . On this CD we start with what to me is a quite unnecessary reworking of the last movement of Beethoven 's Violin Concerto . This is followed by a quite beautiful vocal version in English of a Hebrew song of pilgrimage . Track 3 is more unnecessarily reworked Beethoven - this time a movement of the 7th Symphony . For classical works rendered as a cappella vocals -LRB- these here are not a cappella -RRB- , I think the group Accentus do a far better job . Tracks 4 and 5 are up-beat renderings of Dona Nobis Pacem from the Agnus Dei of the mass - somewhat in the style of Bernstein 's Mass. . Akruzam is reworked Chopin for voice and recorder and I find this quite beautiful until the masses Adiemus singers cut in . Tracks 7 and 8 from Weinberger 's Schwanda the Bagpiper again feature some reconstituted music mutilated almost beyond recognition . The singing in Bendigedig -LRB- the Welsh word for ` blessed ' -RRB- , a truly original Jenkins composition , is to my mind the best track on the disc and is quite beautiful . The Berceuse of track 11 has some playing on flugelhorn . The Aria from Villa-Lobos ' Bachianas Brasileiras No. 5 I much prefer in the original . Rachmaninoff 's sublime Vocalise is difficult to ruin , though this came close , but was one of the more endurable tracks on this mixture CD that ends with the bizarre Boogie Woogie Llanoogie !!
 Most bands , if they are around for long enough will release a suspect album . This is easily Fates Warning 's weakest . Musically it only redeems itself sporadically . Apart from some isolated moments , it sounds very uninspired and very commercial.The problems with the album are two fold , firstly , the overt commercial rock pretence did not work , secondly , the chosen style of commercial rock on this release , which sort of reminds me of 80s AOR was well and truly out of fashion by the time this album was released.The album was the second ` pop-metal ' oriented release the band attempted -LRB- the first was Parallels -RRB- . While trying to retain an essence of their progressive rock/metal past , most of the sounds , patterns and inflections are firmly rooted in commercial rock . Some of the material on this album sounds suspiciously like Queensryche . Writing in this style simply did not work . If your thing is ` pop-metal ' look elsewhere , there are much better examples of that style elsewhere -LRB- not this band -RRB- . Also , if your thing is progressive rock/metal , look at other albums by this band e.g. ` No Exit ' , ` Disconnected ' , ' A Pleasant Shade of Gray ' AND ESPECIALLY ` Perfect Symmetry ' .
 It was first FW album I 've listened to . And I 'm afraid I 'll never buy their CDs again . I do n't want to waste my money . Well , I 've heard FW is one of the prog metal monsters . Perhaps ... Dream Theatre , for instance , does n't have any such a pale album . This album has just some elements of progressive . If I have not heard it 's prog rock group I 'd never supposed it 's progressive . Ok , the CD now is in used CD department and I hope I 'll return some money .
 this is my least favorite album of all time by any band in any genre . F
 If you have the time and money get it but not much of what you do n't already know !
 I own this album in the original vinyl and a earlier CD release . I am always a sucker for a remaster , so decided what the heck . I chose poorly - the remixes just do n't sound right . For all I know , this 2006 version was the original intent , I hope not .
 If a music company wants to remix an old album they should put it on a second disc like Pearl Jam did with their recent re-release of 10 , not replace the original album mix like Mushroom is doing here . This new remix is not as good as the original versions of these songs . Wish they would remaster the original mix and issue it .
 I thought the dvd was concert footage and it is still shots with music . I do love this album from Motorhead though .
 This album offers nothing new or exciting to the genre of metal . This is reminiscent of mediocre late 80 's trash metal , with all songs sounding the same . Mid-paced tempos and simplistic solos abound , with moronic wayyyyy-out-of-date pretend-satanic lyrics and cartoony cover art . Just dumb , dumb , dumb . Want real thrash metal , aside from the Big Four ? Try Coroner , Arch Enemy , Arsis , The Crown , the Haunted , Hypocrisy , and a ton of others that poop all over this album from miles above .
 This idea was interesting on their earlier albums . If I listen to Oui ten times , I ca n't recall a single song , or even a single idea . Nothing here is memorable . It 's sonic wallpaper . If you like this record , you sure are in luck . There are thousands of boring , fungible records like this released in the mid-60s from Brazil , France , etc. . This is not to say that all of this type of stuff is worthless . Rather , now that the Sea and Cake 's output is an emotionally devoid genre exercise , there are many other mediocre examples to collect and savor . I 'm sure most of them are similarly `` positive , '' as our reviewer friend from Venezuela found Oui to be .
 Sea & Cake are critically acclaimed and have made some decent jazz pop in the past , but there is only one good song on this album , and `` Afternoon Speaker '' is it . It even gets a bit monotonous , but at least it 's perky and interesting . Pretty much everything else on there puts me to sleep .
 First of all , do n't even bother mentioning Sixty Watt Shaman in the same sentence as Alice and Chains and Soundgarden . Cantrell has more talent in his pinky than Sixty Watt has all together . If you want to check out real Stoner Rock , Kyuss and Queens of The Stone Age are a good start . This album is mediocre at best . Red Colony seems to be the only song I could really get into . Cool album cover though ! Maryland must have a really lame Stoner Rock scene , because out here in CA , Sixty Watt Shaman would go unnoticed .
 In all the years of my life , I 'm sure I 've never heard such an awful musical . No wonder it was a flop ! The story is ridiculous , the songs are silly and the music is incredibly bad . It makes COCO , BIG or LI'L ABNER -LRB- a trilogy of disastrous music -RRB- sound like WEST SIDE STORY . Among the ten worst Broadway musicals of all times , this one has the honor to be TOP 1 !
 Soul Decision are a good band . `` Faded '' I gave a 5 star review because the song was a crisply produced piece of pop that had great hooks and vocals and is very much needed today in the lack of imagination pop world today . `` Faded '' is very reminiscent of Wham ! and George Michael with the vocals to hooks to production . Great song.The album is good , but wears thin fast . The strong songs are `` No One Does It Better '' , the current single which is bombing at US radio `` Ooh Its Kinda Crazy '' and their Top 30 hit `` Faded '' . But the album fades fast with `` Gravity '' , `` I Do n't Need Anyone '' , `` Next Time '' . Trevor and company need to put stronger songs on their album ... alas George Michael did with Wham ! ... remember `` Careless Whisper '' , `` Wake Me Up Before You Go Go '' , `` Everything She Wants '' and `` Freedom '' all from the same album ... and there were more potential singles.The few strong songs ca n't carry an entire album . I am sorry but when I play this CD I keep playing `` Faded '' , `` Ooh '' and `` No One Does It Better '' ... the rest of the CD fades into oblivion.And the song `` I Do n't Need Anyone '' is a little too corny pop - it sounds like David Cassidy meets Bobby Sherman and give birth to the Brady Bunch ... Yes Go-Go from Wham ! was corny pop , but it was good , so was Partridge Familys `` I Think I Love You '' ... this is just tasteless bubble gum that falls flat and sounds like a poor version of Whams ! `` Freedom '' . The other songs are just bland ... `` Faded '' is definitely the strongest song on this CD , and standsout like a sore thumb.I give Soul Decision my best hoping that on their next effort they can do a little better in the music and hook department .
 Well , I admit it ... I was pretty excited about getting this one . I guess everyone has to go through that teenage phase at some point where they immerse themselves in the mainstream and actually like it . `` Faded '' had such a great , infectious beat , and `` Ooh , it 's kinda crazy '' had really grown on me . What I had n't expected was for those two songs to be the only two songs I really liked at all.To put it bluntly , I am quite certain that most of the people buying this cd will be hormone ridden girls between the ages of 8-12 . I guess it had n't occurred to me that the time that that happens to be the target group for boy bands these days . Even at age 16 when that nasty ` boy-band-liking ' virus polluted me , the music still felt too immature for me . The love ballads are about as corny , dull , and plentiful as a bad recurring nightmare with a few small breaks of tempory , fading hope in between . `` Only in my mind '' tries to break the struggle between these horrible fluffy love songs and monotonous songs that are plainly -LSB- duplicate -RSB- works that could just as well be dung by groups like the backstreet boys or O town -- but then that is probably the idea here anyway . Good looking guys ... wretched material . The one good thing about all of this is that the songs are pretty short -LRB- as most meaningless pop songs are -RRB- . I 'm not slamming boy bands in particular -LRB- I am actually a closet N'sync fan -RRB- but you 'll get this cd home , listen to it for the firt time and at best be optimistic that it may grow on you , ... listen again and realize that the songs have already gotten to sound pretty old and washed out . This may be appealing for all the tenni boppers who will plaster pin-ups of the semi attractive blond guys on their wall with all the rest of the boy bands but even if you just like good pop music , you wo n't be impressed with this one . I drones on until finally you lose all sense of why you bothered buying the album in the first place.Now 3 years later and well beyond the days of pop worshipping , I can say that `` Faded '' and `` Oooh , it 's . . '' still appeal to me for their catchy dance beat but the rest of the album will probably never inconvenience my ears again . I 'll probably keep this cd for those two songs and perhaps for a good laugh at what ` used ' to be popular 10 or 15 years down there road . But just to keep it fair , so that you know that I 'm not just giving this 1 star because I dislike the whole boy band genre , I would Highly recommend N'Sync 's `` No strings attatched '' instead of this . Even now as a fully converted electro/synth/goth fan I can most honestly say that I still enjoy that album . Even the mushy love songs that I will never truly care for no matter who sings them , sound better than the ones featured here.It has n't been that long since these bands were popular but I feel nostalgic already .
 What I go was the same old boy band sound at its worst . I really feel sorry for the group because only ONE song should have been released and that was `` Faded '' . It is the lone entertaining track on the CD . There was no creativity in the rest of the album ; only canned and simplistic bubblegum boyband pop . If you want to torture anyone get this CD and make them listen to it . It will turn them off of Boybands for the rest of their lives . It only asks one interesting question
 I do n't own this , which is surprising because I love to `` discover '' new acts . You want to know why I did n't buy this ? I do n't think they should even be allowed to sell this garbage ! `` When I get you all alone , I 'm gon na take off all your clothes , ai n't nobody gon na interupt my game . '' I could n't believe that a song like that could make it onto the airwaves . I know you 'll make fun of `` Genie In A Bottle , '' but I do n't care , it 's innocent and cute when a girl does it . When a guy sings stuff like this , I want to throw a rock at 'em !
 Okay ... I 'll admit that The TeddyBears got a good hit in `` CobraStyle '' ... however , someone out there please reference me back to a hit from the 60 's or 70 's that has the same beat and melody and a lot of organ and drums.Please ... it is driving me crazyTed in the Sanitarium Lobby
 Ray J Ray j Ray j whats goin on this album is crap theres about 3 songs with good beats on em but ray j 's vocals just screw them up . theres nothing great about this album or ray j.
 I previewed this album , and although some of the songs are pretty off the hook , I really have to ask
 I 'm sorry but Ray J ca n't sing worth a damn . Everytime `` One Wish '' comes on the radio I have to change the station - it 's too painful to listen to . I ca n't believe they let that one get past the studio ... please make it stop !!
 aside from the Fact that I was only trying to get the Cut He did with R.kelly `` Quit Actin '' , I was n't paying this cat no musical mind.Ray J is vocally tone challenged.he ca n't make up His Mind who is attempting to jack as a Singer.One Minute He wants some R.kelly , then Usher , Omarion , etc. . . Problem is dude ai n't much of a Singer.so i was surprised to hear any Record Company was actually gon na give Him a solo deal.but anyway I got the song I wanted & tunned out the rest.maybe if He is lucky he can get a gig on the UPN network.wait a minute I heard he got something linned up well stick to it & stay out of the Music lab .
 Apart from some reasonable songs -LRB- One Wish - Track 4 , War is Over Track 8 -RRB- , I really did n't feel like this album was all there . To be honest I have n't really taken the time to listen to most of the tracks & in hindsight I would n't have bought this CD . His talent is clear but a little more tweaking at the studio may be warranted !
 When i first heard his single `` One Wish '' i thought this is a good tune , but then he got to the second verse , i thought eh ? This guy cant sing ! later on his album came along , his vocals destroy his tracks , literally . Comparing him to other artists such as Mario or 112 , you 'll realize that he ca n't sing , full stop . Disappointing .
 Out of the whole cd Ray J has just good song called `` One Wish '' the cd is a mixture of songs that do n't make sense and he should n't be singing . I would not recomend this cd to anyone .
 Amazon would allow us to vote using negative stars . While we 're on the subject of radiation , maybe chemotherapy would be less painful and traumatic then listening to this garbage .
 Even though I never listened to Ray J 's music I always thought he could sing . When I heard `` One Wish '' on the radio I liked the song a lot because of the beat and overall sound to it . When I found out it was Ray J , I was shocked because the vocals sounded kind of horrible . Very recently he was on that show , `` Showtime at the Apollo '' and let me tell you it was embarassing . This boy could n't sing a lick . It looked like he was in pain and his voice kept going out . He was frontin like he was really doing something but you can tell he strains a lot when he sings and I bet the audience noticed it to . This has got to be one the worst singers in music history . He makes mediocre singers like Mario and Usher sound good . I really do n't know why he got a record deal with any company because his vocals are bad . I guess because he 's related to Brandy , who can actually sing . When you have that instant name recognition it usually gets you in the door rather you have talent or not . Even though I do n't own this CD I just had to write a review because his singing is so bad it 's hilarious . His songs sound nice , but it would be a plus if he can actually sing . So why would anybody waste money on this . I do n't care if the music is nice . When a bad voice accompanies it , it can be quite annoying and unbearable .
 Ray J is not a thug ... This as well as his image is all a FRAUD . It 's insufferable listening to all his whining . Even R. Kelly 's presence on `` Quit Actin ' '' and Mya on `` Sexy '' are not enough to save this garbage . Ray J take a hint and `` Quit Actin ' '' yourself and while you are at it stop singing too .
 I 'd make this guy go for good . I was listening to the rap/R & B station just to see what crap they would play . Well , some R&B and rap is good , but this is literally the most annoying song/album this year . `` If I had one wish ... If I had one wish ... If I had one wish ... '' . I wan na kill the person who wrote this song .
 THIS IS NOT A GREAT ALBUM . RAY-J LACKED A WHOLE LOT . MY SISTER WASTED HER MONEY , WE ALL DO N'T LIKE IT , FIRST ALBUM IS MUCH BETTER . SECOND , I DO N'T KNOW . `` WAIT A MINUTE '' WAS HOT . I WOULD N'T TAKE THE LAST COPY OFF THE SHELF . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO AN R & B FAN . THE ONLY SONG ON THERE IS HOT ARE '' WHAT I NEED '' `` BLUE HIGH HEELS '' AND `` ONE WISH '' .
 Thank God he stopped rapping , but now this album sucks too ! Glad it was free . He 's reppin ' Cali too - oh hell no ! The crazy thing is he tried working with some new and other producers like R. Kelly and Timberland and they did him wrong ! There are only three tight songs numbers 3 , 4 and 5 , all were produced by Rodney Jerkins , he ca n't be his sister though , this album proves Ray J just ai n't got it , maybe he could if he had just stuck with using Rodney Jerkins . But the beats are not supposed to make you tight , your supposed to make that beat what it is and more .
 Every time I hear that song `` One Wish '' it makes me want to throw up . I hope he never makes another CD .
 Raydiation is Ray J 's latest attempt at establishing a formidable singing career like his big sis Brandy . His first album Everything You Want in 1997 was looked over entirely , and 2001 's This Ai n't A Game garnered a little attention with his one hit song `` Wait A Minute '' featuring Lil Kim . Besides that , Ray J has had to rely heavily on his acting career and hosting duties on BET for anybody to be aware of his existence . His unsuccessful albums of the past will have little to do with the success of Raydiation considering nobody even bought the albums to remember how bad of a singer he truly is . But if Raydiation is the first time hearing his `` vocal prowess , '' then you 're in for a huge surprise -LRB- and not one of those good surprises either -RRB- . It seems Ray J is styled after a lot of soul singers that have had success in the R&B ; world . But no matter who he 's compared to , practically nobody sings as bad as Ray J . He enlists the help of R Kelly for `` Quit Actin , '' but that proves nothing except that R Kelly is the only person who can succeed at sounding like R Kelly . He tries in vain at getting philosophical on `` War Is Over '' featuring Brandy . But I think Ray J 's main problem is trying to sound convincing enough to believe any of the sexual suggestions that he puts on his songs . Like the songs `` In The Mood , '' `` Exotic , '' and first single `` One Wish '' might be good if somebody else sung the songs , but unfortunately they are all done ineffectively by Ray J. Straight garbage songs like `` Sexy '' featuring R&B ; has-been Mya , `` Unbelievable , '' `` Let 's Play House '' and `` Keep Sweatin '' with Fat Joe should have never been included on the cd at all . `` Blue High Heels '' is his attempt at being seductive like Chico Debarge and `` Centerview '' sounds like his vocal equal TQ when he sung about being on the `` Westside `` The only good songs on the album are the ones where he sounds like Ralph Tresvant , namely `` Anytime '' and `` Melody . '' If he was smart , he would release one of these songs to trick some of his doubtful fans into purchasing his cd . But no matter how you look at it , by no means are these two songs enough to even consider buying this album brand new . On the other hand if you like `` One Wish , '' this may be worth paying $ 3 when it hits the cut-out bin or the clearance rack in a few months from now -LRB- yes , I said months ... not years like most albums ! -RRB- . Like the medical treatment that some people have to endure , this Raydiation is something nobody wants to ever deal with in their lifetime .
 Ouch !! Major slip following first two releases which I love . Last two tracks -LRB- `` Cade Voce '' and `` Words '' -RRB- are almost noteworthy , but not quite ! Save your money on this one unless your a collector . Oh well - maybe next time .
 I stumbled upon Bebel at the bookstore with her first album . I rejoiced when I found a second and then when I listened to it could hardly keep myself away from it ! If I had listened to this album first I would have dismissed Bebel immediately as not worthy of listening to . Her cut of Night and Day sounds like she is drunk and her instrumentalist joined in in the partying . There were a few good moments when the real Bebel seemed like she would make an appearance , but these quickly faded . I would not purchase a fourth CD without listening to it in its entirety first .
 ... Tell you what , I bought this album off the dollar rack , from a store who knew what to do with such an album . And in hindsight , I should not have even spent a single dollar on it . I have even went so far as to try to give this album away , but somehow it always finds its way back into my possession . With that said , do consider the following in regards to this album : This entire album has what sounds like a synthesizer from the 80 's in almost every track , but oddly enough I guess Eric Burdon and crew thought it would sound good in 2001 : / -LRB- Hello ! -RRB- . Tracks 9 ` Sixteen Tons ' and 11 ` Tobacco Road ' are well known songs , though they are very hard to listen to . I do n't mean that they were recorded poorly , but rather they should of never have been recorded . The last track ` For your Love ' is not the Yardbirds version but rather an entirely different song , which coincidentally shares the same song title with the classic hit . These three songs are the reason I bought this album , and if would have known they 're dung , once again , I would have never purchased this album.After bashing this album , I do need to give Mr. Burdon some credit since this album is not entirely his fault . Eric is a legend in Classic Rock history , and should be respected as such . And , knowing that Eric faced many a heartbreaks in here carrier , of which , the biggest is the one he 's facing now while he 's trying desperately to rebuild his carrier . I personally think that Eric can , and should continue his musical carrier , but he will need better producing to do so successfully . What he does n't need are producers who are trying to make a quick buck on his name . And sadly enough , such projects as this are in fact destroying his carrier . Eric needs to find a better producer , one who has an ear and the capabilities of complimenting his rough bass voice with strong fundamental Rock and Roll sounds , as he once had with bands like the Animals.Sorry for such a negative review , but I know many people would agree , Eric should have never made this album .
 While this video is informative and a good source of information for older children , I do NOT recommend it for kids under 3 or 4 . My daughter is 2 and loves Elmo 's World -LRB- we have several other videos -RRB- so I figured this would be okay . WRONG ! She is now having nightmares and will not be left alone in the dark because she is afraid of fire . She even shakes with fear the way Elmo does at one point during the film . I think the subject matter is too advanced for her and better suited for older children .
 My son 's day care showed the Elmo Firehouse Video and he was very scared ! He cried so hard they had to remove him from the room . He is 21/2 years old . He still is concerned most days as we pull in the driveway that they will show it again .
 Tried to watch this using our ROKU -LRB- we 've watched other amazon content this way -RRB- , but when you try to watch , it says content not available . Annoying since the easiest way to search is online . Back to the search .
 My one year old loves 5 of the Sesame Street DVDs we ordered for her . This one however was a total dud . There was n't much here to keep a kid 's interest and the educational value was marginal at best . Look elsewhere .
 I bought this video thinking that it would be a great tool to teach about fires . Well , what it did was show Elmo scared half to death about a fire in which he was a part . They actually show him shaking and in a lot of fear , something that should not be shown to young toddlers . They do n't understand why Elmo , their hero , is so afraid and it really upsets them . Why they had to take such a great idea and ruin it is beyond me . There are ways to teach safety without scaring someone to the point where they can not hear what you are saying out of fear , which is what happens to Elmo in this video . Save your money - this one does n't do the job .
 Why are they still selling this ? Worth a laugh , but the feature is 30 minutes long and I bet your laugh wo n't last all the way to the end .
 Negatron is the worst Voivod album ever ... period `` Negatron continues the band 's crusade to discover strange new worlds `` I laughed when I saw this clip reviewing this album . Let me say that I have been a Voivod fan since their initial `` War & Pain '' album back in 1984 . I have enjoyed their progression from thrash/black metal through landmark albums like `` Dimension Hatross '' and `` Nothingface '' `` Angel Rat '' seemed too pop to me at the time but was also a great album on a song to song basis . The `` Outer Limits '' was a masterpiece ! Negatron is such a regression its almost sickening ! It 's almost like the band said `` everything we 've tried hasnt made us popular so lets jump on the agression bandwagon again '' This album lacks the trademark creativity and innovation that Voivod was known for . Do n't get me wrong ... when `` Killing Technology '' was released back in 1987 I was drooling over the aggressive , dissonant , heavy and unique sound . That album was fresh and heavy compared to the typical thrash sound of the time . I love old Voivod but its been DONE . Why go back to the earlier sound with a less talented bassist/vocalist and lousy uninteresting songs ? Negatron is just a bland & generic piece of junk . Snakes vocals werent top notch but he had a style all his own and his presense is sorely missed on this disc . Eric Forrest is a sorry replacement as he just seems to be going through the motions . His bass is mediocre at best ... totally lifeless compared to Blacky . Hell ... the session bassist that toured with Voivod on the Outer Limts tour could teach Eric a thing or two ! Phobos was a slight improvement over this poor excuse for an album but methinks Voivod should pack it in before they destroy their long and proud legacy .
 Sorry ... I gave this album a few spins but I still ca n't think of a one good thing to say about it . Except maybe that it will probably be the weirdest thing you 'll ever hear ... ca n't say it 's not original , but in this case that 's not necessairly a good thing . If you 're not familiar with this band , this probably would n't be the best album to start with .
 I gave this record a few listen and unfortunately it was not to my liking . This album is NOT what Voivod is supposed to sound . Eric Forrest brought in a `` death metal '' like voice into the band , Piggy and Away composed most of the music . This album is kinda like a re-hash on ` War and Pain ' with all the `` death metal-esque '' vocals and has very poor mix . The mix sounded like all the guitars , bass and drums are overlapping Eric Forrest 's vocals . You can bearly hear him singing . This album is pretty sloppy to my liking . Eric Forrest 's singing is unlike Snake and his bass techniques are unlike Blacky . His techniques are not bad , but not great either . It 's NOT what Voivod should have sounded like on this album . True Voivodians would be disapointed .
 Everyone who loves the legendary Voivod took a collective gasp when they discovered vocalist Snake -LRB- Denis Belanger -RRB- was leaving the post-apocalyptic quartet from Quebec.Not only was Snake melodic , often passionate , sometimes angry , or just plain fun , he embodied the vitality and spirit of a Sci-Fi world gone awry . We were all disappointed.Now that Eric Forrest has made two albums , we knew our fears were justified . Not only is he growling like any other sub-standard death band , but he generally gives you a headache after two Tylenol . We Voivod are now in the 30 's ! The music is pure mechanical noise without a shred of diginity or melodic honesty in its notes . The recorded tracks run together and the variation is nonexistent.The one depressing reality about all Metal bands is this . They will continue to milk the record buying public long after their creative talent has dried up . Voivod is no exception . They have effectively deluded the fans and themselves into thinking this crap is `` art . '' From the sales figures , though , I suspect they know better . Bad try guys !
 Often I feel some admiration for Stephen Pastel and the way he -LRB- and Aggie and Katrina -RRB- have stayed true to their course and vision with such dogged persistence . So dogged have they been that , having been reviled for years , they 're actually more respected than they 've ever been.It was with some regret however that I have to report that any admiration I might have evaporates whenever I actually HEAR The Pastels - to be replaced with a feeling of `` ca n't they find something better to do after all these years '' . Now , do n't get me wrong , as Pastels go this CD is a lot better than almost anything they 've ever done before - still does n't detract from the fact that this is music by indier-than-thou smug under-achievers made for a captive audience who are , if anything , even smugger . Some people , it seems , are content to stay in their little ghettoes.The lack of talent is excusable , the lack of ambition is not .
 First I have to say I am disappointed that I ended up buying a Drama Audio CD instead of a OST . While I love the Karin Anime , spending the money on something I do not fully understand is a bit aggravating.All that aside , I 'm sure the CD will be a treat to listen to . It unfortunately means my imagination will be in overdrive most of the time trying to create some semblance of what is happening.If you are a devoted Karin fan who likes collecting Japanese Audio Drama CDs , this is for you.If you 're looking for the actual Background Music to the Karin series , you 'll have to look elsewhere . You could start with www.play-asia.com . However , with Amazon.com always updating and changing , you may be able to find what you 're looking for.Enjoy ! ^_^
 This CD is not the music but a Drama CD . It basically has skits from the anime on it.Karin
 I am a big fan of lush , dramatic late romanticism , but this strangely programmed disc contains too much barrel-scraping even for me . The rationale behind the program is flimsy at best ; the music was written at approximately the same time , and Harris and Wagner were apparently friends - we get two melodramas by Schillings , one early symphonic poem by Siegfried Wagner , and two works by an English composer , Clement Harris -LRB- 1871-1897 -RRB- , who died tragically young . But the music has little in common , thematically or stylistically or even with respect to genre.I have enjoyed the installments in CPO 's series of the music of Max Schillings . One of those discs included his long melodrama -LRB- narrator and orchestra -RRB- Hexenlied , a modestly interesting though overlong piece . The two melodramas here date from 1900 -LRB- Kassandra was orchestrated by Konrad Bach -RRB- and constitute pretty thin gruel . The best thing that can be said about them is that Schiller 's poems are good , and they are decently narrated by Martin Neubauer . The music , on the other hand , is devoid of redeeming features ; trite , boring and hollow , empty of ideas and unimaginative , annoyingly getting in the way of the poems.Siegfried Wagner wrote some rather fine operas -LRB- do check out Sonnenflammen -RRB- . The ambitious tone poem Sehnsucht seems , however , to retain a toehold in the repertoire as well -LRB- there are at least three available recordings -RRB- . That does the composer no favors , for this is a rather uninspired , banal , overlong work -LRB- though it is clearly the best work on the disc -RRB- . If you absolutely need a copy , try Werner Andreas Albert on CPO , but you do n't really need a copy of this dull , clumsily organized and banally scored blob.Clement Harris died fighting in the Greco-Turkish war before reaching compositional maturity . Truth to be told , however , he does n't strike one as one of music history 's might-have-beens ; the two works given here do n't reveal the faintest trace of talent . The symphonic poem Paradise Lost is thoroughly episodic -LRB- suggesting that Harris had no clue about that pesky form thing -RRB- and unfocused . The musical language is eclectic , but the lack of an original voice is the least of the problems - the lack of a single decent musical idea , and the helpless lack of ability to orchestrate his music are far more serious worries . Tenth-rate , completely amateurish hack music is a not too harsh judgment . The Festival March is absolutely horrible . Performances are nothing to write home about . They are appropriately dramatic , but obviously under-rehearsed and unrefined . The sound is dry and hollow . In sum , then , this one is strictly for the specialist .
 The CD is n't what I remember about Liberace . He was a great performer and showman . On this CD , there is very little of his solo piano music . Very little grand piano type music at all . Most of what you do get is overshadowed by the background music . I was disapointed .
 This CD set is false advertising . On the box it says over 3 hours of tracks , but none of the CDs lasts over an hour . That , and the fact that it appears like it was made by some amateur over the Web with various soundbytes snipped together -LRB- I 'm exaggerating -RRB- are my biggest complaints.Only some of the tracks are even worth listening to . At first I found the dialogue somewhat fascinating , but it quickly faded into trite without much replay value . And beware , for some of the tracks are not even Beatle-related , it 's just music from that time period.And I 'm a big Beatles fan . My favourite albums are the White Album & Abbey Road .
 This album absolutely sucked . They are still living off of Dr. Dre 's scraps from ' 94 . Seriously ever since Snoop sold out and became some wan na be 1970 's style pimp , he has dropped off the map as far as importance to the rap game . Kurupt and Daz still have a little bit in the tank , but not enough to warrant buying this album . Anyone who says this album is good is only kidding themselves . Best advice
 In my mind , the best songs have that vintage Westside production from the likes of Soopafly , Battle Cat , etc. . There are a few great songs on here like `` Cali Iz Active '' -LRB- I loved the video for this one -RRB- , `` Thrown Up Da C '' , and `` Kushn N ' Pushin '' . Obviously , Daz & Kurupt come through the best when they 're backed by tight production . The problem is that most of the production is pretty forgettable.The first problem to jump out to me is the fact that Snoop and Kurupt are slippin ' lyrically . Daz even trips up on the mic from time to time , but he 's the most consistent on this album . Kurupt has his moments where you can still hear flashes of brilliance , but for the most part , he 's just coasting . Things become a problem when the lyrics AND the beat are boring . Tracks like `` Slow Down '' , `` Sittin ' On 23s '' , and `` Heavyweights '' would all fall into that category . Not only that , listening to three grown men well into their 30 's -LRB- all three of them are 33 years old with Snoop and Kurupt turning 34 this year -RRB- still rappin ' about gangbangin ' , smokin ' weed , and ridin ' rims is tired and somewhat silly . They are n't even trying to do better . To top it all off , `` Make That P * ssy Pop * '' , `` Fakin * ss H * es '' , `` Hard On A H * e '' , and `` Do n't Sweat It '' are straight up wack.Despite some generic content , Cali Iz Active has a few tracks with some pretty good production . I ca n't recommend buying it for that reason alone though . You may be better off downloading this album and testing it out before you actually pay for it . Personally , I do n't think it 's worth the $ 10 Amazon is asking for . This one is a skip for me.Standout Tracks
 Dont get it twisted . I used to love Dogg Pound when they dropped their best work DOGG FOOD . But ever since then Kurupt changed his style around and Daz has been slacking on the production . The only standout tracks are CALI IZ ACTIVE and KEEP IT GANGSTA -LRB- featuring Lady Of Rage -RRB- where Lady of Rage delivers a verse that makes these female rappers we have out now sound like pigeons cooing . Its all hood -LRB- featuring Ice Cube -RRB- might have been a standout track if it wasnt for the weak beat and the even weaker rhymes coming from the Dogg Pound . Filler
 Tha Dogg Pound - Cali Iz Active -LRB- KOCH , 2006 -RRB- And another entry in the long list of this year 's disappointing albums from veterans is Tha Dogg Pound 's Cali Iz Active . Kurupt and Daz still got that chemistry together , though ; it 's too bad that they 're rapping like it 's still 1992 . It 's really a shame because in the 90 's , Kurupt used to be really dope with his and Daz used to rhyme tight and produce tight jams . But on this album , Daz does n't produce anything -LRB- which is already a one-star deduction -RRB- and his and Kurupt 's rhymes are both uninspired . Overseer Snoop Dogg shows up a few times on here and though I can say the same about his deteriorated rhyme prowess , he steals the show from the Doggs . You can even look at the song titles and tell that this album would be unoriginal -LRB- `` Sittin on 23z '' , `` Keepin it Gangsta '' , etc. -RRB- . The saving graces on this album are productions by Battlecat -LRB- who is still severely underrated -RRB- and Soopafly -LRB- him too -RRB- . Also , the Ice Cube-assisted `` It 's All Hood '' adds some life to the party . `` Fakina ** H ** s '' featuring and produced by David Banner would also be good if the beat did n't sound like a rip-off of Jay-Z 's `` Dirt Off Your Shoulder '' . If Cali is active , this album should not be proof . How did 2Pac say it ? `` All you old rappers tryin ' to advance/It 's all over now , take it like a man . '' - EJR
 Tha Dogg Pound was banging 10 years back , but they lost there Groove long ago . the flows are tired & there are too many hands on the Production end . seems to be going through the motions & hoping to catch somebody feeling the vibe , but you just ca n't recapture where things were at back in the day . Snoop is just hall passing these days so him being on cruise control here comes as no suprise .
 THESE ARE NOT MUSIC VIDEOS ... DONT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT A MIXTAPE OF MUSIC VIDEOS .
 i purchased this thinking it was a music video dvd which it is not its more of a documentry with no videos
 Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the the selections on this disc have static & skip , in fact , the 2nd one just stops after a while . The product is virtually un-usable .
 Art Tatum is all the wonderful things anyone tells you -- one of the most delightful , masterful human beings to ever touch the piano , and these tracks help prove it.But the sound quality on tracks 1-11 of this CD is unforgiveable . I am used to listening to 78 's , so I well know to expect surface noise when listening to CDs of music from this era , but the noise on this CD is not explainable by the fact that it came from 78 's . I can understand the treble hiss not being rolled off , but it actually sounds like it 's been BOOSTED -- to the point where it 's very uncomfortable to listen even with your EQ cranked down . The same day I bought this CD , I had to clean up the sound quality with my computer software and burn a CDR just to be able to listen to the recordings without being in PAIN . I would expect far better from a big Jazz label like Verve . It sounds like no one at the company even listened to the CD master before sending it to the manufacturing plant . Art Tatum deserves much better.Don ' t let the carelessness of this CD company stand in the way of discovering Art Tatum . His other CDs are well worth pursuing !
 The song selections and Art 's playing are truly awesome , but , the sound quality of the first ten tracks is downright pitiful!Track # 11 , ` Wee Baby Blues ' with band & Joe Turner singing , ismore a novelty tune . The ` clean ' tracks , # 13 thru # 19 are allfrom the double-CD release
 The pops and hiss are a horrible distraction . Sounds like a cheap tape recording of a really scratched up record . Buy any other Tatum CD and you 'll be much happier .
 Why dont the people who chose songs for Mangione 's compilations , instead of just keep putting the same old songs on compilation after compilation , pick some new ones . Perhaps the only reason to buy this album is for `` Floating , '' as it is the only song not yet used for a Chuck Mangione compilation .
 My rating is for Amazon , not the product . I placed this order and just received a mail that it is not available . Why is the availability not updated ? I still see it being available now . Very disappointing
 I 'm no sure of the original release date , but it sure sounds like 1980 's style avantgarde stuff . Most of the sounds and `` melodies '' are virtualy cliche by today 's standards . If you like Eno 's `` music for airports '' this album will probably bore you and you 'd be better off with other Hassel albums or Harold Bud .
 Certain songs from naglfar are without a doubt outstanding esp . `` 12th rising '' , `` brimstone gate '' , but the songs off of Vittra all sound similar . I ca n't really decipher between them . Most of the riffs are n't capturing . It is hard to find the cd Diabolical which has the songs i mentioned above but already I can tell you that cd is better than Vittra .
 ever since game left 50 or curtis has had one flop after another 50 scooped up thgis wack rapper from cali to ereplace game and bragged vthat this fool would go platinum just because he 's on g unit well this wack cd flopped like everytrhing 50 droped in the last year .
 I dont see how any one into real brutal music -LRB- deathmetal -RRB- can enjoy such crap specialy because all the songs here sound exectly like the previous ... Why kids call repetition brutality ? I dont understand that and never will because ? Honestly ? I hate hardcore music because only winps and jocks enjoy this garbage . Hatebreed 's `` satisfaction is the death of desire '' has nothing good or great about it and all you straight edge fa * gots need to hang yourselfes ... I quess im too old for this new generation so i rather listing to my morbid angel or death or possessed collection insted of this and you realy want to listing to actual brutal music ? Listing to cryptopsy , disgore , severe torture , dyingfetus , necrophagist , and , devourment . Skip this trash .
 I like alot of music but this I dont.I dont even think this should be called music.Every song sound the same.This cd is plain horribal.Dont buy it unless your on the highschool football team so you can fit in with the other jocks .
 It 's interesting that Hatebreed gets so much for credit not following in the steps of Slipknot or Limp Bizkit , when they now tour with bands like that . Its also interesting in light of the fact that their music is basically identical to any alterna-metal band 's , except without what little talent or melody those bands possess . This band has as much to do with hardcore as Sepultura . I thought this was a joke band when I heard it . f you 're really interested in hardcore , put down that jug of Weight Gainer 900 , turn off your victory sampler CD , and order a Universal Order of Armadgeddon CD immediately . And stop wearing so much adidas , newjack .
 Hatebreed 's just another pesky `` hardcore '' band destroying the scene . A bunch of ... guys yelling about beliefs that are n't even their own ? Sounds kind of like Slipknot . That 's not the hardcore mentality , ... Hatebreed is the assumed forerunner of Victory Records , keeping good bands like Grade , Shelter , and Snapcase from playing main stage . Instead , they have to open up for a cross between nu-metal and rock and roll .
 nothing but chugga chugga beats , and exteremly repeative breakdowns and boring vocals , the worst of the worst when it comes to H.C. .
 1 -RRB- The intro , `` soulstar . `` 2 -RRB- `` youloveme , '' which should have been the first single , not `` forthenight . `` 3 -RRB- Somewhere between `` momentinlife '' and `` thereason . `` Otherwise , a less than stellar album .
 Musiq - Soulstar -LRB- Def Soul , 2003 -RRB- Okay , this is what 's known as `` phoning it in '' . Musiq dropped a hot first album -LRB- Aijuswanasing -RRB- , an okay second album -LRB- juslisen -RRB- and now this album which just sounds like it was something to fulfill a contract with . His `` speak-singing '' vocals are still intact and probably wo n't go away any time soon , which makes some songs drag like `` Babymother '' and `` Whereareyougoing '' -LRB- whyishestillputtingwordstogetherlikethis ? -RRB- . Another problem is that although he brings well-known guest stars in the mix , they upstage him like Kindred and Cee-lo on `` Momentinlife '' and Bilal on the otherwise mediocre `` Dontstop '' . Finally , where on his first album , lyrics were dope and original , the lyrics here are amateurish -LRB- the chorus to `` Youloveme '' , goes `` You love me/don ' t you , girl ? '' -RRB- . This is the main reason why neo-soul gets a bad rap as it is . For someone to boldly name himself `` Musiq '' , you would think that he 'd be dropping some scintillating , groundbreaking music . Not here . - EJR
 I got a song : why did i buy it?the second was wack tooi 'm such a foolfor those shades hiding cross-eyed dudesi hated the singleit was 9.99 how bad could it benow i 'm selling it for free
 I am a fan of Musiq - do n't get me wrong . I really liked his first two albums , so I was thoroughly outraged when I bought/heard `` Soulstar '' . Nowhere on the same level ! It lacks so much of the `` soul '' that ironically labels it . Honestly , pick up `` Dwele - Subject '' or `` Kem - Kemistry '' instead . This album is not hot , do n't believe the hype ! And whoever said that Musiq in on the same level as Maxwell , must be deaf ! At any rate , the best song on the entire album is `` forthenight '' -LRB- for the night -RRB- , which they play so frequently on the radio . If you 're curious , let one of your friends lend it to you -LRB- if they have it -RRB- , or ask them to burn it for you ... I would n't recommend blowing your hard-earned moolah on this soul-less atrocity . ; o -LRB-
 This CD STINKS WORSE THAN TRASH JUICE ... his 1st 2 albums get 2 THUMBSUP , but this is HORRIBLE ... which is why it 's best 2 sample music , before you purchase it , but some people are riding his NUT SACK SO BAD , they 'll even ACCEPT WACK MATERIAL LIKE THIS and JUSTIFY IT ... MISERY LOVES COMPANY , so they 'll POISON YOU w/IT , because they were BURNED FINANCIALLY , when they HEARD HOW BAD THE MUSIC & SINGING was upon listening to it ... that 's what happens , when you drop 2 successful CDS ... you feel your audience will succumb 2 anything you throw their way , like -LRB- Soulstar , or in my view , Soul_TRASH -RRB- ... seeing you people love WACK MUSIC SO MUCH , I wanted 2 inform you about an upcoming CD I 'm about 2 drop on my KARAKOE ... it 's titled , `` WICKEDY , WACK MUSIC and THE IDIOTS WHO SPEND THEIR HARD EARNED MONEY ON IT '' ... W/you guys -LRB- who rated Musiq current project 3 ~ 5 STARS -RRB- as an audience , I should be RICH in NO TIME ... 4get CREDIT CARDS , CHECKS , or MONEY ORDERS , w/dyslexics like yourselves , I 'm sure you 'll send me CASH instead ... My CD will hit the STORE SHELVES in 5 years ... but I know you 'll send your CASH in ADVANCE ... delivery usually takes up to 10 ~ 17 months ... thanks 4 the SUPPORT and God Bless you `` SUCKERS '' ... : -RRB-
 I asked my sister to buy me this CD as a birthday present , she must have got it mixed up with Halloween . You see I thought I was getting a treat and I got a big old trick.Neo-soul fans are so loyal but we have to call him on this mediocre album . The first album was hot , the second one does n't need a track skipped but this one is just monotonous . If this was his first album I would never have bought the second one.Carvin Haggins has recycled melodies to the extent that I keep thinking I 've heard it before , and Musiq 's tone is beginning to grate on me . What made Neo-soul so great in the beginning is that you could listen to an album and tell that the artists had laboured for months , putting their heart and souls into their products . Musiq just sounds apathetic . And if he does n't care then neither do I.We ca n't just allow artists to release boring music and call it Neo-soul . Real Neo-soul is innovative , passionate and makes a statement.He needs to come VERY correct on the fourth album or it will be curtains for him !
 By his second release , the bulk of his novelty had worn off . His live performances leave MUCH to be desired and thus far there are only flashes of musicianship on his studio projects . This third outing is no exception . He is still slinging words together , much like the majority of the arrangements . This has gotten old and quite tiresome already . This third outing , -LRB- Soulstar indeed !!!! -RRB- again , displays little effort , passion , or creativity . In an attempt to appear adventurous musically , the chord changes , again , highly suggests a `` let 's try this and see what happens '' attitude - I 'm sorry but when considering the costs of CDs these days , this is ample reason to be able to allow listeners to download exactly what they need/want . Consumers derserve better than this - the lyrics are mundane , the arragements haphazard - I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOO glad I did not buy this first ! I would NOT have been well at all ! Do yourself a favor - there are exactly 2 standout cuts on this CD - track 4 -LRB- forthenight ... geez -RRB- and something about Give Them Love -LRB- the last one -RRB- The rest of the cuts are most unforgettable .
 Every time Musiq comes to LA , I go to his concerts . The first one , I took 3 non-Musiq fans , and his performance made them instant fans . The second , he was an hour and a half late to the stage , so we were very annoyed . The third , he did n't take the stage until an hour after Vivian Greene was done , despite the fact that they had very similar set-ups . Yeah , his performance was good , but making fans wait so long is ridiculous , and shows that Musiq has gotten too far into his own hype -LRB- and is there really that much in the first place ? -RRB- . While Aijuswannaseing and Juslisen were good Cd 's -LRB- that are still in my player -RRB- I was tempted to throw Soulstar away . If you 're going to claim that you 're a star , you better at least bring some good material . The title track was a major turn off for me , as is his entire attitude that he 's the best . Musiq was better when he was still Soulchild . If you want good music try Dwele , Anthony Hamilton or Kindred . Soulstar is n't worth the money or the time downloading .
 I got the feeling when I was listening to this album that he was n't there musically or lyrically . The majority of this album is just pass&eacute; and I could take it or leave it . Forthenight is the only song on here that gets major play in my cd player , and he could n't even give you five minutes to really get into it . The other songs sound as if he was going off into left field . Now only if he could JustgivemeawholealbumIcouldlistentoo !
 and that is a reach.this Album has Easily His Best Music to date on it but the Cat ca n't Sing to Me & nothing every seems to change.now He is One Lucky Cat with all the Tribute Shows & Projects He gets to be down with.but as far as Being an Elite Artist?Don ' t Believe the Hype.thsi Album He is trying to tap into R.Kelly , D'angelo & Maxwell 's World & Come up way short .
 What 's good with this album . His first album was a classic and the second was good . This is just whack . His voice is not up to par like Glenn Lewis , Bilal , Maxwell and D'Angleo . Come on , are some of you people deaf ? He ca n't carry a note .
 Musiq 's first album , Aijuswanaseing , was critically acclaimed and commercially accepted . But then his follow-up Juslisen gave way to mixed reviews , although it was n't without its highlights -LRB- the leadoff single `` Halfcrazy '' was nominated for a Grammy -RRB- . Now he comes back with his third album Soulstar . The SOUL part is true , but the STAR part I 'm not so sure about.The main problem with this album is the production -LRB- which was also the main problem with Juslisen -RRB- . As soon as the first real song , `` Youloveme '' , came on , I was like , `` Oh no ! Not the ` Just Friends -LRB- Sunny -RRB- ' beat again ! '' Yep , that beat is overused once again on this album . You 'll hear it in at least five tracks . Musiq 's producers really need to step their game up.If you can look past that , you can still enjoy standouts like `` Forthenight '' and especially `` Whoknows '' . There 's also `` Babymother '' , which is a very interesting story . And `` Momentinlife '' -LRB- with Kindred the Family Soul and Cee-Lo -RRB- is okay , but I think it would have sounded better on Kindred 's album.Sadly , there are also a lot of disappointing songs on here . Such songs include the cheesy `` Womanopoly '' -LRB- containing a lot of Monopoly metaphors -RRB- and the failed party starter , `` Dontstop '' , which Bilal ca n't even save -LRB- did n't Musiq learn from `` Future '' ? -RRB- . And then there are also the filler tracks like `` Thereason '' , `` Infatueighties '' -LRB- with lyrics like `` She my Missy and I 'm her Timbaland '' -RRB- , `` Whereareyougoing '' , the pointless `` Leaveamessage '' , and the obligatory end-of-album we-are-the-world song `` Givemorelove '' . And his remake of The Rolling Stones classic `` Miss You '' neither helps nor hurts the album.Needless to say , I did n't really care for this album . Musiq 's first album is the best one he did , so your best bet is to stick with that -LRB- or maybe you should pick up Javier 's album instead -RRB- . This album definitely is n't going to make Musiq the Soulstar he 's striving to be.Anthony Rupert
 This by far was the worst of the three albums from Musiq . It definetly does not live up to the traditional Musiq style that I am used to . The lyrics are ok , but the beats are not as tight as the first album which was by far the best . Or even the second album which was not as good as the first but it was ok . It seems like with each album Musiq 's rhythms start to wander off . Musiq is known for his beats , rhythms , sounds and mezmorizing words in his songs . Did he get new producers or something ? If so he needs to go back to the original ones because this album is the worst by far . Musiq I know you can do much better !
 COME ON !!! I am a Musiq fan to the core . But we need more than just unclever words and same story scenarios . The only song worth listening to was the first one after the intro . I forced myself to listen to the rest . Womanopoly ? Baby Mama Drama ? What about love longs and decent ones at that . The second CD was a keeper . Musiq should practice his craft or lose a fan . Also ... stop remaking original songs if you DO NOT have the voice for it .
 I was pretty disappointed with this CD , and do n't think I 'll be buying another Musiq CD because he seems to be going downhill . He 's basically regurgitating the first two projects with not very much success . I really like Musiq 's whole vibe , hopefully it 's not too late for the brother to pick it back up again .
 I too bought this disc because Ray McVeigh is the guitarist . His playing on the Professionals `` I Did n't See It Coming '' record is incredible . The guitar tandem of Ray and Steve Jones -LRB- sex pistOls -RRB- on that record was , as far as I 'm concerned , the punk equivalent of Keith Richards and Ron Wood . Tasteful , catchy , weaving guitar lines that are stuck in my head forever.There is none of that here . Like many industrial records , everything is so sludged in effects , you ca n't make out any style at all . There are also appearances by a few other artists I dig , but the same problem exists there.If you need another industrial record , this is better than Filter , or any of that nonsense , but it 's nothing that 's going to change your life .
 Well whats to like about it other than the title track?The 7 '' version keeps a bit of the intro and still cuts out the outro . Deeper Underground -LRB- Chillington Mix -RRB- tries to have a more darker sort of industrial sound which sounds pretty mushy and terrible , as the vocals do not fit in one bit with the music.Overall though if you want all the songs , be sure to get the jewel case version as the cardboard slipcase with trays get annoying and damaged easy and its easier to have 1 cd with all the songs on it rather than 2 .
 What a disappointment . I was thrilled that Amazon carried this 2-set c/d , but when it arrived it was `` unplayable '' . With it 's usual efficiency Amazon provided a return label , and I re-ordered the product . The replacement too was unplayable . Obviously a manufacturing error . While I was very disappointed with the product , it renewed my confidence in Amazon to stand by their customer refund policy . This is why I buy everything I can through Amazon . You ca n't find a better guarantee on the internet , or anywhere else . Thanks Amazon .
 Well whats to like about it other than the title track?The radio edit cuts out a big chunk of the outro and some of the intro and the 7 '' version keeps a bit of the intro and still cuts out the outro . Wolf in sheeps clothing is 5 minutes of looping drums and bassline with cheesy 80 's synth over the top.Overall though if you want all the songs , be sure to get the 5 track jewel case version as the cardboard slipcase with trays get annoying and damaged easy and its easier to have 1 cd with all the songs on it rather than 2 .
 the songs are good tunes but the sound quality is not very good . on some tunes you can hardly hear the guitar that is muffled by the bass.in fact the entire cd sounds muffled . i would go with raunch & roll before this one
 Covert writes a bunch of non-sensical , sophomoric songs that my kids simply hate . This guy is a Barney-wannabe and this album does nothing to save his dignity .
 A really enticing title on this one , but does the music live up to the expectations the title itself elicits ? The answer is in general ` no ' , unfortunately . Much of the music remains strictly in the salon category , the thematic material is often dangerously thin , and the sense of adventure often missing . That is not to say that there is no interesting or worthwhile music here , just that one should n't raise ones expectations too high ; no higher , in fact , than if one had encountered any other disc of rare piano music giving one the opportunity to acquaint oneself with composers one has often heard of but never actually heard . The ` indianist ' movement of the first two decades of the twentieth century was influenced by the recording of original tribal chants , but partly also motivated by a reaction to the German musical tradition and therefore drawing on inspiration from various popular or native sources in the US -LRB- the jazz-influence seemed more lasting - the indianists were a curious alternative that never really went anywhere -RRB- . If it can really be termed a ` movement ' , it was probably lead by Arthur Farwell , a composer whom it seems to be worthwhile to investigate further . But none of the composers here are Bartok or Kodaly , exactly , and most efforts to incorporate native music seems to have resulted either in standard salon pieces with certain exotic elements , or more authentic-sounding but stodgily constructed works.Charles Cadman 's Land of the Sky-Blue Water belongs to the former category . It is based on an Omaha love-song and is a charming work without a trace of originality , although rather lovely and worth hearing . Charles Skilton 's Sioux Flute Serenade sounds a little more original , and the Cheyenne War-Dance even more so -LRB- as with the Kikapoo Social Dance -RRB- but while the material is original , Skilton 's compositional limits are unfortunately all to audible - the figurations and developments there are seem strangely out of place and latched onto material for which they do n't quite fit . Preston Ware Orem 's American Indian Rhapsody is Lisztian in conception and worth a listen , but light , unoriginal and not particularly memorable.Edward MacDowell 's Dirge -LRB- transcribed by Otto Taubmann -RRB- is not a bad piece , but more effective in its original orchestral clothing , and one has to be pretty charitable to hear the Native Amerrican influence . Henry Gilbert 's Indian Scenes are rather fine pieces with a hint of originality - somewhat austere and solemn , but definitely among the more successful attempts on the disc . Harvey Loomis 's Lyrics of the Red Man are , however , simple harmonizations of Native American melodies - the curiosity value is indubitable , and they are probably of musicological value as well . Their merit as concert pieces is , however , rather dubitable . With George Templeton Strong 's Une Jeune Indienne we are back to the salon ; again a colorful and appealingly wistful work of no lasting value.Interest picks up with the two short items by Arthur Farwell . A Song of Peace , inspired by the Omaha Sacred Pipe ceremony is interestingly impressionistic and possibly the single most worthwhile item on the disc , although Debussy seems to be a more prominent influence than native American music . The Navajo War Dance is banal and stereotypical -LRB- think depiction of savage Indians in 50s Hollywood movies -RRB- more than genuine - something Farwell was , according to the booklet , well aware of -LRB- it was written to appease prejudiced critics -RRB- . Blair Fairchild 's Some Indian Songs and Dances are evocative but hardly profound . They are supposedly written ` in the manner of Indian themes ' - I can not judge whether that is correct , but the result is anyway a collection of modestly appealing trifles without anything sounding very original or memorable.Dario Muller seems committed enough , but lacks the last ounce of sensitivity in these performances . He is not helped by a somewhat clangy , perhaps even slightly distorted , recorded sound . All in all , then , this disc is mostly for the specialist - some nice works here , true , which are worth a listen ; but I would frankly not go out of my way to acquire it .
 Hardly anything past exotic stepcercise playing at your local gym save the oft-cited and featured-elsewhere PNG .
 I decided to pick this up after hearing Lifeforms , and hearing several great things about `` Papua New Guinea '' . Believe the hype about `` Papua New Guinea ! '' It 's a mid-tempo ambient house masterpiece that has aged marvelously . The rest of the album however , is just kind of blah . FSOL try their hand at up-tempo acid house , and the results are mediocre at best . Some tunes are decent if unmemorable -LRB- `` Calcium '' and `` Expander '' -RRB- , but most are just cheesy and un-catchy . And while the album as a whole is lackluster , you still need to hear `` Papua New Guinea '' , which can be done either by purchasing this album , or one of the two single releases for the song -LRB- of which Translations appears to be the better of -RRB- . That song alone is worth the price .
 This is not an album to dance to , nor is it one to work-out to . There is no steady beat/musical-rhyme to this album -LRB- except for Papua New Guinea , which is the saving grace of this album in my opinion -RRB- . I ca n't seem to fit this music to any mood , so unfortunately I have to rate it down .
 The Searchers are still touring and I saw them last year in Bay Shore , new York state . This album here is fine , BUT the group 's work is much more worth getting INTO . We need the biggest most complete set possible . It is hard to get new listeners to hear some of their best songs
 Save your money and just buy any Curve album . Garbage wo n't sound too original anymore .
 Garbage is an alright band . I 'd heard them live BEFORE they became huge . Still , this album fails to match their true potential ... this is really weak .
 I dont know what many people saw in this album , but i feel a rethink is due for . Appaling melodies , pathetic excuses for a beat . And the whining of some over privlaged rock stars who obviously feel as though they deserve more . Any attempt to throw in the odd tune is discarded for some strange attempt at `` art rock '' BORING
 Garbage 's first , self-titled , album was extraordinary . `` 2.0 '' is an overproduced , watered-down , record-label-spawned creation that 's not worthy of the band . It 's not that it 's bad - it 's that it 's not good , and you 'll be better off listening to the first album a hundred times rather than the first fifty times and this one fifty times.My advice to the band ? Ditch the big-name producer and get back into a studio on your own , playing on your own . There , hopefully , you 'll find what you lost in between the first and second albums .
 So , what do these guys do?I 've always tried to listen to this band but have never sucessfully `` gotten into it '' . They seem to have everything -- great production , concrete songwriting ... What went wrong ?! Why do n't these songs stick ? I 'm a big MBV and Curve fan . These guys wrote some classics . Curve seems to have explored all of the dance/rock big sound directions that Garbage rehashed , except their vision far trancends their comparisons . Garbage -LRB- 1,2 , or 3 -RRB- to me just sound like Curve 's Cukoo -LRB- my least favorite curve album . -RRB- Catchy , up-front , textural , rock based with fine treatments/synths ... I have n't figured out what these guys do that is new ? They 're not as dance-trashy as Republica , not as inovative or thick as Curve or like a Blondie stripped of the fun . I do n't feel the emotion . It 's like their purpose is to make a sale rather than make a statement.The whole idea behind this band feels watered down -- like they took all of the sound of the bands mentioned above and regurgitated it into a language the average teenager can divoir . This , to me , is n't the most respectable approach to songwriting . Creed took a lot of flack for rehashing Pearl Jam , but they sold records.I do n't think Garbage is that bad . I 'd perfer it to Nelly . Garbage skip over inovation and jump right to the point -- a flashy pop song . Hooray -- producers who figured out how to churn out some albums . This stuff should be my style -- just like Oasis . Everything in the genre is great BUT them.If youre enraged by this review you should pick up Curve 's Doppelganger or Dubstar 's Goodbye -- there 's new stuff in there for you . The new Ladytron is a sincere emotive effort too . If your not angry at something get a good Blondie album -LRB- or you should steal -LSB- not buy -RSB- the new Gwen Stefani then slit your wrists -RRB- .
 Songwriting lacks creativity , almost all straight major chords . Singer has good voice . There 's much better electronica available .
 I give this effort one star -- for ambition . The rest is just blank air . The lead singer emotes like a tin can and the music is a good reason why grunge is dying . This album gives us good reason why the band is named GARBAGE .
 I expected a lot more from Garbage . I bought this cd in hopes that it would be really great but only found satisfaction with four songs out of the rest of the 12 tracks . Three of these four songs are out on the radio anyway . My rating ? I 'll give version 2.0 a C + for a good attempt
 Garbage has great potential , but honestly , I expected something better than this . The first disk was wonderful
 I 'm going to avoid making any bad garbage/trash jokes and explain precisely why the eagerly anticipated follow-up to Garbage 's seminal debut is only worthy of two stars . Quite simply , it 's so good it 's really awful . Confused ? Let me elaborate ... Every song on this album is great . You listen to it and realise just how far Garbage has matured as a band . The songs are incredibly well written , the vocals fit perfectly with the music , the loops slide seamlessly into one another , it 's catchy , it 's harmonious , it 's ... well , to be honest , dull . I listened to the whole album and during every song I said to myself
 The band tried to pioneer a little too much into dance and electronica too early . Though `` The Trick ... '' was the only good song with their new sound , `` Hammering ... '' and `` Sleep Together '' seem to be overusing the guitar sound , ruining two of the twelve songs.If Garbage wants to adjust their sound a little bit , they should stick to the elements of `` Special '' and `` The Trick ... '' and go from there .
 This record gives one a nightmare . This kind of music needs to stay in the nineties where it belongs .
 This album is the epitome of ear candy . Yes it sounds very fun and `` modern '' , but repeated listening reveals a hollow core to the music . Particularly grating is Shirley Manson 's pathetic attempt at being a mildly threatening , yet introspective sex symbol . When you ignore Manson 's nauseating and pretentious lyrics , there is still the problem of the highly derivative nature of the music . There is not a single song on this album that does not `` reference '' an already relatively well-known song.The uninspired lyrics and derivative music can be overlooked if the music is good . But the music lacks `` soul '' . `` Soul '' is something intangible , but I think it shows through when you give music close , repeated listening . A truly good , `` soulful '' album should grow better each time you listen , revealing more depth . I 've listen to this album in its entirety many times and the music on the album dimishes with each listen . I guess you have to listen to the album a lot to understand what I 'm saying . So borrow a friend 's album or just take my word for it.So one star for the band 's decent grasp of pop music , and another star for the band 's studio tricks . Sure , this album is nice to listen to when you 're driving around the town now , but you wo n't be reaching for this album very often 5 years down the line .
 The single was good , did n't like anything else
 The only value in the cd is Sting and it is only one song.Spend your money on something else or buy a whole cd of sting , not justy one song.You will be glad you did .
 I am very disappointed with this CD set . I hardly recognize the sound on many songs . My favorite is Georgia on My Mind . I never heard a rendition like the one in this set . It is terrible . I am sorry I made this purchase .
 I am really disappointed with the quality of this 2 CD set . Plus , I was n't able to find a track list anywhere , and I was missing a LOT of songs I was looking forward to having .
 Do n't make the same mistake I did !!! First of all , there are only 6 discs , NOT the 7 discslisted ! And , if you are interested in quality - meaning you 'd like to hear these songs sung by the actual people who made them famous - then DO N'T buy this product !!!
 My son was very excited as we put the CD in the player ! But when the music started , he was very unhappy !! The songs do n't sound anything like the ones on the show . The melody and pace are different - and the performers are n't interesting . DO N'T BUY if you are familiar with the ` REAL ' songs .
 The CD cover shows the ` performer as Noddy ' . However , the songs are sung by various artists . They liked the songs , but my grandchildren were disappointed . They thought they would hear the voices heard on the DVD 's .
 R.Kelly is clearly one of the most overrated R&B ; singer/producers working in urban music today . On the production side he 'll never hold a candle to the greats like Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis , Babyface or Quincy Jones . Vocally Kells will never touch Johnny Gill , Brian McKnight , Joe and the late great Luther Vandross . In my opinion TP3
 The duet with Steve Gillette -LRB- track 18 -RRB- is actually a recording of another friend of Steve Gillette 's , not Jennifer Warnes . How tacky ! How could RAVEN have missed that ? I had to adjust the volume knob about five or six times . There is an odd `` wow '' falloff at the end of `` These Days '' . Sounds like the engineer stopped the turntable manually.Jennifer Warnes was obviously not involved in the creation of this compilation . Too uneven , badly mastered .
 Lou dissapoints even his celebrity audience here -LRB- Andy Warhol manages to look even more bored than usual -RRB- with a decidedly off night . He is drugged up to the eye-balls and displays some frankly frightening facial contortions and twitches whilst struggling to make it to the end of this gig . His eyeballs roll o the back of his head and he performs guitar solos hunched in a little ball with his back to the audience.His band is composed of an effeminately ineffectual drummer and a lead guitarist who should be sent back to the greasy diner where Lou found him . Needless to say they can do nothing to mask his inebriated state -LRB- even the Hunter/Wagner band would have had difficulty -RRB- . The production is pretty shoddy , bad camera work , so overexposed that Lou looks as if he 's had an accident with some fake tan lotion . And just to top it off they cut out all the bits where he talks between songs - often the most entertaining parts of his concerts.How this performance ever made it to VHS let alone DVD is a wonder , especially considering that neither the mind-blowing ` Velvets Redux ' reunion tour nor Reed 's intense collaboration with John Cale ; ` Songs for Drella ' are available in this format.And if you do n't believe me you can hear it from Mr Reed himself at the end of the concert when he is filmed telling the guys running the show that the venue had bad acoustics and that this is n't the sort of gig that anyone should keep a tape of .
 a long time lou reed fan was so looking forward to recieving this dvd . if you are entrenched into the talent and feeling and soul of the lou reed album rocknroll animal , you will be so disapointed with this dvd . sweet jane and rocknroll i swear could be played better by a holiday inn cover band . save your money .
 i have listened to this single and i want to feed it to the garbage can man . I urge you to avoid it at all costs , you will not notice the insipidly simple tune working it 's way into the core of your being and thus transform you into a similar state of insipid simplicity . For kylie minogue i can find many uses - for her music i find none .
 When I first heard this song , I laughed . I thought to myself
 Little Joe and The Latinaires `` Arriba ! `` Released in 1968 by Buena Suerte Records , owned by Little Joe and the band 's foreman Tony Matamoros , as BS-1001 . It was Buena Suerte 's first release . This also marks the last album were Little Joe played the guitar for the band.The notes on the back cover of the album were written by Sunny Ozuna.The CD version was released in 2005 by TDI -LRB- Tejano Discos International , owned by Little Joe -RRB- and they show a date of `` 1966 '' for some reason . They should be ashamed of releasing such an incomplete project . First , there are only nine of the original 12 tracks on the album -LRB- they left out
 Every great band has a `` moment ; '' a time when they are at their most brilliant , most socially relevant , most musically profound . For the name-changing , member-changing band that was once known as Jefferson Airplane , this DVD is not only NOT that moment ; it 's not even close.Message to Grace
 A bad idea?I agree with Kireviewer , if you care about the music , it 's hard to get past the dumb opening , a host who even Will Rodgers could n't like , a set apparently built in a high school shop class , and the many annoying interruptions . They took a too short concert , and turned it into a bad , too long music video . I guess the mindless filler was necessary to get the length up to the claimed 1 hour . The music is OK , but it was neither the band 's best period , nor their best work .
 What were they thinking ? The music on this DVD is OK , in the three to four star range , but is has a juvenile begining and breaks between the songs.It comes from a 1983 concert when Grace Slick and Micky Thomas were the lead singers . This was the Jefferson Airplane/Starship `` Corporate Rock '' period when they were at their most popular . It was n't one of the best periods in Rock and Roll . This bland arena rock was competing with Disco , creating an artistic void that was filled by Punk . Grace Slick is dressed up as a cross between Joan Jett and Pat Benatar . Paul Kantner looks pretty ridiculous , too.Compared to the Jefferson Airplane , and the early Starship , it is easy to take potshots at this eighties version . But , Slick and Kantner are excellent song writers and they recruited two excellent songwriters/musicians in Pete Sears and Craig Chaquico . They still were one of the better Corporate Rock bands of the period.This DVD is about 60 minutes long and consists of 14 songs , mostly the Starship hits of the eighties . There are also nice renditions of White Rabbit and Somebody To Love . The songs are played with alot of energy and there are some nice , but short solos for Sears and Chaquico . But , since the DVD is only an hour , only the hits are included , and the group never really opens up . During this period , Sears used to perform an amazing base solo that is sadly missing here . A full concert DVD would have been much better.The real problem with this DVD is the opening and breaks that come every 3 songs . There is this cheesy sci-fi set with this moron introducing the songs . It looks alot like Mystery Science Theatre 3000 , only not funny and totally inappropriate . It is bad enough to have it at the beginning , but with it inbetween songs , it really breaks up the flow of the music .
 Jefferson Starship at the time -LRB- 1983 -RRB- had released 3 outstanding albums , Freedom at Point Zero , Modern Times , Wind of Change . If anyone had the opportunity to see the band with drummer Ansley Dunbar , You know how disappointing this video is . Unfortunately , when listening to songs like `` Stranger '' you could hear the bands new drummer -LRB- ??? -RRB- the mistakes and missed drum fills . It 's a shame that the band never released any Video performance of the band with Dunbar . It 's a good mix of song selection . Too bad they didnt fine tune the playing . -LRB- Why didnt they play `` Save Your Love '' `` Lightening Rose '' `` RockMusic '' -RRB-
 Apparently there 's no video available from the Marty Balin / Papa JohnRed Octopusera . Too bad ... when the first Starship album , Dragon Flywas released -LRB- Blows Against the Empirewas a Kantner solo project -RRB- , it was such an improvement over the final Airplane albums that the future seemed bright indeed . The final Grace and Marty album , Earth , showed that the second incarnation of the Airplane / Starship / whatever might be running out of steam . The first Mickey Thomas album , Freedom at Point Zero , was n't bad , but it soon became obvious that the Thomas-fronted version of the band was going after the MTV crowd with a vengeance.As theJefferson Starship . Platinum & Gold CollectionCD illustrates , there were a few tunes from the Thomas era that could be considered `` Greatest Hits , '' but when it comes to this DVD ... an exercise in Grace being back in the fold and Mickey filling the Marty chair ... it 's not the band 's shining hour.Jeff Tamarkin 's excellent bioGot a Revolution !
 1 -RRB- The intro , `` soulstar . `` 2 -RRB- `` youloveme , '' which should have been the first single , not `` forthenight . `` 3 -RRB- Somewhere between `` momentinlife '' and `` thereason . `` Otherwise , a less than stellar album .
 Musiq - Soulstar -LRB- Def Soul , 2003 -RRB- Okay , this is what 's known as `` phoning it in '' . Musiq dropped a hot first album -LRB- Aijuswanasing -RRB- , an okay second album -LRB- juslisen -RRB- and now this album which just sounds like it was something to fulfill a contract with . His `` speak-singing '' vocals are still intact and probably wo n't go away any time soon , which makes some songs drag like `` Babymother '' and `` Whereareyougoing '' -LRB- whyishestillputtingwordstogetherlikethis ? -RRB- . Another problem is that although he brings well-known guest stars in the mix , they upstage him like Kindred and Cee-lo on `` Momentinlife '' and Bilal on the otherwise mediocre `` Dontstop '' . Finally , where on his first album , lyrics were dope and original , the lyrics here are amateurish -LRB- the chorus to `` Youloveme '' , goes `` You love me/don ' t you , girl ? '' -RRB- . This is the main reason why neo-soul gets a bad rap as it is . For someone to boldly name himself `` Musiq '' , you would think that he 'd be dropping some scintillating , groundbreaking music . Not here . - EJR
 I got a song : why did i buy it?the second was wack tooi 'm such a foolfor those shades hiding cross-eyed dudesi hated the singleit was 9.99 how bad could it benow i 'm selling it for free
 I am a fan of Musiq - do n't get me wrong . I really liked his first two albums , so I was thoroughly outraged when I bought/heard `` Soulstar '' . Nowhere on the same level ! It lacks so much of the `` soul '' that ironically labels it . Honestly , pick up `` Dwele - Subject '' or `` Kem - Kemistry '' instead . This album is not hot , do n't believe the hype ! And whoever said that Musiq in on the same level as Maxwell , must be deaf ! At any rate , the best song on the entire album is `` forthenight '' -LRB- for the night -RRB- , which they play so frequently on the radio . If you 're curious , let one of your friends lend it to you -LRB- if they have it -RRB- , or ask them to burn it for you ... I would n't recommend blowing your hard-earned moolah on this soul-less atrocity . ; o -LRB-
 This CD STINKS WORSE THAN TRASH JUICE ... his 1st 2 albums get 2 THUMBSUP , but this is HORRIBLE ... which is why it 's best 2 sample music , before you purchase it , but some people are riding his NUT SACK SO BAD , they 'll even ACCEPT WACK MATERIAL LIKE THIS and JUSTIFY IT ... MISERY LOVES COMPANY , so they 'll POISON YOU w/IT , because they were BURNED FINANCIALLY , when they HEARD HOW BAD THE MUSIC & SINGING was upon listening to it ... that 's what happens , when you drop 2 successful CDS ... you feel your audience will succumb 2 anything you throw their way , like -LRB- Soulstar , or in my view , Soul_TRASH -RRB- ... seeing you people love WACK MUSIC SO MUCH , I wanted 2 inform you about an upcoming CD I 'm about 2 drop on my KARAKOE ... it 's titled , `` WICKEDY , WACK MUSIC and THE IDIOTS WHO SPEND THEIR HARD EARNED MONEY ON IT '' ... W/you guys -LRB- who rated Musiq current project 3 ~ 5 STARS -RRB- as an audience , I should be RICH in NO TIME ... 4get CREDIT CARDS , CHECKS , or MONEY ORDERS , w/dyslexics like yourselves , I 'm sure you 'll send me CASH instead ... My CD will hit the STORE SHELVES in 5 years ... but I know you 'll send your CASH in ADVANCE ... delivery usually takes up to 10 ~ 17 months ... thanks 4 the SUPPORT and God Bless you `` SUCKERS '' ... : -RRB-
 I asked my sister to buy me this CD as a birthday present , she must have got it mixed up with Halloween . You see I thought I was getting a treat and I got a big old trick.Neo-soul fans are so loyal but we have to call him on this mediocre album . The first album was hot , the second one does n't need a track skipped but this one is just monotonous . If this was his first album I would never have bought the second one.Carvin Haggins has recycled melodies to the extent that I keep thinking I 've heard it before , and Musiq 's tone is beginning to grate on me . What made Neo-soul so great in the beginning is that you could listen to an album and tell that the artists had laboured for months , putting their heart and souls into their products . Musiq just sounds apathetic . And if he does n't care then neither do I.We ca n't just allow artists to release boring music and call it Neo-soul . Real Neo-soul is innovative , passionate and makes a statement.He needs to come VERY correct on the fourth album or it will be curtains for him !
 By his second release , the bulk of his novelty had worn off . His live performances leave MUCH to be desired and thus far there are only flashes of musicianship on his studio projects . This third outing is no exception . He is still slinging words together , much like the majority of the arrangements . This has gotten old and quite tiresome already . This third outing , -LRB- Soulstar indeed !!!! -RRB- again , displays little effort , passion , or creativity . In an attempt to appear adventurous musically , the chord changes , again , highly suggests a `` let 's try this and see what happens '' attitude - I 'm sorry but when considering the costs of CDs these days , this is ample reason to be able to allow listeners to download exactly what they need/want . Consumers derserve better than this - the lyrics are mundane , the arragements haphazard - I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOO glad I did not buy this first ! I would NOT have been well at all ! Do yourself a favor - there are exactly 2 standout cuts on this CD - track 4 -LRB- forthenight ... geez -RRB- and something about Give Them Love -LRB- the last one -RRB- The rest of the cuts are most unforgettable .
 Every time Musiq comes to LA , I go to his concerts . The first one , I took 3 non-Musiq fans , and his performance made them instant fans . The second , he was an hour and a half late to the stage , so we were very annoyed . The third , he did n't take the stage until an hour after Vivian Greene was done , despite the fact that they had very similar set-ups . Yeah , his performance was good , but making fans wait so long is ridiculous , and shows that Musiq has gotten too far into his own hype -LRB- and is there really that much in the first place ? -RRB- . While Aijuswannaseing and Juslisen were good Cd 's -LRB- that are still in my player -RRB- I was tempted to throw Soulstar away . If you 're going to claim that you 're a star , you better at least bring some good material . The title track was a major turn off for me , as is his entire attitude that he 's the best . Musiq was better when he was still Soulchild . If you want good music try Dwele , Anthony Hamilton or Kindred . Soulstar is n't worth the money or the time downloading .
 I got the feeling when I was listening to this album that he was n't there musically or lyrically . The majority of this album is just pass&eacute; and I could take it or leave it . Forthenight is the only song on here that gets major play in my cd player , and he could n't even give you five minutes to really get into it . The other songs sound as if he was going off into left field . Now only if he could JustgivemeawholealbumIcouldlistentoo !
 and that is a reach.this Album has Easily His Best Music to date on it but the Cat ca n't Sing to Me & nothing every seems to change.now He is One Lucky Cat with all the Tribute Shows & Projects He gets to be down with.but as far as Being an Elite Artist?Don ' t Believe the Hype.thsi Album He is trying to tap into R.Kelly , D'angelo & Maxwell 's World & Come up way short .
 What 's good with this album . His first album was a classic and the second was good . This is just whack . His voice is not up to par like Glenn Lewis , Bilal , Maxwell and D'Angleo . Come on , are some of you people deaf ? He ca n't carry a note .
 Musiq 's first album , Aijuswanaseing , was critically acclaimed and commercially accepted . But then his follow-up Juslisen gave way to mixed reviews , although it was n't without its highlights -LRB- the leadoff single `` Halfcrazy '' was nominated for a Grammy -RRB- . Now he comes back with his third album Soulstar . The SOUL part is true , but the STAR part I 'm not so sure about.The main problem with this album is the production -LRB- which was also the main problem with Juslisen -RRB- . As soon as the first real song , `` Youloveme '' , came on , I was like , `` Oh no ! Not the ` Just Friends -LRB- Sunny -RRB- ' beat again ! '' Yep , that beat is overused once again on this album . You 'll hear it in at least five tracks . Musiq 's producers really need to step their game up.If you can look past that , you can still enjoy standouts like `` Forthenight '' and especially `` Whoknows '' . There 's also `` Babymother '' , which is a very interesting story . And `` Momentinlife '' -LRB- with Kindred the Family Soul and Cee-Lo -RRB- is okay , but I think it would have sounded better on Kindred 's album.Sadly , there are also a lot of disappointing songs on here . Such songs include the cheesy `` Womanopoly '' -LRB- containing a lot of Monopoly metaphors -RRB- and the failed party starter , `` Dontstop '' , which Bilal ca n't even save -LRB- did n't Musiq learn from `` Future '' ? -RRB- . And then there are also the filler tracks like `` Thereason '' , `` Infatueighties '' -LRB- with lyrics like `` She my Missy and I 'm her Timbaland '' -RRB- , `` Whereareyougoing '' , the pointless `` Leaveamessage '' , and the obligatory end-of-album we-are-the-world song `` Givemorelove '' . And his remake of The Rolling Stones classic `` Miss You '' neither helps nor hurts the album.Needless to say , I did n't really care for this album . Musiq 's first album is the best one he did , so your best bet is to stick with that -LRB- or maybe you should pick up Javier 's album instead -RRB- . This album definitely is n't going to make Musiq the Soulstar he 's striving to be.Anthony Rupert
 This by far was the worst of the three albums from Musiq . It definetly does not live up to the traditional Musiq style that I am used to . The lyrics are ok , but the beats are not as tight as the first album which was by far the best . Or even the second album which was not as good as the first but it was ok . It seems like with each album Musiq 's rhythms start to wander off . Musiq is known for his beats , rhythms , sounds and mezmorizing words in his songs . Did he get new producers or something ? If so he needs to go back to the original ones because this album is the worst by far . Musiq I know you can do much better !
 COME ON !!! I am a Musiq fan to the core . But we need more than just unclever words and same story scenarios . The only song worth listening to was the first one after the intro . I forced myself to listen to the rest . Womanopoly ? Baby Mama Drama ? What about love longs and decent ones at that . The second CD was a keeper . Musiq should practice his craft or lose a fan . Also ... stop remaking original songs if you DO NOT have the voice for it .
 I was pretty disappointed with this CD , and do n't think I 'll be buying another Musiq CD because he seems to be going downhill . He 's basically regurgitating the first two projects with not very much success . I really like Musiq 's whole vibe , hopefully it 's not too late for the brother to pick it back up again .
 I was glad to see this disc reissued , even as a CD-R , but despite the beautiful music , I can not recommend this disc because of the lack of any information other than the track listing . There are no liner notes , no timings and no indication of which composer wrote which piece . As these rarities will be mostly of interest to the more serious collector/listener , this is a major failing .
 you can listen to this a couple of times ... I got bored quicklyMartin
 The wrong songs are listed . This CD is not the one advertised.Kelvin King
 My search is over . I have finally found the absolute worst record in the history of recorded sound . These guys are so awful they make the Dead sound like the Vienna Boys Choir . The stuff on this record can not even be called music . They must have been great at PR , because they had absolutely no ability to make recorded sound at all . I heard that one of them is dead . Good . One down , one to go .
 I love this video unfortunately it does n't show on a Blue Rays DVD player . Which means I ca n't enjoy it :-LRB- I was a bit frustrated . However , other purchases in the past have been great through Amazon .
 War Of The Worlds will about blow my windows out . I have the newest and greatest Home theater systems with 15 '' speakers . This DVD is flat . Sounds like a mono system from the 50s
 Only Michelle Branch save this album !!!! All guys play along with unenthusiastic beat !!! even Karl
 This is the 3rd installment of Carlos and Friends and , quite frankly , I 'm tired of it . I mean really , who 's career is the record company looking out for ? I hope this is the final installment and so Carlos can get back to being an artist.I purchased the promo CD that Target offered and I was very suprised at how bad this set is . The sound is terrible to start . The first track , `` Smooth '' is ok , however there should have been a bridge to `` Tu Amor '' to make it sound logical instead of a gap . Carlos sounds weak on guitar through out - could be the editing ... or lack of . Or ... it could be this is Santana 's way of expressing his frustration of being a pawn for the record company . And the brass section ... need I say anymore?I did see a copy of the DVD at the store and the whole package looks cheap . Poor photo 's , packing , and overall presentation . Based on it 's appearance I would have guessed it was a bootleg than an offical release from the record company . Yieks !! A by track critique : `` Smooth/Tu Amor '' - sloppy , over kill on the horns , and no bridge to `` Tu Amor '' - which makes the whole song sloppy . `` Black Magic Woman '' - probably the best track . Sounds like Greg Rolie on vocals ? `` Oye Como Va '' - the other good track on this set . `` Maria , Maria '' too ghetto to be cool . The Product G&B ; are too busy ` keepin ' it real ' and cause a big distraction to the song - the crowd seemed to love it , however . `` The Game of Love '' - sounds like a rehersal more than anything else . Michelle Branch who is usually good sounds terrible and Carlos ... is he plugged in ? I ca n't seem to hear him . `` Europa '' - terrible arrangement . Carlos is n't allowed to shine . I guess the 20 something crowd has never heard this song - on the `` Sacred Fire '' disc the crowd knows the opening riff . At the end of the song the band receives a `` golf clap '' and rightfully so . This song is usually a show stopper . `` Soul Sacrifice '' - terrible arrangement . Over kill on so many levels.If you want a great live CD , get `` Sacred Fire '' or `` Supernatural '' .
 My copy even has an arrow pointer on the front cover picture ! Talk about lousy merchandising . No Dolby , much less DTS , only a PCM Stereo recording . Video is average . Like proper packaging and presentation were no more than an afterthought.All in all , this looks like a bootleg edition . And no , it 's an official release . Amazing . Messy . What were they thinking ?
 Capitol 's 1990 reissue of The Beach Boys ' 1960s LPs gave us 2 of these albums on 1 CD at normal price . They 're back for who knows how long - so get them while they 're hot . On the 2-fer version of `` Little Deuce Coupe , '' which is in STEREO by the way and not MONO as it is here , you also get `` All Summer Long '' plus you get a nice stack of bonus tracks . Do n't pass up this warning - and get the 2-fer instead - quick !
 This is a Live CD , which I did not expect since the product info does not specify that . I like some Live music but this is not what I wanted . Order a different one .
 After receiving the cd in the mail , I opened it up and played it , and swore they shipped the wrong cd . This cd is Live , and they do n't tell that in the details . It is also a poor version , even if you like Live music , I do n't think you will like this .
 Guys , where are the master tapes ? This transfer was taken direct from vinyl . Ze is charging premium prices for this and you can hear surface noise throughout this cd . This was n't even taken from a particularly clean copy of the vinyl !!!!!
 If you have no other way to hear this music , then go ahead and buy this cd . Cristina is great but this cd is obviously taken from vinyl and sounds horrible . You can actually hear the record static and the high hats will hurt your ears . I 'm going to return mine .
 The idea was a good one
 Ok I loath britney and Christina.And though I 'm more of a Rock Music kinda guy myself , even I sometimes get pulled in by alot of catchy tunes from the secular pop music world . And sometimes I hate myself for singing that shallow filth . Stacie is SO GREAT ! I 've heard all the songs from her album . They 're all so good , and the quality is far beyond Britney or Christina . Cause the only good songs on any of there albums are typically the singles . Stacie 's lyrics are uplifting , but never cheesy . The beats are too hot ! She sounds nothing like a 14yr old . I am now an official Fan and will buy anything she comes out with ! I think she 's way better then Rachael Lampa , but thats only cause her music has faster beats .
 I preordered this CD . I just listen to it for the second time . This is satire at it 's most boring . Do n't bother with this CD . Ry has done much more interesting stuff , both lyrically and musically . Listen to the samples before you buy . I wish I did . If you like what you hear ignore this and go with your own tastes but for me `` yuck ! ''
 This is ridiculously preachy stuff . I can tolerate a bit of leftiness in my folk , I find the sincerity touching , but this is too over the top to listen to all the way through more than once .
 Ry Cooder is an incredible musician , but that does not automatically make you a great songwriter or a great album maker . He should stick to instrumental and soundtrack music , something he 's good at .
 I 've been a fan of Ry Cooder 's recordings for a long time , but noe I prefer him more like producer of other artist 's records -LRB- listen to the latest M. Staples one . . -RRB- . `` My name is Buddy '' should be changed in `` My name is BORING ''
 I hate to say it , but for the 1st time ever I am severely disappointed in something connected with Ry Cooder.Musically , it sounds like so much hillbilly and not at all what I have come to expect from an artist whom I have admired for decades.I bought the album unheard , purely on past experiences , but sadly did not enjoy it at all .
 Ry Cooder is one of those musicians who at times makes you wonder if he 's just daring critics , and the buying public , terrified at seeming uncool , to come to their senses and see that he 's just trying to yank everybody 's chain . While I respect Cooder as a musician and to a lesser degree as a social activist , this latest effort seems really silly and forced , like a bunch of knockoff tracks done in his living room with lyrics written on the spot . Perhaps it should be marketed as a kid 's CD who 's families hope to inspire them to joint the International Workers of the World when they grow up . Makes you wonder if he was just fulfilling his contractual duties to his label , or to help pay off that big fine he got from the Treasury Department for doing business with Cuban musicians.And none of my opinion is due to his politics , as mine are probably even further to the left than his.Buddy has , however , inspired my parakeet , Sheetbird , to come out with a CD of his own . It might sadden Mr. Cooder to learn that Sheetbird 's politics and Buddy 's are at the opposite ends of the spectrum . Sadly , my budgie 's a neonconservative.I gave it 2 stars only because of some inspired guitar playing and Cooder 's characteristically interesting arranging , particularly on `` Redcat Till I Die '' .
 On the bright side - Flaco Jimenez is a boon to nearly anything , and `` Footprints in the Snow '' provides a welcomed return after the joys of `` Do Re Mi '' and the Show Time set , 30 years ago . Less bright , left-leaning critters bringing a 1930 's update to `` Life is Like a Mountain Railway . '' I appreciated Marlon Brando and Randy Quaid in Missouri Breaks more . Twisting the world , yet again , through the poor-me prism of the Wobblies lacks for the reflective thought I 'd come to expect from such an outstanding musician . More bright - Boomer 's Story , or Jazz , or the recent work with David Lindley , or any of a dozen other touchstones . I suppose they ca n't all be jems .
 ESTE DVD LLEGO EN BUEN TIEMPO . SIN EMBARGO , SE FREEZA EN LA CANCION NUMERO 1 INTERPRETADA POR VICTOR MANUEL , UNA DE LAS MEJORES .
 It felt very sad to me as Celia just sat there . I expected more based on the reviews and I was very disappointed .
 Even though I love Celia , the sound quality was very poor . Too bad !
 The first of the two Cristina re-released CD albums is a whole load of fun , but fans of that one need to be aware that there 's no trace of disco on `` Sleep It Off '' , and it comes over as a bit more serious . Cristina is undoubtedly a talented and well-read wordsmith , but here she takes on a more new-wave/punk-tinged musical approach , which still shows off her superbly acidic lyrics , but without the disco backing music , it lacks the charm that made `` Doll in the Box '' such a fun album.I must be in the minority here , as more educated music lovers than myself are currently raving over this album , but I found this one a little too arty-farty . Cristina has said herself in interviews that she considers this her true first album , and dismisses `` Doll in the Box '' as just a bit of cheeky fun , saying it did not represent her real self . The songs on here suggest that Cristina is an angry young woman with a lot of axes to grind . She expresses her bile very succinctly , but the biggest drawback to this newfound sincerity is the revelation that Cristina ca n't really sing that well , a fact that was masked by the camp vocal delivery she applied on the previous release . It makes the songs much less pleasant to listen to , which marks it as a less successful album in my book.The bottom line is that Cristina 's two albums belong in entirely different genres . The first is a highly original combination of disco froth with biting sarcasm , whereas the second one is heavy on the sarcasm , but with none of the froth . And that 's not so original , it 's a style that you can get from dozens of other music releases ... groups like The Waitresses were doing exactly the same sort of thing around the same time . I do n't think I 'll get any helpful ticks for this review , but buyers take note
 If you have no other way to hear this music , then go ahead and buy this cd . Cristina is great but this cd is obviously taken from vinyl and sounds horrible . You can actually hear the record static and the high hats will hurt your ears . I 'm going to return mine .
 1 . Yes -- > I am a Larry Carlton fan -- > I 've seen him numerous times over the years . As a baseline , my favorite albums are his earlier efforts etc. . . My favorite song -LRB- s -RRB- are strikes twice and mulberry street .2 . Which makes this all the more frustrating -- > how can such a great musician turn out such ... completely boring music ? I do n't understand it and I guess I never will . The bottomline is -- > if you tend to like neutral , tepid music -LRB- ie background music -RRB- -- > this will be fine . Otherwise , skip this effort via Larry and pray that he comes back to life and puts out a good album .
 Larry Carlton is one fine guitarist , and fails to show off his talent in this latest release . The session musicians and far to prominent and mask out his playing . I would love to hear Larry Carlton solo , or with bass and drum only .
 The content of this CD has little to do with any decline in Larry Carlton 's actual work , it 's just that this is Paul Brown 's CD with some incidental music from Larry Carlton mixed in . The fact that occasional glimpses of the real Larry Carlton do emerge from this wash of loops , computer generated grooves , and standard Lite RnB fare is an accomplishment on his part because the project is tailored for a radio format , not for fans of the music or the artist . Especially Larry Carlton fans who cut their teeth on Steely Dan and the Crusaders and love it when he cuts loose and * plays * . But you got ta get the airplay so you can get booked for live gigs . . and thats where he can step out of the Smooth Jazz Pod and become LC again . If you like the Smooth and Relaxing sound of Smooth Jazz radio , especially if you did n't listen to instrumental music before the mid 90s this will be comfortable , enjoyable fare for you . If you are a long time Carlton fan or like your music with a little life to it , save the money and use it for a ticket when he tours . I would have given it 2 stars just for the bonus track but I subtracted one for what I consider an absolute butchering of one of my favorite Eagles songs . Ca n't blame LC on that one . . the track was already finished and given to him to do a solo on after it was done so it ai n't his fault !
 The elevator has arrived . Mr. Carlton 's latest effort is so lackluster and unimaginative that I frankly ca n't believe it ! He has been a wonderful player over the years and my library is full of his work . This album appears to be dedicated to the proposition that a raised pulse is risky . It is almost a forced melancholy . Riffs are dull and the whole work seems stifled by a desire to be background music to a car ad or something . What a drag !!
 You have to believe me that I 'm a huge Larry Carlton fan -- have been since I heard him all over Steely Dan and Crusader records of the 70 's . Pre-1989 , Larry was my favorite guitar player in the world . I still think that the live album `` Last Nite '' represents some of the best guitar playing ever recorded -- if you like blues/jazz , that still is THE album . Listen to that and then listen to what he 's done since then . Since his tragic injury in 1988 , it 's been a steady decline for Larry towards the poppy , smooth -LRB- or ` tired ' , you choose -RRB- end of the Jazz music spectrum . And , even when he does try to make a nod to his golden days -LRB- No Substitution -- Live in Osaka -RRB- , it 's painfully clear that he just does n't have it anymore . He 's allowed his chops to deteriorate to a mediocre level and the fire and inventiveness that marked his earlier work is all but vanished . Whether or not the bullet that almost ended Carlton 's life also ended his ability to play guitar at a virtuoso level is unknown to me , I just know that it 's difficult to listen to his material today without feeling at least a little nostalgia for the Larry of old .
 I 've been a fan of Larry Carlton for quite some time , and I still listen to the `` Sleepwalk '' album and find it to be just as vibrant now as when it came out . Larry has always been a tasteful player but with just a bit of edge to make things interesting . This new album sounds much too carefully drawn . The guitar is too far down in the mix and Larry seems to be playing session man on his own album . The 2 selections with vocals do n't really add anything for anyone looking for Larry Carlton . I hope his next album finds him reaching a bit and taking some chances .
 It is unbelievable that Larry Carlton could churn out such an album that is bereft of ideas and imagination.This album has plenty of sound but no music ; sort of `` talk a lot but say nothing '' . The performance is uninspired and lifeless and the music -LRB- I mean sound -RRB- is dreadfully tedious . The only good thing that I can say about this album is that it has a great album cover and excellent sound for testing hi-fi systems . But , I 'm sure we Larry carlton fans do not buy his albums for such things . If there is one Larry Carlton album that you should avoid , this is the one . I ca n't think of any other album he has done which is as bad as this one . If you expect some magical moments like we always use to when we listen to some of his other albums , forget it.The next time I see Paul Brown 's name on Larry 's new album , I 'll pass .
 Inexplicably , `` Your Saving Grace '' has been unavailable in the domestic US Steve Miller catalog for some time.However , if you 're about to spend big bucks on an OOP copy of this 1994 release , be advised
 This is another reason not to by foreign products . Some people like to collect CD 's . The only thing I am bent on collecting is the real jewel . What is it ?? Why the Vinyl LP ofcourse and not some mini-bootleged version of it on a CD format . I think some people actually think buying a mini-lp sleeved cd makes them think they are getting a better product . This is bunk . Many of these foreign made cd 's are 2nd generation pirate cd 's merely copied from the original source and then they package it pretty in a mini-lp sleeve . Many of these cd 's come from Russia . If you want pictures and pretty art work then just buy a good conditioned LP record of this record . When it comes to quality in music you should think of sound and not sight . You should never confuse these mini-lp boot pictures with the art on the actual record . My advise is get the best remastered version of this cd -LRB- not the mini-lp -RRB- and if you need to look at pictures of the old record to reminisce in the past then just look at the art work online while you are listening to the remastered version . Do n't be one of the candy 's that confuse sight with sound . Do you buy a car just for the way it looks ??
 I ordered this Japanese import CD based on the only other review -LRB- at the time -RRB- which states that this is a hybrid SACD . It is not . I thought maybe the Amazon information was wrong , so I took a chance based on that review . No luck , just a plain old CD.Now for the really bad news
 What can I say ? This CD is pretty much everything the other Cowboy Bebop CD 's are n't . It 's pretty much either 1 -RRB- Take a perfectly good track and ruin it by throwing a lot of drums on top -LRB- Vibert -RRB- or 2 -RRB- as far as I can tell , calling a mediocre lifeless piece of electronic pap by the same name as a totally dissimilar but good track off another CD -LRB- 4 Hero -RRB- . Either way , the originals far outshine any of the pointless meddling done on this CD.On the does/doesn ' t include Vitaminless topic , I got this album by mistake . I ordered Vitaminless but what I got was a double CD of this and Vitaminless . I ca n't imagine a more mistaken pairing .
 I keep reading the reviews here touting this disc for it 's `` jazziness '' . Needless to say , I am NOT impressed with Ms. Dulfer 's lame attempt to overlay her vocals to `` background jazz '' riffs . She is a much better player than this and she is now developing `` Ronnie Laws disease '' - where you believe that vocals are your bread & butter.There are a couple of fine cuts on this disc worth mentioning - specifically `` December '' ; `` Valdez In The Country '' ; and the last song `` Lost and Gone '' . How ironic ... this should probably also be the title of the disc !!! Hopefully , the next disc will provide a more fruitful listening experience . For unadulterated Dulfer Funk - check out `` Live in Amsterdam '' ... you wo n't be disappointed .
 I was originally interested in Candy Dulfer because of her great , groovy sax work with Maceo Parker on his `` Life on Planet Groove '' CD . I really liked `` Sax-a-Go-Go '' , so I bought `` Saxuality '' and `` For the Love of You '' and enjoyed them , too . Since `` For the Love of You '' , though , Candy Dulfer has tried to do more vocal work . Sure , I 'll respect her decision to go that route , but when she does songs and mostly slow-tempo sax playing , she loses my interest . `` What Does It Take '' was not very interesting to me at all , but at least it had some funky groves . `` Dulfer and Dulfer '' was a step in the right direction back to funky jazz , but `` Right in My Soul '' is mostly bass-bass-bass-bass-bass . It 's the kind of music you bob your head to in the car , not the kind you just stand up and dance to no matter where you are . They sound like generic head-bobbing songs , in fact
 DISAPPOINTING !!! This album was a complete let down . It is watered down . As bland as a piece of toast with no butter . Plain rock . Nothing Ducky Boys about it . I hate this album . I really do . I hope that they realize this and never attempt this type of sound again .
 As much as I love The Untouchables and was dying for someone to put all their classics to CD , this is not what I thought I 'd be typing here . Cherry Red 's remastering has terrible sound quality . Compared to the original vinyls , it sounds like you 're listeing to these songs through giant ear muffs . None of the edge and liveliness , neither the great guitar kicks nor the low beaty thumps , that IS the distinct Untouchable sound gets conveyed here .
 I was excited to get my Steppin ' album because I loved the other album of Christy Baron -LRB- I thought about you -RRB- . However , I was a bit disapointed beacause it was so inferior compared to I thought about you . I was expecting more of Christy Baron 's sultry renditions of real accoustic jazz but what I got was some sort of a synthesized versions . It 's still a good album but it 's nothing like the other one . If you can only buy one album of Christy Baron , do n't get this one .
 What a disappointment this one was . This is not jazz . If you 're a big fan of Diana Krall , Stacey Kent , Holly Cole , etc. . . you will probably NOT enjoy this CD . I gave it two stars because there are actually about 3 tracks which forego the heavy use of drum machines and synthesizers in place of more traditional instrumentation that sound quite nice . If you like `` Acid Jazz '' - which is really not jazz at all - then you may very well appreciate this recording . I tried really hard to give this a fair shake , but I just ca n't stomach the `` techno '' sounds . What really sent me over the edge was a quote in the liner notes where Christy Baron compares herself to Miles Davis ! Blasphemy !!! There 's even a track on this disc which sounds like a futile attempt to emulate the sound of Miles on his avante garde `` Doo Bop '' , with the most pathetic trumpet solo I 've ever heard.On the plus side , Christy Baron does have a beautiful voice and , it would seem , a lot of talent . Imagine a cross between Cheryl Crow and Joan Osbourne singing jazz . That 's Christy Baron . Potentially great , but a bit misguided .
 The persons responsible for the concept and production of this recording should not be let loose in a recording studio again . That Christy Baron should acquiese to such drivel is beyond comprehension . That Chesky Records would allow it to be released should be a felony.C ` mon. . Electronics , sampling , throat singing ? Were any gimmicks spared on this production ?
 Despite the clever packaging , this CD was NOT produced by the folks behind `` O Brother Where Art Thou ? `` As it claims , this CD does contain original recordings of many of the songs on the `` O Brother '' soundtrack . If you 're looking for the genuine article , this is it.However , as is common with recordings this old , many of the originals were made by semi-professionals with primitive recording technology . As a result , these `` originals '' do not have the clarity , the warmth , or the production values of the masterful performances on `` O Brother '' and the companion live album `` Down from the Mountain . '' If you 're looking for music that sounds like those two albums , try Gillian Welch 's `` Revival '' instead .
 Listening to this synthesized 21st Century adaptation of a great classic could turn a classical enthusiast into a classical hater . After listening to this anemic attempt at capturing the power of a acclaimed musical portrait by using synthesized instruments , one is left to wonder why a recording company has n't recorded this piece using a large orchestra . It just begs for the real thing . At least with a large orchestra there might be more justification to charge $ 23 for just 33 minutes of music . I would strongly urge classical music lovers to approach with caution if they are thinking of buying any of the other selections in this classical music series played by Alexander Jero . Too bad Amazon does n't offer a money-back guarantee on opened CDs . As for the sound , it is enveloping , if you like to be surrounded by harsh virtual instrumentation .
 The product does give the surround sound experience , which sounded okay in my cars audio system . However , this version is not the orchestral sound I was expecting . Rather it is more of an organ piece , which I find not as rich or vibrant .
 Music Experience in 3-Dimensional SoundThis cd shouldnt have been recordedMy fault i bougt this cdWas tempted of the dts recordingI could have readed other rewiewsThe experience listen to this is saddnes over own stupidityLoke1858
 If this is a single release , that must mean the full album on CD would run about $ 700 . The dollar must have dropped through the floor .
 I ca n't believe that Ghostface Killah could make such a sucky album , after making his classic album `` Ironman '' Anyway , I only gave this album one star , because there was only one song on this album that I could enjoy , and that 's `` Tush ''
 man you indonesian cats are geniuses i totally agree . Ive already told me friends your message and i have sent countless emails voicing our argument . NEVER BUY ANY WUTANG CLAN ALBUMS AGAIN !!!!! we want our 36 chambers back !!!!!
 Do n't buy it . If Meth 's new album is n't at least ten times better than this , then rap is officially dead , and the only thing that can resurrect it is a Bone Thugs reunion .
 This album was basically horrible the only 2 good songs were the 2 singles `` Tush '' & `` Run '' the rest of the album was trash . I would definitely not recommend this album . All the beats are horrible and the collaborations suck too .
 I 've been a huge GFK fan for years now and this is by far the biggest piece of crap i have ever wasted my money on . I would enjoy watching this CD smashed to pieces more than I would enjoy EVER listening to it again . Do n't get me wrong , Supreme Clientele is one of my favs , but if Tical 0 does n't just blow me away , I am giving up on the Wu for good .
 THANK YOU MY WU BROTHER , LET 'S DO THIS TOGETHER
 All I can say is this album sucks bad !! Ghostface Killah really sucks now and his lyrics are made for ignorant black people who do n't know any better . . I threw this CD out my window it sucked so bad ! disgrace to music
 IF You want ur ' 36 chambers backHere 's the deal1 . Stop buying all Wu Tang releases , YES I MEAN ALL , whether is new or old , good or bad and any wu - tang related , because i got a feeling they are not gon na coming back with a good one , if we asked them to make a good record , they will tell us to buy they old record . I think they just lazy , today they just wan na make money , not a record , let them know without a NEW GREAT record , there is no fan will gon na buy their albums and that mean is no money . They think they could playin us for keep buying their albums while they busy tryin ' to please HIP-POP fans , if they `` up and coming '' album is not a WU - TANG album that we all know -LRB- kung fu sample , whole lot of RZA 's beats , none other than Wu families `` in house '' guest -RRB- DO NOT BUY IT !!! 2 . Do not buy ANY Wu-Tang clothes , shoes or any product related to them .3 . Do not visit their site , if you had a fanzine dedicated to them , you know what to do , DISACTIVE IT !! 4 . Stop requesting their song on the radio -LRB- if they do -RRB- , tell the radio dj to not playing their song , and if you hear one of their song being played in the club tell the dj too shut it off .5 . If you fell unlucky for bought their recent albums -LRB- lex diamond story , the movement , tical prequel , the birth of prince -RRB- you all can gather with other feel unlucky wu-tang fan , to collect all albums that i already mentioned , and burn those album all into dust as sign of our rejection , tape this action and put it on the internet , or the picture of it on your local underground paper -LRB- school , campus or whatever -RRB- .6 . Please spread this message.Don ' t get me wrong , i love WU , I just tryin ' to save them . If you hate this idea , do you have somethin' better . Sometime we have to be hard dealin ' with somethin that we love , it is likewoopin ' your child @ss when he \ she done somethin really bad . Me and all my friends in Indonesia -LRB- we are die hard wu-tang fans -RRB- already starts this movement , let them know that we which is their fans , HATE their new direction -LRB- they took the downroad -RRB- . We gon na run this ban until their give us their truest form . Do you remember the day when the Wu album out , you just go and buy it without listening it first or care what other people say , but today i had to download it first and read a bunch of reviews.I miss that good old days , maybe they should heard their own song `` Can it be all so simple '' , if you fell like the way i feelLET THE MOVEMENT BEGINRUBBY W
 As a fan of Wu Tang Clan for the last 11 years I find myself being more dissapointed with each solo cd released.This by far is the worst Ghostface cd and the worst solo cd from the clan . I bought it the day it came out , listened to it once and that was it.Ghost needs Rae , Rae needs Rza and Rza needs to go back to what made Wu Hot with the beats and shaolin sounds . And please if your going to make another cd Ghost please put Wu members on it . Want a 5 star cd go back to what made Iron man hot , thats the only cd of his worth buying .
 Unfortunately or on Purpose !!! this album was released 2 weeks ago on the Net ... and I had a chance to preview it - there a handful of solid tracks but as a referral the better album is Pretty Toney - The B-Sides ... every track is a hit ... I dont know why Def Jam did not want to buy those songs the lyrics and production are amazing ... peace .
 I 'll preface by pointing out that I am a huge Wu-Tang fan and have been since the 36 Chambers was just out . Unlike a lot of people who point to the flood of Wu solo albums as the reason for the Clan 's slide , I loved the solos . The Dirty Version , Tical , Cuban Linx -- ALL of the original solos were amazing . I even liked some of the lesser appreciated solos like Uncontrolled substance . The best overall in my opinion , though , was Supreme Clientelle from Ghostface . So many A-list tracks on one album ! You can play it straight through . Very rare to find that in an era where a good hip hop album is one with five solid tracks.Having said that , I was stoked for a new Ghostface Album . Especially with RZA so on point as of yet -LRB- not many RZA produced tracks on the new Starks album , however ... -RRB- . Then the day finally came when I picked the album up . Popped it in for my drive to work . Started out pretty good . Stayed pretty good for a while . Then went way downhill . Overall I 'd have to call it the worst Ghostface album yet . If you were to mix this album with Supreme Clientele , Tracks 5 and 7 would be the only two that I would n't skip past to get to the goods.I hate to be critical of a Wu Tang album and as a result have been so with very few . -LRB- What was Capadonna thinking with his second album ? And Beneath the Surface was not up to par with GZA 's other two . -RRB- But I 've got ta tack this one onto the list . Save your money and go pick up Birth of a Prince -- it was amazing . Or wait for Tical 0 . Maybe it 'll live up to its expectations .
 The music on this CD is great . My comments have to do with the way in which Amazon describes the product . This is a CDR , without any liner notes and the track listing basically copied from the web site . But you will not learn this by looking at the Product Details . You will find this information under Editorial Reviews , where it says
 The tracks are great.The playing -LRB- might be -RRB- great.The recording quality is wretched.I hate to say that , but it is that bad .
 This is the full concert of what has been released in the past as Bring Me The Head of Yuri Gagarin . That was an audience recording somehow released officially making it possibly the worst quality official release by any band ever . And rereleased and reissued under various titles like an annoying gnat buzzing in your ear that you just ca n't kill.Finally , we have what MIGHT be a soundboard recording . I certainly do n't notice the clapping in time and background noise over Silver Machine on this release . And there are good songs and good playing on this double CD release - some tracks available ONLY here . But there is ALSO an annoying hum through most of the concert that I would think could have been digitally removed . I wish I had the original master tape , I could sample a ` silent ' passage and do noise reduction on it myself!Whatever the case , this is the best version you are ever likely to find of this , short of Brock himself being allowed to remaster the concert . The 8 extra tracks do include a personal favorite of mine , Seven by Seven.Like a previous reviewer , I really wanted to give this 3 stars , but a 3-star rating means I enjoy a CD enough to want to listen to it straight through on occasion . Certain tracks here unavailable elsewhere , I will listen to . But until I can figure out how to reduce the background hiss on this , I 'll listen to the other tracks in glorious remastered sound on Space Ritual , one of the best live albums of all time !
 If you read above , it says that there are 4 discs on this record . Then you look at the top and see only two discs . I expected the entire 4 disc collection , but got only two . So if this being advertised above as two and it says 4 down below , shouldnt this be corrected or is this a case of false advertising ???
 Like most `` cross-cultural '' projects , this one falls short in many areas
 its not that bad , but it is just nbot chrono trigger and it doesnt keep the feel of the chrono trigger music . BEWARE of this cd , i only ordered it because I though it was th OSV , WHICH IT IS NOT .
 Can someone please list all the tracks from this album . There are some real Crystal fans out here looking for a good collection . Is this it ?
 I WOULD LOVE TO RATE & PURCHASE THIS CD BUT I DO N'T KNOW IF IT HAS THE TWO SONGS THAT I 'M LOOKING FOR . IF YOU COULD HELP ME , I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE IT .
 I 'm looking to find `` MIDNIGHT IN THE DESERT '' is it on here ? How about a song listing !
 Iv ' e heard some of Mauro Piccoto 's good stuff and I though this would be like it , but it 's way too hard for my liking . Though those of you who like hard techno , go for it , just be warned , this certainly isi n't trance -LRB- with the exception of `` Back To Cali '' -RRB- .
 i bought this CD for the musicians that play on these two albums . big mistake . dreadful pap that makes Debby Boone sound like Janis Joplin . avoid at all costs .
 its will cost me 100 less to get the conversion of the vhs to dvd than it would to drop 200 bills to buy this from you !!!
 ... The surround sound on this disc in non-existent . There is NO center channel on the multi channel layer . If you are serious about multi channel recordings this is the worst ... This label should be ashamed of itself to mislead the public into thinking this is some kind of new level in recorded music . ...
 Summer Jams are memorable - just think of `` Hollaback Girl '' by Gwen Stefani and `` Oh '' by Ciara . This song by Cassie is TOTALLY forgettable . When I first heard `` Me & U '' I thought it was just okay . But after hearing 2 , 3 , 4 , ... , nth times , I decided that this song was weak . The music sounds like it is looped and Cassie sings like she 's half asleep . There is no emotion or intensity in this song at all . NONE . It 's just bland and dreary . But I guess it 's just a sample of what 's more to come on her upcoming album . Anywho , this song has already been forgotten like a bowl of Ramen Noodles with hot sauce when checks come out .
 MY CD OF CASSIE 'S ME AND YOU SKIPS THROUGHOUT THE CD . THIS IS THE 2ND TIME I 'VE RECEIVED A CD FROM AMAZON THAT HAS SKIPPED . THIS WILL BE THE LAST TIME I ORDER ANY CD 'S FROM AMAZON . THIS IS VERY FRUSTRATING AS I FEEL I 'VE SPENT MY HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS.THANKS FOR NOTHING !!!!
 this song is ok nothing special . vocally ai n't much to Cassie , but the Lyrics & overall vibe make this song work .
 Not sure why this song was a hit.Yes , it has the hooks and the pop/r & b ; arrangement . But vocally , it was the most boring delivery that I have heard from a top 10 hit song ever.Her vocal is so thin and her delivery sounds like she does n't really believe what she ` s singing.The lyrics sound sexy and flirtatous yet she bring none of that to the table.Take Kellis for example , while she may lack some vocal prowess , but she has that naughty come on vocal performance.This is to be the worst single of the year.The other one is Rhianna `` Unfaithful '' -LRB- I loved her Ponce de Replay song , but ballads are not her thing -RRB-
 Cassie is so bad , she has to resort to stripping down to her panties in her video clip to get music sales . You all know that she has definately got no talent at all , and you only like her for her looks . She is just a ashanti , but with even less talent . hahaha . Her voice sounds like she was raised from the dead , because her voice sounds lazy and her song is quite boring . She has got no vocal talent .
 I ORDERED FROM AMAZON IN DECEMBER 2005 . IT WAS MY VERY FIRST ORDER . EVERYTHING WAS TRACKED ACCORDINGLY AND THEN THERE WERE TWO DIFFERENT DELAYS IN GETTING MY PURCHASE TO ME . I DID N'T MIND BECAUSE AT LEAST I RECEIVED IT BEFORE CHRISTMAS AS PLANNED . THIS RECENT PURCHASE WAS MY SECOND , AND ONCE AGAIN EVERTHING WAS RIGHT ON TRACK AT FIRST . ABOUT A WEEK AFTER MY `` DELIVERY DATE '' I DID A TRACKING AND IT SHOWED THAT MY ADDRESS WAS N'T ACCEPTABLE . THE ITEM WAS SHIPPED BACK AND THAT 'S WHEN I CALLED CUSTOMER CARE . I CONFIRMED THE ADDRESS AND WAS TOLD THAT MY ORDER WOULD BE RESENT . THE MAN TOLD ME THAT IF I DID N'T RECEIVE THE ORDER BY MONDAY , JULY 24 , 2006 , THAT I WOULD GET A REFUND ON MY SHIPPING . THE SAME ADDRESS WAS USED ON MY DECEMBER ORDER . AFTER SPEAKING TO CUSTOMER CARE , ABOUT 4-5 DAYS LATER I WENT TO TRACK MY ORDER AGAIN AND IT SHOWED THAT A COMPLETE REFUND ON THE SHIPPING AND THE ACTUAL ORDER WAS IN EFFECT . I NEVER GOT MY ORDER . THANK YOU .
 I thought I might be finding a low priced bargain here , but to much alto and not enough tenor here for me ... This CD seems to be a Kenny G knock off ... And while I 'm not a great fan of alto , Kenny G does have a way with it that elicits some sweet and often times soothing sounds -LRB- I especially like his Christmas sounds -RRB- ... Not so with Parker 's as his alto comes out a little `` tin-ny '' sounding ... If I 'm allowed by Amazon let me recommend Sony 's `` Sax For Lovers '' or # 32 . Jazz Record 's `` Jazz for When You 're Alone '' if you want to strike a really jazzy soft-sax-love mood ... They 're both serious `` soft jazz '' tenor sax CD 's by serious tenor sax artists who will get the `` gig '' done .
 Forgive me for saying this but this C.D. is pretty bad.I thought the music was pretty good in the game , but I guess some music was n't meant for remixes . I do n't really think anyone should buy this C.D. if they really like Parisite Eve music . so do yourself a favor and buy the real untainted soundtrack to this game , and not waste your money like I did .
 There are a couple of gems on this cd , but I do n't like most of the songs . The majority of them are low-mid quality techno arrangements of songs that sounded just fine the way they were.There are a few songs of noteworthy concern . The Lon-Lon Ranch has Japanese vocals in it , providing an interesting experience . I did n't really like it , but some people might . The Temple of Time is completely vocal -LRB- no words , just sounds and wordless chanting -RRB- , but you can tell that it is just a bunch of recorded sounds edited together rather than people singing , and it ends up sounding very tacky.The Great Fairy 's Fountain is ok , but sounds very similar to the original track.There are only three songs that I like on this cd , and I consider them to be excellent pieces . The Hyrule Main Theme captures the adventurous and upbeat spirit of the original and successfuly takes it in a new direction , adding some light jazz , percussion , and string instruments . Very fun to listen to . Zelda 's Theme -LRB- track 6 -RRB- is a slow , beautiful arrangement of the Song of Time , played by an actual ocarina and backed up by soft chimes and violins . The Last Battle theme is unarguably the best song on here , capturing the intensity and tension of the last battle with Ganon while at the same time expanding on the original theme.If you can buy a used copy on here or ebay , those 3 songs are worth it . But do n't pay full price for this cd . It is n't worth it .
 I expected so much better from the great Andre Previn . This version of the greatest programmatic orchestral music of all time is simply terrible -- utterly uninspired and passionless , both in the solo piano and orchestral versions . The tone is muddy throughout , and I do n't think it 's the engineering
 I 'm no stranger to so-called ` alternative ' hip hop , having a healthy lot of the better of the crop already in my collection . But this album needs to be thrown in the bargain bin , it 's bloody horrible ! It 's bound to get good reviews , as it 's the `` almighty '' unmesswittable Busdriver , AKA artist with the worst name ever , AKA God to clones -LRB- sorry , fans -RRB- who fancy themselves as pseudo-intellectuals . After all , they are so * different * are n't they ? Those of us who dared to cop that Lil ' Wayne CD `` just do n't understand '' . As for the album , it 's weird . Weird can be good , or it can be godawful . No , clones , I 'm not `` missing the point '' - there IS NO point . After 5 painful listens -LRB- I TRIED to like it -RRB- , I can barely remember one single line from this backpacker holy grail . ` Unemployed Black Astronaught ' -LRB- or whatever the hell it 's called -RRB- is the only track that is even halfway memorable , with a catchy line or two . That is ALL folks . The production is alright , if someone released the instrumentals I might just force myself to sit and chill to it . Until that day , the normally decent Big Dada remains to be a Big Joke , in my opinion .
 I 've always been astounded by the reputation of this album . As you can see in these written reviews , as well as Amazon 's -LRB- and many other -RRB- editorial reviews in jazz publications over the last 40 years , it is hyped as perhaps the `` greatest jazz album of all time '' . I truly love John Coltrane , but I do not think this is his best work , much -LRB- much -RRB- less the greatest of anything . I would take the masterpiece that is `` Ballads '' , or the absurdly over-qualified -LRB- I mean that in the best sense -RRB- `` Giant Steps '' , or even `` Crescent '' as candidates for any greatest lists , if you must -LRB- or the terrific albums with Duke or Monk -RRB- . It would be easy for me just to say I do n't get it , except that I do get Coltrane in the main . Why do people go ape-shucks over this album ? Historical precedent ? Zeitgeist ? In a way , it 's kind of encouraging that a relatively free , relatively less accessible work of anybody should receive such laud and approval . I like the theory of that . But I wonder if there are people who would listen to this as their first exposure and say , `` That 's Coltrane ? Wow , I guess I just do n't get it . '' But if you played them any of 50 other Trane albums they 'd say just the opposite . Well , I 'll never know . I write this review simply so others whose first listening experience might be bent towards this album try something else . Listen with your own ears , not those of the reviewers . This guy put out some mighty stuff . For me this ai n't it .
 Coltrane 's A Love Supreme is the most overhyped jazz album in history . It is music ? Maybe . But I find it to be unlistenable , despite several efforts to find something good in it . Coltrane did some good work with Monk and with Miles Davis . His ballads albums are good -LRB- My Favorite Things ; Ballads -RRB- . But most of his later work is disappointing to one who likes classic jazz and hard bop . I ca n't blame an artist for wanting to do something really new and creative . But `` creative '' is not necessarily good . Is my negative view of A Love Supreme a minority view ? Obviously , most of the Amazon reviews are positive . But this is not a random sample of jazz fans . People usually buy what they already know they like . -LRB- Except me -- I was a sucker for the hype and bought it before I heard it . -RRB- And people are more likely to take the time to write reviews of books and CDs that they like than those that they do n't like . But for those of you who have n't bought it yet , be aware that Coltrane 's A Love Supreme is mainly of historical interest . It is not the kind of music that most jazz fans would want to listen to over and over again .
 I bought this CD . I listened to this CD . And then I listened again , and again ... ad nauseum . I get jazz . I love jazz . I `` get '' spiritual jazz . This music is a load of crap . It is boring , goes nowhere , and I fail to see why , when so much brilliantly done spiritual oriented jazz has been created , one would rather kneel at the alter of such mediocrity . That Coltrane may have advanced the modal boundaries of jazz/sax does not a great -LRB- or even good , evidently -RRB- album make . Trance-inducing offerings by Szabo , Tjader , Byrd , Hubbard , Hancock , Hutcherson , Horn and many others actually DO achieve the accolades unrightfully heaped upon this monotonous drone of a squak , so forego the lip service paid this and pursue those players for genuinely moving soul food if you , too , are able to listen to the MUSIC with your ears , instead of the hype .
 I was very excited to receive `` A Love Supreme '' . It was shipped fast and the packaging looked good . I immediately opened it up and go to play it but alas the record was snapped in half . Heartbreaking ! Now I have to ship it back because this order from the shipper - NorAm International Partners does n't have a replace item for this product . BOOOOOOO !!!!!
 Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is the most over-hyped jazz album in history . Is it music ? Maybe . But I find it to be unlistenable , despite several efforts to find something good in it . Coltrane did some good work with Monk and Miles Davis . His ballads albums are good -LRB- `` My Favorite Things ; '' `` Ballads '' -RRB- , and also `` Blue Train . '' But most of his later work is disappointing to one who likes classic jazz and hard bop . Is my negative view of `` A Love Supreme '' a minority view ? Obviously , most of the Amazon reviews are positive . But this is not a random sample of jazz fans . People usually buy what they already know they like . -LRB- Except me -- I was a sucker for the hype and bought it before I heard it . -RRB- And people are more likely to take the time to write reviews of books and CDs that they like than those that they do n't like . But for those who have n't bought it yet , you should be aware that Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is mainly of historical interest . It is not the kind of music that most jazz fans would want to listen to over-and-over . Furthermore , if it were n't for the legend that `` A Love Supreme '' was Coltrane 's offering to God , then I do n't think that many people would be claiming to hear something spiritual in the music , and the album would not sell as much as it does .
 I have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . I find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . I have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . Miles Davis , Dave Brubeck , Kenny Burrell , Grant Green , Cannonball Adderley , Stan Getz , Chet Baker , Wes Montgomery , Bill Evans and Thelonius Monk to name a few . This guy is by far my least favorite . His playing on Miles Davis cd 's I have and with Monk is largely enjoyable and I know he 's a giant . But this stuff ? . The live recording on disc two was so grating I could n't make it through . It sounded to me like a bunch of Geese being slaughtered . Give me the other guys anytime .
 Okay already , I 'm convinced you have chops ! You do n't have to keep trying to impress me ... or each other ... or yourselves ... This album encapsulates the fatal flaw of jazz music , the element that is relegating it to the dustbin of history
 I like this title , but I do not understand why people is so excited about it . I mean , for the sixties it was really a breakthrough , I guess . But now there are many sax players that can play better than Coltrane , they are much polished and straight . I think about Kenny G. , for instance . His rythmic session is much more regular , whereas Coltrane 's session seems sometimes to loose the beat . And also Coltrane is not really precise ... But the title is interesting at least as an historical recording , a first step towards the perfection of todays players .
 What 's with everyone saying this album was Coltrane 's message to God ? Random saxophone noise is random saxophone noise , nothing more than that , so do n't pretend this album is something it is clearly not . The `` songs '' have no verse , chorus or melody ; they 're really just recordings of a bunch of guys goofing around with their instruments . Listening to this album with even an open mind will just leave you shrugging your shoulders and asking '' ... is that it ? '' . Plus , where are the vocals ? Surely that would make the album more enjoyable . For jazz that is enjoyable to a larger , more intelligent audience , check out Michael Buble , Diana Krall , Norah Jones or Kenny G , and ignore the senseless noodlings of Coltrane , Monk , Mingus and Coleman .
 I most have not read the smallprint -- who -- tell me who -- orders vinyl today -- I sent this to a friend and was floored when he said he got a record instead of a cd -- so that is my issue
 I listen to a pretty wide variety of music , very little of which is pop -LRB- of which almost none is mainstream pop -RRB- . I can appreciate a wide variety of musical tastes and textures , but John Coltrane 's A Love Supreme leaves me feeling worn out . I 've listened to it probably over 20 times -LRB- stubbornness , I guess -RRB- , and my favorite part is where I turn it off . Why give it two stars instead of one ? Well , I freely admit there are good pieces of music interwoven into the composition , but it makes me feel exhausted trying to exhume them from the mess of saxophone noodling and screeching . It seriously gives me a headache after most listens , and I listen to other plenty of musical pieces known to inflict headaches -LRB- Mars Volta , or for instance -RRB- . I also appreciate musicians like Thelonious Monk , Miles Davis , and Jimi Hendrix , and Steve Vai , all known to noodle around in their own right . Personally , I 've concluded this is considered a jazz classic solely because the man was so far off of the mainstream that the jazz junkies of the day could listen contentedly knowing that no one else would appreciate their `` music '' . If you 're looking for something `` different '' , you might consider this album , but if you want something `` good '' then steer clear .
 As a fan of jazz from the 50 's and 60 's , I keep trying to like this piece . Many of Coltrane 's phrases repeat the same notes over and over . This can be clever once in a while , but over and over , it 's just annoying . The first number is torture if you like melodic music . There 's no connection between the phasing and the rhythm . Again , is this supposed to be clever ? If you subscribe to the idea that `` weird is genious '' , then you may like this CD.There are many sax players from this period who have better tone and phrasing . Coltrane 's tone is like listening to someone sing while holding their nose .
 its too hard to hear him the music always drowns him out he needs to get a better producer his brother aint doin too good a job.boomin words from hell is much better.this is aight tho
 In 1987 Tommy Shaw released ` Ambition ' , and I feel as though his 80 's albums were struggling , though the same could be said of the other two Stygian cohorts who were releasing solo albums at that time . Although both Tommy and Dennis both scored decent hits with their solo debuts in ' 84 , the sales diminished with each album , and typically these albums do n't reach the creative peak of the `` High Time '' -LRB- 75 - 83 I guess -RRB- . Both Shaw and DeYoung were putting out albums with a lot of ` messy ' funk songs , generic 80 's pop , predictable rock riffs and thick , 80 's production . `` Ambition '' is another album in this vein . But at least albums like `` What If ? '' and `` Back to the world '' had some inspiring songs to get them across the line , as well as some more experimental songs , but this album is by-the-books 80 's pop that totally lacks any sense of ` adventure ' or ` creative vision ' . There are some good points , the production is not bad , less dense than the last album , and I like the ` tribal ' sounding backing vocals on a lot of the songs , but the songs themselves offer nothing memorable , they just feel tired and totally follow the same formula . The opening cut is quite catchy ; the best of the bunch and there 's a ballad about halfway ` Ever since the world began ' that has a nice melody , but those two songs are about all you get for solid cuts.Maybe if Tommy made a solo album at another time , maybe in the 70 's , I could have been able to ` dig it ' but this is probably his weakest point , in the late 80 's .
 This Album Offers Absolutely Nothing Worth Wasting Time With . Shaw Had One Minor # 33 Hit With `` Girls With Guns '' , But Nothing On This One . People Forget That Shaw Only Contributed One Top 40 Hit -LRB- Too Much Time ... -RRB- On His Final Three Albums With Styx , Before They Broke Up . Without Nugent And Blades His Career May Have Ended Here .
 It has been a month after the estimated date my items would have reached me and they have n't . Can you check on this ???
 Well , I have to say that I did n't really want to write a negative Sunny Day review , but then I thought of the unfortunate lads who would waste their money on this CD instead of buying a different Sunny Day CD . I am a big fan -LRB- driving 6 hours to see them play in a couple weeks -RRB- but I was kinda let down by this one . Diary and Self-Titled are strongly recommended .
 When I bought this album , I felt like crying . My favorite band , Sunny Day Real Estate , had reformed and I was thrilled . Then when I actually heard the CD , it was just a slap in the face . Sunny Day sounds nothing like they did in `` Diary '' or `` LP2 '' anymore . They are more of a rather watered-down alternative rock . `` Every Shining Time You Arrive '' is definetely a great song , but there 's no other song on the CD that would make you want to buy it . Let 's face it ... Sunny Day is dead , but what they did in their first two CDs makes them legendary .
 This album is just plainly a dissapointment . Half the album is brilliant and the other half , well they should have just put this out as and e.p. with only half of the songs . Sure Pillars , Every shining time , and How it feels to be , are brilliant . But they are ruined by 100 million , Two Promises , and Roses in Water . I expected this to be their best album -LRB- after hearing Jeremy 's solo album , which is a must buy -RRB- but it just turns out to studio , which means not that much emotion . Sure Jeremy is screaming , but there is nothing in his scream . Maybe Nate was more important than they 'll admit . The emo is only slightly there and that is what they are EMO ! Not alt-rock . Do n't start with this one . Buy Diary , and hear what one of the most promising bands of all time used to sound like . Maybe they should n't have gotten back together .
 A am a huge SDRE fan , but to tell you the truth their new CD was n't all that good , their old stuff was way better . SDRE has lost their style and emotion . This CD is n't worth buying .
 This album was a huge disappointment for me . Buy diary . The songs on ` this is how it feels ... ' make me think that sunny day has lost it for good . i cant ' t remember hearing such a bad album from such a good band . try listening to `` Mogwai '' if you like sunny day .
 What you have here it the single most worst cd ever made.How someone thought it was a good idea to take Hank Sr. 's low-fi mono recordings , peel off his voice and put it in modern , digital stereo surrounding is beyond me.Imagine Hank Jr. singing a line , then a great guitar solo , then Hank III taking a vocal turn , then a guitar solo , then Hank Sr. coming in with vocals that seem to come off an lp that was found lying in the gravel somewhere at a flea market.It is beyond bad . Not a good idea , and nothing like `` There 's a Tear in My Beer . ''
 I picked this up back in '98 after seeing Hank III for the first time . Perhaps for the Hank Jr. fans it is worth your time but for me a Hank Sr. & Hank III fan it is disappointing . I 'm aware of the family lineage but I do n't need to hear this blend of voices to appreciate the songwriting talent of Hank Williams.I did talk to Hank III about this recording and it sounded like his dad 's idea not his . Out of the dozens of recordings of all three of the artists , this is my least favorite for all of them .
 An improvisation is wonderful , if , and this is a huge if , an improvement on the original is made . After listening to all 15 cuts I have to say that in every case the original is more enjoyable and satisfying to me to listen to . Can you really expect Montero to improve on Vivaldi ? That really is too much . However if it is not as enjoyable as the Vivaldi , why would I spend money to listen to Montero ? This revue is in no way a reflection on her pianistic abilities , but it sure is a gripe about butchering classic source material.My advice , and it seems to be unique among reviewers so far , is that if you like Vivaldi , listen to Vivaldi , not Montero seeking to change Vivaldi . Or Bach . Or Scarlatti . Or Pachebel ... The original is stunning ... the alterations to it are just misc . music .
 Erick Morillo has put out some awesome mixes in the past but the quality has been definitely waning for a while.His last Wintersessions mix -LRB- Volume 1 -RRB- was exceptional - blending both old and new tracks to great effect . Since then though he has put out his own solo album which is basically a Tech-House album out of any context . Here , it remains out of context - and the 3 mixes included are simply Tech House mixes which basically click and grind to the point of boredom.The P-Diddy tracks are not a selling point - they pale in comparison to all the other tracks and weaken the mixes as a whole - although admittedly none of the mixes are that strong to begin with.I got this CD set hoping for at least good mix - I already knew the original album was negligible , however - none of the mixes are all that good . So this entire set from Erick Morillo - the album and the 3 mixes are a total bust . Although , I should have known from the conceited cover of Erick looking all God like with a gaggle of women all listening to his music -LRB- whatever -RRB- . If you are interested in Erick Morillo at his best get Subliminal Sessions 1 , or even the first Wintersessions mixes , but save yourself the time and trouble with this bloated set - it 's all ego and no talent .
 I was excited with the release of the new movie but very disappointed with the soundtrack CD . Keeping the kids attention beyond the 3rd track just does n't cut it . I like the instrumental tracks personally but this should have cut and released as CD-Single containing the 3 voice selections .
 Not much new here . I listened to it for the Sarah song , and it is what gave it two stars . Not horrible , but the music is generic movie soundtrack music . The two versions of `` You Got A Friend In Me '' add nothing to the song . `` When She Loved Me '' is a nice song performed wonderfully by Sarah Mclachlan , but not enought to spend money on this whole CD .
 I bought this album expecting songs to sing with the kids . The music is probably great , but I have not yet gotten past the disappointment of so few sing alongs .
 I bought this CD for my 3 year old son after seeing the movie and absolutely loving it ! We were so disappointed that we immediately returned it and got our money back ! The CD only has 3 songs that are actually sung and the rest are all instrumental . My son was so excited to listen to the songs he had heard in the movie , but when they played they -LRB- the main song -RRB- was sung by a different person and just not the same . I am sorry to say this was not worth putting a CD together for ... they should have just left it in the film for everyone to enjoy .
 Ive given this recording a few listens . . And , For some reason . . it sounded better when i reviewed the tracks on line . . than when i gave the entire CD a listen . . The Production , is n't that good , & The Lyrics are Kinda Pointlessly PREACHY . . I am a Big Fan of both Watson , and Turner , BUT . . there is a LOT to be desired on this recording ...
 i was not able to purchase because of mistake in pricing and advertisinig . may try later . the company contacted to advise of this mistake .
 I wo n't go into the story behind the recording of Captain Beefheart 's `` Bat Chain Puller '' in 1975/76 and its subsequent non-appearance as anything other than a bootleg . Instead I 'll just consider this current release and ask the question , what exactly is `` Dust Sucker '' for ? As the sleeve proudly trumpets , these tracks are from `` the Captain 's own tapes '' of the album - well that 's as maybe , but what they most certainly are NOT however are the long lost master tapes . The sound quality is not measurably better on this release than on any of the bootlegs I have heard - indeed the sound quality is boomy and bass-heavy and there 's annoyingly high level of tape hiss present throughout . This all serves to leave the title track , `` Harry Irene '' , `` Floppy Boot Stomp '' and `` Owed T'Alex '' sounding like little more than demo versions of the versions eventually released on `` Shiny Beast '' . The version of `` The One Thousand and Tenth Day of the Human Totem Pole '' is markedly better than that on `` Ice Cream For Crow '' , but we knew that anyway ; and while `` Brickbats '' , `` Flavor Bud Living '' and `` A Carrot Is As Close As a Rabbit Gets to a Diamond '' are fascinating early versions , `` 81 Poop Hatch '' and `` Apes-Ma '' are exactly the same as the later versions - though with worse sound quality . Which leaves `` Seam Crooked Sam '' and the beautiful `` Odd Jobs '' , and what would we Beefheart fans give to hear them in their pristine glory and not hamstrung by the muddy , hamfisted mixes on this album?This is by no means the only annoying aspect of this album . The artwork cuts and pastes the Captain and various Magic Band members , from totally different eras , into various sci-fi landscapes - which is all good fun but what does it have to do with Don Van Vliet ? Especially the Don Van Vliet who recorded `` Bat Chain Puller '' ? The sleevenotes are a muddled mess of -LRB- uncredited -RRB- quotes , conjecture and plain nonsense . Not suprising perhaps , as they appear to be the work of Ken Brooks , a man who made some sort of living out of poorly researched and badly written books on various Rock cult figures.The additional cuts are live versions of various `` Bat Chain Puller '' tracks culled at random from various sources / gigs / line-ups and of variable quality and , in some places it seems , variable tape-speed . Need I add that there is absolutely no information on when and where these tracks were recorded and who played on them ? To add to the depressing aura of sloppiness , an extremely poor quality recording of the `` Lick My Decals '' out-take `` Well Well Well '' is added for no better reason it seems than the people responsible for this mess -LRB- `` Milksafe Productions '' -RRB- had a copy lying around their offices . Ditto the even more lo-fi live version of `` My Human Gets Me Blues '' - errrrrr , why?In short , this CD is a disgrace and rip-off and you 'd be better off waiting for the Zappa Estate to get round to eventually releasing the REAL -LRB- Denny Whalley mixed -RRB- `` Bat Chain Puller '' , which they 've been threatening to do ... Avoid this album at all costs .
 This disc is a third-rate BOOTLEG , with horrible sound quality . You can get this material in far better quality through trading . Do n't be a `` sucker '' !
 It is an awful shame that somewhere someone in possession of a stamp has the right to press it on a contract and thereby approve of luring people in order to make someone a lot of money . It is also an awful shame that the creating artists -LRB- and their fans -RRB- have to depend on the megalomanic business type suites who wo n't settle for less than a 1000 % profit in order to grow green and probably physically as well ... no , no one has managed to talk Don Van Vliet into releasing the original tapes of the original `` Bat Chain Puller , '' for which Frank Zappa was the executive producer . In fact - no one outside a very selected group of people -- Van Vliet 's closest friends -- has even had the honor of speaking to him for the last ten years . He is very isolated , and according to the seemingly trustworthy sources of Mike Barnes ' book `` Captain Beefheart , The Biography , '' he is also quite uninterested in anything that has to do with his musical past -LRB- which he incidentally gave up in 1982 , -RRB- as he has spent all his artistic power on painting the last 20 + years.Available on DVD , John `` Drumbo '' French -- partly as drummer and partly as frontman for the reunited Magic Band -- introduces `` Floppy Boot Stomp '' during a 2003 live show as a song from `` Shiny Beast '' and `` the unreleased Bat Chain Puller . '' The real `` Bat Chain Puller , '' -- partly re-recorded and released as `` Shiny Beast -LRB- Bat Chain Puller -RRB- '' 2 years after its intended release -- was never released in 1976 due to contractual problems . Zappa 's manager had `` bleeped '' Zappa over which resulted in him being unable to participate in the production of the album -LRB- at least with the sum of money and amount of work he had originally offered to put in . -RRB- The Zappa Family Trust now own the real studio tapes to the original `` Bat Chain Puller '' -LRB- of which Van Vliet may or may not be in possession of copies of -RRB- and did propose a release to Van Vliet in the late 90 's , but got back a `` no '' from the artist who seemingly , as mentioned , had -LRB- and has -RRB- no interest in discussing his musical past . What `` Dust Sucker '' is -- compared to the gold that the ZFT is sitting on at the moment -- is barely yellow lights on oil beads.Ozit-Morpheus Records , who advertise this sucker , claim that it 's a legitimate release , which is unlikely for a number of reasons . For one thing , there 's a bit missing at the beginning of the track `` Bat Chain Puller '' - JUST like on the bootlegs that has spread for nearly 30 years now . The music is otherwise great here - as is all the music on `` Shiny Beast , '' but this is a bootleg -LRB- with false advertisement on its cover -RRB- of an album that has never been available to the public . There has been a release of this music simply called `` Bat Chain Puller '' -LRB- a double CD with the 1967 album `` Safe as Milk '' in mono on disc 2 -RRB- which naturally also is a bootleg , but has better sound quality than `` Dust Sucker . `` I 'm amazed that someone in possession of a low-quality bootleg and the ability to make up unlikely stories as to why it 's a legitimate copy may legally be granted the process of production for it to be offered as widely as `` Dust Sucker '' is.If you , just like I , would like to listen to `` Bat Chain Puller '' as it was intended for the listener , then do not purchase this album or any other bootlegs - wait and hope for it to be properly released somewhere in between now and your death , but if you want to get an approximate idea just for comparison with `` Shiny Beast , '' then go ahead , send the bootleggers some money . A warning must be made , though
 The original Bat Chain Puller is due to be released by Zappa records on 13th Feb. , remastered with 3 bonus tracks from the same line up . THIS IS NOT IT . Dust Sucker is a poor quality , badly mastered version , with 6 bonus tracks from different line ups . It appears that Dust Sucker is being re released on the same date as The Original Bat chain Puller is coming out , in the hope of getting some sales of the back of it in the confusion . Do n't buy Dust Sucker , buy Original Bat Chain Puller on Zappa records . Not Currently available on Amazon but available on pre order at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 For whatever reason this deplorable bootleg has not been pulled from the market , nor has bootleg vendor OZIT been sued yet . If you want to hear the real , legitimate , officially released BAT CHAIN PULLER , please buy the edition that the Zappa Family Trust is releasing as of February 2012 . Do n't say you were n't warned about this shoddy ripoff !
 Dont buy this album , its a bootleg -LSB- Unofficial -RSB- CD . Tatu will not recieve a dime from the sales of this CD .
 It 's sad , but it happens - bootleg CDs get put up for sale on Amazon and they ca n't remove them fast enough . I commented on two other bootleg sales and ca n't find them any longer , obviously Amazon took them down and new identical ones came and took their place . Some people just do n't have any shame at all.If you 're going to call on Amazon to remove these CDs , you should rather suggest that they blacklist the seller , remove any means to buy the item and mark it as fake . That way , no customer would ever have to be fooled again .
 i guess i expect to much out of a cd these days . i only want to hear good songs and good music . i was sadly disappointed in this cd . predictable and boring.save your cash .
 I bought this cd thinking it was by the band Prime STH . I listened to it anyways since i had just purchased it and it was now part of my collection . I was unfortunately very disappointed . The singer 's voice is high pitched and annoying . I couldnt even make it through the entire cd . And now , i have a cd that will either end up under the bed , or in the garbage .
 This cd is n't TOO bad but at the same time I wish i had n't bought it . I think the singer said to himself `` Let 's see how i can ruin this record by whining like a country singer all emotionally '' . -LRB- And in a realllly bad way -RRB- Oddly enough , the absolute best song these guys ever put out is n't featured on either of their cd 's . -LRB- Sweet Summer -RRB- Besides the fact that this is missing that gem of a song , it 's nothing like the first cd . Nothing quite like the cathy pop rhythms of Do n't Stop on this cd . Just kinda BLAND soft rock . I recommend downloading Sweet Summer as it is their best song by FAR and perhaps possibly buying the first cd , but do n't waste your time on this one .
 I like pop music , but I do n't want to be bored by it . Jason Mraz is at least interesting musically . I have to agree with the others , this record does n't quite cut it for me .
 This record is so predictable like many others of its genre . I do n't know why I bother listening to music anymore . I would n't have written a review , but this record is worse than most . Crappy sounding as well .
 This is the worst cd i have ever heard . If you like no hooks and , emotionless dribble then this is the record for you . was this recorded through an A.M. radio ? I would n't give this cd to my worst enemy.THIS SUCKS !!! I want my money back !!!
 If you like this album you will probably like any other mediocre band out there now . It is the same recycled music over and over . Over singing and generic guitars make for a bland album . Just my opinion .
 Aside from a few tracks , namely the memorable airship theme and few others , the CD is n't much more than a novelty ; something to add to your collection . But look at it this way - it 's Uematsu ! Really , you ca n't much go wrong there ...
 THIS GUY IS SSOOOOOOOO WACK IT HURTS ... HE RECYCLES SO MANY LINES AND EVERY ALBUM OF HIS THAT YOU BUY HAS THREE TO FOUR DUPLICATE TRACKS FROM THE ALBUM BEFORE JUST WITH A DIFFERENT BEAT . ITS RIDICULOUS ... WHAT ARE THEY PAYING HIM FOR . HE DOES N'T EVER COME WITH ANY NEW MATERIAL ... HIS KKKILER FETUS ALBUM HAD NUMEROUS RECYCLED SONGS FROM THE CLOSED CASKET ALBUM AS DID THE GOTHAM CITY CD ... JUST LIKE THE HELLTER SKELLLTER ALBUM , AND ALL OF HIS SUBSIQUENT ALBUMS FOLLOWED SUIT ... HOW ARE THESE PEOPLE GIVING HIM 5 STAR REVIEWS , I HAVE LOST ALL HOPE IN HIP HOP . WHATEVER HAPPENED TO ORIGINALITY .
 Give it up everyone , Rammstein is dead . This album is so soft it does n't even deserve to be a German based CD . Not even Rosenrot can save this album.They have sold-out , producing a soft , nu-metal tainted record that ca n't compare to their other amazing albums.RIP RAMMSTEIN
 From the endless scum-bucket of reality popstars comes the latest manufactured , smiley-faced gimp - Ray Quinn , runner up in this years ... . oh , like it matters . They 're all the same . Cut out and keep cardboard garbage for single-mothers and morons to faint over.So what do we EXPECT from a reality star 's album ? A variety of hastily compiled cover versions , to cash-in while the going 's good and people remember who they are ? Well , that 's the norm , and before this fang-faced little weasel vanishes forever he 's done just that , but its somehow even more lazy and contrived than before.Pop history lesson - Robbie Williams created a MONSTER with his `` Swing When You 're Winning '' album ; a collection of jazz standards that , to his credit , he did actually have a genuine love for . While the album sucked , it was an original idea and it sold by the bucketload . So , of course , people copied the idea . There was a horrific album of reality popstars doing the same songs -LRB- and guess where ALL of those `` artists '' are now ? Exactly - singing in a shopping mall near you -RRB- and then Westlife did the same thing , mudering songs they have no passion for and have no idea how to sing them.And so why fix something if it ai n't broken , eh ? Here comes Ray , singing those same songs with all the plausibility that a teenage werewolf-lookalike could possibly have - zero . It 's beyond awful , of course , but its also frankly insulting . Talk about uninspired . Talk about contrived and easy-option . Well , he DID come from reality TV so that 's no real surprise.Of course it sold well . They all do , these fly-by-night chancers . Let 's wait for six months from now , where he follows in the trails of 99 % of the other reality-pop dross , and the 13 year old pregnant girls and council estate scum have moved on to the next idiot from the conveyor belt.This sort of rubbish is KILLING pop music . Do n't even dream of being tempted with this.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 I was looking for music to exercise with and this CD did not meet my needs , I am not sure who would like this .
 How can there be an influences record for Sarah McLachlan without any Joan Biaz . The woman her mother listened to all the time and made her want to become a singer ?
 Just a note
 Just a note
 DaCapo tends to be a fairly reliable record company when it comes to performances and sound , so this complete disaster of a disc might take some by surprise . It does not really take that long to find an explanation , however . Henning Wellejus -LRB- 1919-2002 -RRB- seems to have played a role in Danish musical life for a while , and this is probably the reason why DaCapo felt compelled to release a disc like this . One can imagine the folks at DaCapo and in Danish musical life in general carrying these projects out dutifully and with reluctant politeness , smiling and interacting with the composer with somewhat stiff cordiality . One wishes that someone had told Wellejus the truth , however , and given DaCapo a chance to scrap the project . The truth is that Wellejus 's lack of musical talent reaches almost epic proportions ; indeed , I am willing to deem it to be possibly the most embarrassingly bad music I have heard on disc -LRB- that includes Anthony Scarmolin and Michael Conway Baker , though Tippett 's opera New Year might admittedly still be a serious challenger -RRB- . No wonder the performers here did n't manage to conjure up much enthusiasm . Indeed the fact that they actually managed to play through it from beginning to end mostly without giving up is pretty admirable.Wellejus 's style generally takes as its point of departure the worst of British Light Music from the forties and fifties and bears some relation to the background music for cheaply made Scandinavian documentaries from the same era . That makes it sound better than it is , however . The problem is that Wellejus usually comes up with a -LRB- banal -RRB- white-note tune of five notes , usually the kind of tune a seven year old would come up with to accompany some bawdy self-made rhyme . Then he adds a new phrase . Repeat . You can just as well forget about overall structure or argument right away . The music will march on for a while - banally insistent at best - but if there is some structural unity it is achieved by simple repetition -LRB- not variation -RRB- . As for scoring , I could have done better myself , and that is a pretty damning verdict.Now , the program starts out with the only work in which Wellejus actually comes up with a decent tune -LRB- `` decent '' in the sense that one would not have minded it as background music for a third-rate children 's television program -RRB- . Perhaps it would even have been worth hearing once if the performers had not -LRB- apparently -RRB- been sight-reading . But at least they could be bothered to try . That is more than one can say of the cello concerto . In fact , in the cello concerto the composer seems to try his hands at a more serious composition ; it is probably a failure , but it is admittedly a little hard to tell from this performance . Indeed , the players do n't even quite start together , and only occasionally do they play in tune or get to a bar line at the same time . The soloist is the worst of the lot . If you ever wondered what `` bad intonation '' means , this would be a prime illustration , and I can not recall ever having heard playing so entirely out of tune -LRB- or rhythm -RRB- . It is actually a little fascinating , but not in a good way.The ten-minute oboe concerto and the seven-minute Concerto piccolo for orchestra are merely irritating . For the really horrible stuff , turn to the Concerto choregraphique , which lasts for a good 26 minutes . It is a model of auditory torture from start to end , and this time the composer is clearly to blame . While listening you 'll probably come to the conclusion that things ca n't get much worse , but oh boy , they can . `` Our Childhood Friends '' is a 14-minute suite in nine movements , and an attempt to illustrate childhood memories in music . So in this case Wellejus actually tries , consciously , to create music reminiscent of children 's rhymes . And not to put too fine a point on it , I suspect most ordinary children would have been able to improvise something better - though words will really fail to convey how astonishingly horrible this music is . When the program ends with the worthless miniature `` The Stagecoach Rolls Away '' the listener -LRB- at least this listener -RRB- should be grateful , but at this point it is actually rather difficult to generate anything resembling a positive attitude or state of mind at all.In short , I suppose those who are fascinated with really , really bad stuff -LRB- i.e. the musical equivalent of movie buffs who enjoy `` Plan 9 from outer space '' , `` Cobra Force '' or `` Troll 2 '' -RRB- might be able to find something to enjoy on this disc . But life is too short , and this disc is simply too bad , for me to recommend it even for that purpose . To top it all the sound quality is horrible . Not that it matters .
 I understand lowbut , I would like listen BRANT BJORK & OPERATORSIN THIS SITE . IN OTHER TIME , PERHAPS.THANKS
 A mediocre performance by a professional pianist . By playing the 3rd movement of Mozart # 23 without looking the CD label , you would think this could be a pretty good amateur young player performing at a local winning concert . Did n't hear any elegance of Mozart . Sorry for the renowned orchestra .
 The george carlin box set suffers from the same kind of malady other comedy cd reissues suffer from
 It 's without doubt a good work . This debut-cd is made by true musicians such as the great Kai Hansen , the power-drummer Thomen from Blind Guardian , the excellent Grave Digger 's Piet Sielck , but , if you listen to it again and again you understand the total lack of originality . There are beautiful songs like `` Atlantis Falling '' , `` Brave New World '' , `` Iron Savior '' and the immortal `` Watcher in the Sky '' , included in the cult-cd by Gamma Ray `` Somewhere out in Space '' , but during the listening session you get a deja-vu feeling which spoils everything ... in substance this is not a must-have , it 's something that you can buy if you want to increase your collection , if power metal is your life , if you want a work made by three stars of metal ... an advice ? If you love power metal look at Gamma Ray , Helloween , -LRB- the Helloween of the Keepers , of course -RRB- , Eldritch , Labyrinth , Stratovarius , Manowar if you are interested to something of very powerful , otherwise , if you want at any cost something of Iron Savior buy their new release , `` Unification '' , whose cover of Black Sabbath `` Neon Knights '' is worth the price of the disc.Hail Brothers of True Metal , keep the faith alive !!!
 I 'm a huge fan of Kai Hansen . I also like very much some recent works by German powermetal bands -LRB- `` EXCALIBUR '' by Grave Digger and `` NIGHTFALL ON MIDDLE EARTH '' by BLind Guardian , for example -RRB- . But Kai Hansen appearance in IRON SAVIOR is almos as guest , since Pit Sielck writes all the songs , sings , plays guitar , bass and keyboards !!! The result is an album in which you clearly see the musicians skills , but where every song sounds the same
 God , another European power / melodic metal band !!! THis one had a good start , possessing Kai Hansen along their ranks . So I went for it !! What a deception !!! It 's so repetitive , boring , dumb . If you like real metal , I can say these guy tried to do it , but failed miserably !!
 Rumor has it that Cinnamon Moonpie -LRB- better known as C-Murder -RRB- had wanted to title his CD `` Trapped in a Man 's Ass '' , but his handlers warned that it might dampen sales . They also forced him to change some of the more explicitly homoerotic lyrics into more standard gangsta bling-bling tropes . Personally , I think the original concept would have been a refreshing change of pace . I 've been waiting for a long time for a rapper with the guts to admit he 's not afraid to love another man in the most intimately physical way . We 've known for years about CM 's tastes and proclivities , but the hypocrisy of the music biz forces gay rappers to hide their true nature beneath transparent macho posturing , lest they alienate their more dimwitted , less progressive fans . But if you read between the lines , it 's pretty clear what they 're really on about.Say it loud , say it proud , my beautiful gay black brothers !
 The beats on this CD are alot better than what No Limit has put out before . I just wish C Murder could get off Tupac 's jock because he 's got Tupacs flow all up in his mouth .
 altough some of the music is not bad and the lyrics are n't all that stupid the ridiculois voice of C-Murder make this album not an atractive hear , besides he uses a lot of samples
 waste of money , do NOT get this , this is poser rip-off rap , at it 's worst , c-murder blatanly rips off 2pac rhyming style , the beats are throwaway at best ... they stock is crumblin
 I 'm really not sure what to think about this new Gay Gangsta Rap . It seems to me that the whole rap genre itself is inherently hostile to a gay sensibility . I appreciate the effort Bambu Taschiaglou -LRB- C-Murder 's real name -RRB- has put into trying to use rap to make the black gangsta community accept these alternative lifestyles and lovestyles , but the music itself projects a mindset inimical to any sort of tolerance for `` Greek '' love . Young Mr. Tasciaglou would do better to try his luck with torch ballads or barbershop quartets , perhaps .
 The whole cd is re-renditions of the originals . No Mike Post involved , no Larry Carlton 's signature guitar sound in the main theme . Disappoining .
 I 'm no stranger to so-called ` alternative ' hip hop , having a healthy lot of the better of the crop already in my collection . But this album needs to be thrown in the bargain bin , it 's bloody horrible ! It 's bound to get good reviews , as it 's the `` almighty '' unmesswittable Busdriver , AKA artist with the worst name ever , AKA God to clones -LRB- sorry , fans -RRB- who fancy themselves as pseudo-intellectuals . After all , they are so * different * are n't they ? Those of us who dared to cop that Lil ' Wayne CD `` just do n't understand '' . As for the album , it 's weird . Weird can be good , or it can be godawful . No , clones , I 'm not `` missing the point '' - there IS NO point . After 5 painful listens -LRB- I TRIED to like it -RRB- , I can barely remember one single line from this backpacker holy grail . ` Unemployed Black Astronaught ' -LRB- or whatever the hell it 's called -RRB- is the only track that is even halfway memorable , with a catchy line or two . That is ALL folks . The production is alright , if someone released the instrumentals I might just force myself to sit and chill to it . Until that day , the normally decent Big Dada remains to be a Big Joke , in my opinion .
 As a die hard music fan , I usually tend to by greatest hits albums from my favorite bands . It just depends on what songs are on the album , whether or not it is missing any songs , and if so , how many songs it does n't have that it should . I thought that Warrant 's first greatest hits compilation , `` The Best of Warrant '' , was pretty good , with only a few exceptions
 Whatever . The only one demonstrating the slightest amount of talent is the singer , who used to be in O.L.D along with bass player Plotkin . They should have stuck to what they knew . The singing/shrieking is best described as excrutiating , but the music has no redeeming features . I 've nothing against detuning but detuning this far just makes the guitar sound poorly tuned and badly played . To me it 's extreme for extreme 's sake , like making it sound plain crap was their primary objective . Mission accomplished , 2/10 .
 how can you people listen to this ? this is so awful . i ca n't stand this ... abomination . the pace is so gruelingly slow . i dont mind slow songs every now and then , but jesus , this is slower than slow . these guys give a new meaning to the word slow . it may be a little bit more listenable if they picked up the pace just a little bit . but its so slow , how can they even play that slow , its so mindnumbing , i cant stand it , it drives me insane . its so dark , and its also frightening . i just can not listen to it . the only reason i checked this horrific disc out is because it got such rave reviews . call me what you will , but i would not recomend this to anybody . i can not see how anybody could like this . its so awful .
 I would rather listen to pigs fart than this crap . This is not only the worst doom I have ever heard , it is the worst music of any genre . This band is to doom what Nitro was to hair metal .
 This is a bootleg . There are legal releases with much better sound quality . Buy Grooving Kingston 12 -LRB- Hip-O Records -RRB- , Completer Wailers parts 2 and 3 -LRB- JAD Records -RRB- or African Herbsman -LRB- Trojan Records -RRB- instead .
 I 've tried ordering this title twice , and received the CD `` Canada Songs '' by the Daughters instead both times . I 've since discovered that when you add it to your cart , it comes up as Naked Apes and Pond Life by Daughters -LRB- which still does n't explain why I got the Canada Songs CD by Daughters -RRB- . Arrgh . I 've given up on ordering it until Amazon corrects it 's database .
 Weak quality throughout . Even the cover art is clearly printed out on a computer printer , similar to what a good CD-R bootleg looks like . Perhaps that 's the point - this album was rejected by a record label in the early '90s . Therefore , you should consider this a collection of Demos . Weak ones too ... What I loved about Shriekback was the groove and the constant edgy vibe , like mysterious sex in dark passionate places . That sounds ridiculous of course , but Shriekback made it work - their best was just that sensual and weird . 1992 's ` Sacred City ' was a patchy comedown from ` Big Night Music ' or ` Oil & Gold ' , but the best moments captured the Shriekback vibe perfectly . You should check out ` Sacred City ' ... You can ignore this CD . I 'm amazed how flat & disjointed it sounds . Do n't be misled - 7 of these 14 tracks are under 2 minutes , just instrumental jams caught on tape . They do n't buffer the real songs well , and are completely dismissable . -LRB- They do make the album appear longer though . -RRB- The recording budget was clearly small , the studio time limited as well . On the positive side , there 's a lot of unusual stringed instruments and ethnic percussion you do n't hear on most records . That definitely helps , but Eh . `` UnSong '' is sly and works perfectly - this strong song will hold up well on any ` Greatest Hits ' package . It makes the rest of the CD seem even slighter . Shame on you `` UnSong '' ! Oh cruel fate . I 'm resigned to the fact a unique '80s band that was great so often will soon be forgotten . ` Naked Apes & Pond Life ' wo n't help Shriekback 's cause in the slightest . Sadly , I 'll bet it 's the last I hear from them . -LRB- Please prove me wrong , guys . -RRB-
 I am really bothered by the way Michael Ball delivered the songs in this CD . He is so over-acting , no subtlety whatsover . It sounded amateurish and over-done . I hope he learns how to town down in the future . His take on `` The Winner Takes it All '' is so softy in approach . Please , no more over the top performace . Only Barbra Streisand can pull that one !!!!
 I keep hoping that Ball will release an album that is n't as overproduced as his vibrato but I have yet to hear it . How can an album this uncreative seem so pretentious ? I wish Ball would follow in the footsteps of Bernadette Peters , Patti LuPone and others who have toned down their vocals and orchesrations and give us a more intimate and diverse look at what he can do . Please save the theatrics for the Original Cast Albums!Just my opinion.JMF
 I must respectfully disagree with the 5 star rating for this CD . The reason being is that I have never heard such muck up of Vivaldi 's `` Four Seasons '' . I have to admit I bought this CD purely for Piazzolla 's `` 4 Seasons '' and now I am convinced that I definitely must search for a different performance of it , being almost certain that this one is not doing it justice .
 If you wish to hear the best audiophile version of Piazzolla 's Four Seasons , now you have the chance to do it with the new work of Ara Malikian int the album `` No Seasons '' with the Non Profit Music Chamber Orchestra . Search for it in Amazon .
 I have listened only to the Lalo , not having mustered the courage to try the rest . This is the most disappointing performance , recorded , live or dreamt I have experienced in the last ten years . It is a good example of either bad or good engineering . If you like to play with equalizations and special reverb effects , this may be your cup of tea , because the orchestra overbalances the violin throughout . In fact , nearly every measure sounds remastered . The opening which usually , in two measures , announces a VIOLIN and the promise of all its colors and potential sounds as if it is coming from a cave down by a dry riverbed in Afghanistan . The added reverberation is everybody 's favorite small town gymnasium . There is no ensemble or evident consultation in this recording . Mr. Repin might as well have played alone or with an old 78 add a part record . Lalo gives a small direction `` molto ritmico '' . That means very strict rhythm . The 1st Mvt . is all over the place . Overall , the orchestra is jerky , dragging its broken leg and hopping on its sprained one . There is no Spanish grace or charm and absolutely no Moorish schmaltz . Where a marcato might be okay in the third Mvt , Mr. Repin ca n't decide whether he wants the main theme legato or detached . Mr. Lalo , however , made it pretty clear . Repin sizzles in the last Mvt. , but he and the orchestra are never together , and Lalo 's orchestration is a wonder of the literature . What wasted virtuosity . The orchestra 's entrance is actually muddy . Do n't waste money on this thing ; get a recording of first year Suzuki students doing Twinkle-Twinkle instead .
 I got interested in this group as I was looking at a U-Tube video that utilized the song `` Lullaby '' from the Bond Classified album as back-drop music . I was so mesmerized by the tune I bought every Bond album there was available as well as this Live video . Unfortunately , for me - all the other songs on all the other albums were nothing like the `` Lullaby '' song and quite honestly , I threw everything else in the trash . This is not to say that the group plays bad music or are untalented in any respect ... This type of Techno-Symphony is just not my speed ... I prefer soft rock as opposed to this .
 not as good as Celtic Woman or Hanley Westenra ... I would say not half good . I can say they have great talent , but artistically ... wrong managed . Stopped watching after 30 min .
 The one time I attempted to watch this concert was immediately after watching `` Miracle '' by the 12 Girls Band -LRB- both concerts were on the same DVD for some odd reason -RRB- . I was able to sit through only a few pieces before having to eject the DVD . While `` Miracle '' showed the 12 Girls Band to be a class act exhibiting skillful musicianship , elegance and femininity , Bond came across like some goofy teenage girls lacking class , elegance and femininity . OK , so they are skillful musicians ; not good enough .
 What 's not to like about four hot chicks shaking their bottoms playing classical music ? `` Victory '' , the song you probably heard in the watch commercial is by far their best song . All the others are not so great . Unfortunately , it gets tiresome after a while , the bottom-shaking and classical music - definitely not something that will stay with us for a while .
 Listen once to `` The 1812 '' and you will understand my one-star rating . The 1812 Overture is , admittedly , a little cheesy , but nothing deserves the treatment Bond give it.Classical instruments do not need a dance beat and electrification to be cool . Listen to anything by the band Apocalyptica , or even Godspeed You ! Black Emperor -LRB- who use celli -RRB- -- there is music out there that pushes the boundaries of traditional classical music , and does it well , without resorting to electronic beats and scantily clad women.If you must order this , order Apocalyptica 's `` Cult '' with it , for purposes of comparison .
 What 's not to like about four hot chicks shaking their bottoms playing classical music ? `` Victory '' , the song you probably heard in the watch commercial is by far their best song . All the others are not so great . Unfortunately , it gets tiresome after a while , the bottom-shaking and classical music - definitely not something that will stay with us for a while .
 This product is good for UK only . To play in USA you need to find a DVD player which has capability for changing Region Code to UK and that you may be able to do it on computer but not on DVD player in USA . I order it in USA , prodact came from Uk and I could n't play it on my most advanced DVD player .
 well i as well saw/heared the DVD playing at a local electronic store and was tempted to buy it.after the first time playing it i was dissapointed to find only a couple notes worthy of listenign to.after the 2nd round the dvd became old.the impressions looked fake and the energy everybodys talking about somehow didnt show on my DVD.to sum it up , i expected something new and exciting and i found an early 80 ` s like band playing on a cheap movie.not really recomended .
 very disapointed in this DVD!it is not live ! they are very obviously faking playing to a recordingthat being said , I enjoy the cds and will probably buy future releases ... but after watching the dvd , it makes me wonder if there is a Milli Vanilli thing going on here
 I am a fan of nearly all the pieces on this disc . I will not critique the music , but this version.Most of this rendition of Lincolnshire is simply boring . Not particularly offensive -LRB- except for the occasional intonation or timing blip -RRB- , but not exciting.Mvt 2 of Lincolnshire Posy , however , is the most antiseptic -LRB- and to me offensive -RRB- rendering of Horkstow Grange that I have ever heard recorded . It is as if the conductor intentionally ignored every moment of interest in the movement . It 's not just the nonchalant and flippant tempo , but there are key moments of interest and tension that are disregarded.Molly on the Shore has some significant timing issues especially in the woodwinds and especially throughout the first 45 seconds or so of the piece.Colonial Song suffers mostly from intonation issues - again primarily in the woodwinds.Sussex Mummers has it 's intonation issues as well , but again , is musically static . It 's all the same dynamic and is simply a boring performance.The Britten and Warlock are more musically inspired performances , but recording quality is middling.I simply do not like this CD . There are much better recordings of every piece on here .
 I 've been interested in the Phoenix catalog , which has made valuable reissues of interesting material from the Desto and Everest catalogs and other obscure LP labels from the 1970s , the only drawback being that many of these reissues were `` straight '' from the LPs , with no filler , short timings and all -LRB- see my reviews ofSymphony No. 4/Milena , Kingdom Come/Machinations , Songs Drones and Refrains of Death/Concertino for Chamber Orchestra -RRB- . Not so here , as this disc culls together a full LP and the partial contents of another one , for a generous enough TT of 63:23 . The works for band by Percy Grainger , played by the UCLA Wind Ensemble under James Westbrook , were recorded digitally in 1980 and came out on Var&egrave;se / Sarabande 100050 -LRB- cut at 45rpm to ensure better sound reproduction -RRB- . The Flagello-conducted Britten and Warlock compositions were taped in October 1977 and first issued on Peters International PLE-054 with works of Francis Chagrin -LRB- Five Aquarelles -RRB- and Alan Rawsthorne -LRB- Light Music for Strings -RRB- . The only info given on the disc 's cover by the way are the recording dates.Still , having no particular interest in the music for band of Grainger , I would n't have bought this particular CD if I had n't found it in a cut-out bin for 2 euros . I 'm glad I did n't pay more . After hearing it , I still have no great interest for the band music of Grainger . `` Lincolnshire Posy '' , an elaboration composed in 1937 after English folksongs collated by Grainger in 1905-07 , is apparently one of the composer 's most famous pieces in the genre . I can understand its , and Grainger 's other band music 's appeal
 I waited , with anticipation , for this second boxed set and , I 'm sorry to say , with some exceptions , this is not up to the standard set by the first , excellent , boxed set , `` Cry '' . I feel that , apart from the `` Sinner '' tracks and the duets with Timi Yuro , this was rife with `` filler '' material . I think that it is painfully evident why some of the tracks of unreleased material were unreleased.I think that this collection , unlike the first boxed set , is for the new Johnnie Ray fan , and they are legion , or the long-time aficianado , who is determined to own everything that exists by this phenomenal artist . I must say that even an artist as accomplished and unique as Johnnie Ray had some unfortunate recordings and they are on this set , along with the excellent material . So , although this is not a total dog , it 's superfluous tracks are excessive in order to fill out the five cd 's which make up the set.Don ' t misunderstand me . I am a huge Johnnie Ray fan and own everything on CD that is available . I just feel that there was n't enough high-quality material available to compose another collection that would come up to the excellence of the `` Cry '' boxed set .
 These people can not sing on key or write a melody that sounds like more than cacauphony ! Terrible ! I could n't stand to listen to it .
 I love believable picnic 's debut self-titled album and bought welcome to the future on the strength of their first CD . I was so disappointed ! The band 's rock , beatlesque sound was trashed in favor of a tinny pop sound . The new album is ordinary and cheap sounding . Do n't buy it !
 I loved the cover when I saw it , and I was very excited to receive it . I like this artists music , but was not too thrilled with this CD . It was not what I thought it would be , and very `` jungle like ''
 Buy this at a discount price , it 's not something you want to buy for $ 14.00 at a music store .
 As a fan of almost all the genres and sub-genres of music Brian Eno has had his hand in since 1972 , I regretfully say that , other than for it 's collectibility , this pricey set should not be sought by any but the most determined collectors . The packaging is 75 % Japanese in both presentation and content , so it 's not easy for foreigners to assimilate . Too , Eno , contributes musically to only 1 of the 2 cds , so it 's `` half an Eno at thrice the price of one '' . Perhaps he has achieved by issuing this a reduction on the demands for his attention and time . With a few more like this and some of it 's Eno-involved predecessors since 1994 , the wolves may stop circling his door for a while and he can breathe again and create something that has had time to gestate and mature before release .
 This is Fonit Cetra CDMR 5010 , No. 10 of their `` Incontri memorabili '' series -LRB- you can make that out even if you do n't speak a word of Italian -RRB- , devoted to a live concert sponsored by the liquor brand Martini & Rossi , on December 31 , 1956 . It brings together soprano Margherita Carosio -LRB- 1908-2005 -RRB- and tenor Agostino Lazzari -LRB- 1919-1981 -RRB- , with the Orchestra and Chorus of the Milano Radio and Television Orchestra under Enrico Piazza . The sound is not excellent , somewhat distant
 she sounds like ashlee simpson but over nice pianos . Maybe they both went to the same ballet school
 Who is Vanessa Carlton ? How did she ever get a Time Warner commercial ? This commercial plays so often that everytime I hear that voice my skin crawls ... so basically , everytime I turn on my television.Had she been on American Idol she would have been voted off by now ... who do I call to get this commercial voted off TV ? Can you imagine Simon having a critique on this vocalist ? William Hung , you do n't have to worry about your career ... Vanessa is no threat to you.Of course , she is the one TV and I am not ...
 Carlton thinks she is so damn profound , oooooo you came up with one of the most self important pseudo intellectual album names ever in `` Be Not Nobody '' Be Not Nobody ? Try `` Be not educated . '' This girl is a shallow child , and it shows in her daft music . Just because you drop a name like Steinbeck in a song does n't make you smart , or worldly . Here 's a cookie , now shut up and go play with your even more narcissistic pseudo-intellectual boyfriend Johnny Third Eye Blind . These two are cut from the same lame ass hipster mold that you can find in any of the coffee shop of Berkeley , pontificating on their own genius and never realizing that they are not special no matter what people tell them . You want real `` intelligent '' music ; try John Lennon or Tori Amos . Listening to Carlton 's lyrical drivel is like grading a freshmen Philosophy paper , it 's trite and irrelevant .
 She 's right in the middle of the pack of all the prepubescent sounding talentless young female singers that the recording industry is foisting on us . I was on the verge of canceling Time Warner cable when they discontinued her commercial . I hope this is the last we hear of her .
 One of the WORST vocalists out there today . I ca n't think of a more irritating `` singer '' than Ms. Carlton . Thankfully her latest CD bombed so hopefully I wo n't have to be subjected to her pre-school-like vocals .
 Where has Vanessa Carlton been practising her singing ? On karaoke machines?I happened to like her debut , Be Not Nobody , quite a bit . It was a young - sounding record , not hugely mature , but fresh and exuberant . Harmonium , on the other hand , sounds not like a step back but several . Arrangements are uninspired and sound generic rather than specifically tailored to individual songs ; Carlton 's piano on this record sounds like she had exactly two digital presets on her keyboard and used them to track the entire album . The songs are weaker , without a single piano figure as twistily catchy as `` A Thousand Miles '' or a majestically droning riff like `` Unsung '' . But most shocking to me was how badly her vocal technique has deteriorated . On Be Not Nobody , Carlton 's voice sounded girlish , but applied enough gusto in performance that the delivery compensated for the lack of richness . On Harmonium , Carlton sounds like she 's forgotten about melisma , emotion , and variety , and often offkey as well . I 'd expect better performance even from first takes in the studio ; the lead vocals here sound like guide vocals , the kind you use before you 've decided on a melody . Easily the worst vocal performance of the year . The entire album on the performance front just seems lazy , content to only deliver notes rather than give a feeling.The only time this album summons the energy present on Carlton 's debut is on the upbeat track `` Private Radio '' , and even then , past uptempo songs like `` Prince '' and `` Unsung '' walk all over the performances and songwriting on Harmonium . A most glaring case of sophomore slump . Not recommended , even if you liked Carlton 's previous output .
 A friend bought this CD for me as a surprise . I put it on my dresser for weeks before listening to it . Finally I opened it and gave it a chance , over time some of the songs grew on me . `` Who 's To Say '' `` Annie '' `` White Houses '' And `` San Francisco '' are the most attractive songs on the album . `` Who 's To Say '' is my favorite , I ca n't get enough of it.The rest of album seems boring and neverending , I 've tried my best to get into this album as a whole but Vanessa just does n't cut it with this release . I rated `` Harmonium '' 2.5 stars because Vanessa Carlton sounds vocally untrained on most of the songs , She really needs to put in time to meet with a vocal coach , She 's quite pitchy . Her lack of vocal stability is distracting even when the music and lyrics are just right.Theres nothing worse than listening to great songs with powerful lyrics and meaning being sang by someone who makes you cringe . The songs I like have made an impact on me so i 'll be looking forward to her follow-up to this . Hopefully she gets it togetherthe training she needs , I do n't remember having this issue with `` Be Not Nobody '' .
 IT 'S OK , I WOULD SAVE MY $ AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 It sounds somewhat incomplete and boring to me to listen similar kind of tunes through out the whole thing . Still better than figure head type musician but not as good as I hoped . Felt this is the limit of her or the producer so I do n't plan to buy next album if same producer .
 There are a few mildly catchy songs , but tracks like `` Half A Week Before Winter , '' which mentions vampires , `` She Floats , '' which seemingly tells the tale of a ghost , and `` The Wreckage , '' which make it seem like Vanessa has a death wish , are too disturbing for me . Vanessa almost comes off as a suicidal Goth at times , and that 's just weird . This CD is very dark , making it too different from her first album . And there 's nothing as catchy and radio-friendly as `` A Thousand Miles . '' The melodies are usually upbeat and catchy , but the album seems bittersweet because of its depressing lyrics . I do n't like this as much as her debut .
 She 's featured on Time Warner cable commercials in West Tennessee . Her voice is actually quite irritating and the fact she is promoting this CD on an ad in this manner is a huge turn-off .
 She should really be writing and playing songs for other singers .
 The only reason I am writing this is because of that Time Warner commercial that keeps playing on TV was driving me insane ! Now I mute the sound every time it comes on . I kept thinking , `` Why are they showing this local musician on this ad ? '' Then I found out VC is a very popular singer , so I gave this CD a chance by listening to the preview clips above -LRB- maybe the ad did not do her justice , I thought -RRB- . Well , the same weak , thin , and out-of-tune voice is still there . If you 're over 14 years old and like this music , consider yourself tone-deaf -LRB- I 'm a classically trained guitarrist who has played longer than VC has been alive , BTW -RRB- . I think she does have some ability on the piano -LRB- I 'm assuming that 's her on the piano -RRB- , though .
 all right . i admit it . i do n't get it . i had never heard of her before that irritating commercial started airing 500 times a day . i keep the remote handy just so i wo n't hear her bland , uninspired , amateurish rendition of a great stones song . this cd is all fluff . where 's the emotion ? what , does her dad own the studio ?
 If Vanessa plays piano and sings like she does on the Time Warner Cable commercials , than she has a lot of practicing to do .
 There must be an explanation for why Time Warner Cable chose her to do their commercials , but I just do n't get it . Her voice is like fingernails on a chalkboard to me . I 've seen drunk karaoke singers sing better than her . She is everything that is wrong with the music business today - record companies will promote these no-talent artists in advertising , pay off Clear Channel -LRB- who owns 90 + % of all radio stations -RRB- to spin their records , and true artists are left behind . I bet the hair on Mick Jagger 's neck stands up when he thinks of his classic tune being butchered by this nobody in those annoying commercials .
 The cover of this CD is misleading . The songs are not the ones listed . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 CoF perfected the art of music for disconsolate , moody , maladjusted -LRB- `` Goth '' -RRB- teens to commit suicide by . We can only hope more of 'em do -- the world 's gene pool quite obviously needs a good scrubbing . It 's easy to understand the attraction of this dreck -- it 's atmospheric , kind of like elevator music in Dm , Dani Filth is an atrociously horrible singer , and their Edward Gorey meets soft porn cover art doubtlessly appeals to the latent Anglophile that lurks ` neath the heart of every American . -LRB- And come to think of it , some of Dani 's lyrics are as awful as Byron or Shelley 's worst prattlings . -RRB- CoF is amusing from a socio-cultural perspective , but musically they have all the integrity of Billy Ray Cyrus or Mariah Carey .
 Aiken 's fans have been building up for months about how great and fantastic his CD 's going to be and that it 'll sell multi-platinum copies , et al. . Well , Gold is a more realistic view for the simple fact that his CD is just okay . I heard the whole CD at a `` hear it before you buy it '' music store - and I 'm glad I did . I was only impressed by the song that was originally released as a singles i.e. , This Is The Night . Well , at least he tried , but I 'd just as soon spend my money on Neil Sadaka 's Greatest Hits or Country Sensation LeAnn Rhimes upcoming CD .
 Is the music business this desperate to go and sign this poor excuse for a musician to a record contract?A bad CD . Hey Clay , do us all a favor and retire right now , so our ears do n't have to be polluted with this garbage any longer .
 You must be joking . Clay Aiken looks like a fairy . Dresses like a fairy . Talks like a fairy . He looks like he is made out of clay . Ha ! Ha ! Voice is down right awful . CD is a mess . He is definitely a product of poor American TV and should not be given the oppurtunity to put out another wretched album . BLAH !
 Let me just start by saying that I am formally educated in music . Unfortunately , I have the exact same criticism about Clay that many -LRB- including Simon -RRB- have . He 's got a huge voice , but he lacks emotion . He can hit high notes , his voice has a richness , but obvious Clay knows nothing of what he sings about . Song stylists are able to show off their voices and make the audience feel it at the same time . That 's the sort of thing that separates the Wayne Newton 's from the Bruce Springsteen 's ... or the Kelly Clarkson 's from the Sheryl Crowe 's . Mr. Aiken just does n't have that . Screaming out some notes is not singing , it 's just plain screaming . And that 's the reason he was voted number two and not number one on American Idol . It 's not enough to hit notes , make me feel it ... I want to feel what the song is saying . Otherwise , seeing or hearing you perform is not worth the price charged .
 I 'm sure many will argue with me about the title , but I 'll stand by what I said . Even when Clay was on American Idol he had the appearance of a future pop star , just waiting to be manufactured and then propelled into pop stardom . His debut album is less than impressive . Vocal quality here is sub American Idol and the lyrics are vapid and artifical . Take , for instance , some of the lyrics from `` Invisible `` If I was invisibleThen I could just watch you in your roomIf I was invisibleI 'd make you mine tonight.What 's this ? It looks like there 's a little bit of a sexual predator in Clay . And I thought the song `` Possum Kingdon '' by the Toadies was suggestive . And what about the first verse from `` No More Sad Songs '' ? This is the way , That i state my independence , That i 'm no longer connected to your memory . This is the day that i 'm makingmy defection , got ta claim back the affection that you stole from me . I used to hear your music so loud But its so low.You 're just another face in the crowd , I 'm letting you know.This is pure boy band fare . Nothing real about it.In about a year people will see Clay suffering from overexposure and will realize that he has no personality or creative energy . But even before then , I implore you to seek out and support real artists . -LRB- For instance , Ani Difranco , Aimee Mann , Pixies , The Shins , or Henry Rollins -RRB-
 Does this guy tape record himself at night ? For more grade school poetry , nonsensical statements , and Haiku 's written by dumb people go out and get this CD ASAP .
 Just a reminder to Clay . if you want to succeed in the business as a respected singer and performer i suggest that you work w / only the best composers and musical arrangers in the business.I have someone like David Foster in mind . Dianne Warren and even Jim Brickman.I do n't want to see your talent go to waste.Think about it boy . you deserve the best and work w / the best in the business .
 american idol is over rated , clay aikien is over rated , ruben studdard is over rated , the only good thing to come out of american idol is kelly clarkson , this album is crap , i hate to say it but its true , and hes turning into a diva . i got to admit he can sing better than justin timberlake and usher and all those other crap pop singers , but i just dont get why people like this dude . what kind of song is invisible anyway ? i couldnt help but laugh hysterically when i first heard that song , it just doesnt seem to be him . if he sticks to more josh groban type of music , maybe i would like him better ... the operea stlye would fit him pretty good . i dont mean to offend his fans , but truth hurts
 The material on this CD is terrible , and Clay 's uninspired singing just makes the whole endeavor worse . The songs here are as generic and bland as you can imagine , and they contain some of the worst lyrics in pop music history . `` If I were invisible , I would be the smartest man ? '' Poor production values do n't help . Even the most enthusiastic pop devotee is going to have a hard time respecting this slapped-together piece of commercialism.Clay Aiken also does n't do himself any favors with his bland and routine delivery . Clay has a powerful voice , and if he had a little more imagination and a little more artistry , he might have elevated some of this material . Instead , he seems to be relaxing on cruise control as he resorts to predictable phrasing and timing with frustrating regularity . No soul , no subtlety , no artistry.Start to finish , this is an obvious rush effort on the parts of the producers , the songwriters , and Clay himself . At least I hope so .
 I do n't care for Barry . Sure Clay 's a want to be but he does n't compare to Barry . He lacks the cheese of him . Also you ca n't sing along with Clay .
 I wonder why Amazon will not post my review of this album . I loved clay on american idol - but he lost get over it . This album is average at best . Stop pushing him as though he won . Reuben is the winner and Clay 's `` Measure of a Man '' does not measure up to Reuben 's `` Soulful '' .
 This is n't music , people . How can you call this good ? It is overproduced , oversung and a whole lot of crap.Clay ca n't even write his own songs . His first single from this album , `` Invisible '' , was n't even written FOR him . It was copied off a Irish boyband named D-Side , who hit the UK charts with that song originally . Clay 's writers wo n't even write him original songs - they steal them off someone else . The D-Side version of `` Invisible '' is great - Clay 's version is boooooring . He sucks all the fun out of it , and makes it into a generic , bland filler song.All these songs sound generic and boring - I was just about falling asleep by track two . By the end of the CD , I was ready to throw my stereo out the window . I bought this CD to give Clay a try - ` maybe his album will be better then that god awful single Bridge Over Troubled Waters ' I thought . I WAS WRONG ! This is complete rubbish and I 'm angry I wasted money on this . Listening to that CD took away precious minutes of my life I ca n't get back!But no doubt , this CD will be a hit . He 'll go straight to No. 1 , and everyone will be taunting me with the fact `` Clay got to No. 1 hahahaha '' . But , really I do n't care ! If Clay is so damn brilliant , WHY DID N'T HE WIN AMERICAN IDOL ? If everyone loves him sooooo much , why did Ruben win ? Should n't Clay have won ? Think about it , people . He came second for a reason . HE 'S RUBBISH . I 'm surprised he even got to to the last three - it should have been Kimberley and Ruben in the final , not Clay.Ok , well I know I 'll get loads of unhelpful votes for this review , but I had to get my opinion out there - not everyone can like the same music . If we did , the world would be very boring!I rest my case , that this CD is so rubbish I ca n't even review the tracks , they 're soooo boring -LRB- because usually I do a track rundown -RRB- . I 'd probably fall asleep writing it out because they all sound the same . There you go - I just did a rundown , THEY 'RE ALL THE SAME!This is my opinion , and I am allowed my opinion so just respect it please - I respect yours for liking Clay . I do n't go badmouthing people who slag off my favourite artists , so please do n't give me unhelpful votes just because I do n't like Clay . That 's petty . Thank you for reading my review .
 Do n't get me wrong . Clay can really sing . His voice is good enough , but his music is just so corny and boring . All ballads and wan na be broadway sounding songs . I ca n't even bear to listen . I only do it to figure out what all the furor is about . I still have n't . Save yourself the effort .
 If Measure of a Man is supposed to be good music , than Clay Aiken does n't measure up.Who in the name of God got hold of this exceptionally talented singer and talked him into singing third rate songs in second-rate country rock style ?! Who coached him into sacrificing his natural appeal and remarkable voice to accomodate the masses who pay for this kind of commercialized junk ? This CD will offend anyone who knows and appreciates quality music - and Clay Aiken knows it.If he had sung any one of these two-bit songs just as he sings on this CD , all three American Idol judges would have laughed him off the stage and out the back door within 10 seconds.Popular does not equal good , and CDs like this show us why . Clay - please tell us you have n't sold your musical soul for an interlude of fame and fortune . Stick with what you really are - a man of exceptional talent , integrity and good taste.What a waste ! - Lover of Good Music . Disgusted with this CD
 In the new edition of webster 's they should stick a photo of this to define `` schmalz '' . Oh my god , is this what our music culture has devolved to ? . This album was inflicted on me as I was in Border 's the other day . I left without buying anything , which is unusual for me . By the way , cats are wonderful creatures .
 This album has got to be the most boring , unimaginative CD of the year . All of these five-star reviews are very misleading . I feel that most of them have been written by obsessed Clay fans who feel the need to heap praise on Measure Of A Man simply because `` It 's Clay !!! '' Do n't be misled ! I would n't recommend buying this record for anyone as Christmas gift , unless you are trying to make an enemy . A better gift idea would be Speakerboxxx/The Love Below by Outkast , or Elephant by The White Stripes . Merry Un-Clay Christmas !
 I 'm sorry to every Claymate out there but Clay Aiken is n't really my type . He 's annoying , whiny , and not meaningful . It seems like hes marketing to 5th graders and his mom . Invisible is NOT a meaningful love song , its just pure pop . If you want to listen to meaningful male vocals , I would suggest Coldplay , Keane , or Alexi Murdoch.I do think that Clay Aiken has a good voice for Broadway or theater , but when he produces an over the top pop album such as this , he 's wasting his talent .
 While Clay has a great voice this album was a total bore . Every song sounds exactly the same and I am glad I only listened to the album and did n't waste my money . There are about two good songs off the album and I am already want to puke from hearing one of them .
 Absolutely disgusting ... If pop was a plush leather armchair this album would be a faux vinyl toilet seat . It is absolute trash without one original or intriguing ballad . In fact , every song sounds exactly the same with the exception of slight variations in the hook , courtesy of the talent created by having army of song writers who of course become the unmentioned masses on the final product . I read a CNN interview in which the head of RCA compared this milktoast elf to justin timberlake and christina aguilera . What a tragedy that someone this talentless who can not even write his own bland predictable songs ... would be compared to people who actually work for a living , putting out original music . I am sure that no matter how bad the reviews are that there are people that will still buy this album ... the same people that had to touch the stove that their parents told them was hot , just to prove it to themselves . However , for the rest of you who are not pinning over Clay 's `` latent '' innocense , save your time and money . If you want to listen to a talented musician who does n't write his own songs , they still sell Sinatra albums .
 It is obvious that Clay Aiken has talent - there is no fooling about that . He is definitely one of the most talented pop stars out there right now . However , the people producing this album did a poor job showcasing the talent that Clay Aiken holds . Every song on this album sounds the same . The emotions portrayed by Clay are not very diverse ; every emotion fits into either the category of `` I am singing about pain '' or `` We are going to get through the pain '' . The truth is that this album is painful enough to actually sit and listen to . The only song on this less-than-quality debut that is worth listening to is the title track , `` Measure Of A Man . '' This song is in a realm of its own , actually having a worthwhile message.In summation , the talent is there , the album is not . Maybe next time , Clay .
 It 's AMAZING how horrible this CD is . The truth needs to be told , and the other reviews for this CD up to this point are very misleading . Clay has talent for sure . It takes talent to dupe all of America into thinking you have a wonderful voice . Clay , I love you , you 're my homey , but for God 's sake . . stop making music . Or at least release it independently so we do n't have to see and hear this CD everywhere we go . The first two tracks are disappointing . Three and four are boring , and the rest are just plain gut-wrenchingly awful . I 'm sorry for all you Clay fans out there that will have problems with what I 'm saying but please be honest with yourselves and boycott Aiken .
 Sorry . This CD was a great disappointment . The songs are terrible . These songs are not meant for Clay 's voice . He needs to sing better songs than whats on this Cd . Where 's the power of Clay 's voice . He needs to pick his songs carefully in the future . Very disappointed with this one .
 Clay has a fantastic voice . There is NO doubt about that , but the music seems forced and contrived . Maybe if I listen more I may learn to like it , but for now , I 'm disappointed in the effort , not Clay 's voice , the production ...
 Most Clay fans are buying from 2 - 10 copieseach to help boost his sells ! This isunfair giving us a false number of peopleactually buying ! But how else can theykeep him in that number one spot withthat slop ! Yeah , he 's number one all right!A one star rating !!!!
 Ladies and gentlemen , I present to you ... Jack Wagner reincarnated . Or is it Michael Bolton ? Either way , this sound should have died with the 80 's . For those who claim Clay is a boy band extension , may I respectfully say
 Wow , this is one of the worst CDs I 've listened to all year long . Clay has talent , but I do n't understand how someone could care so little about the music they 're putting out . Cliched , soulless , derivative schlock . Does n't he have even a little artistic integrity ? Everyone involved with this album should be embarrassed.Oh well , I 'm sure his fans will eat up anything he produces .
 Clay is the right name for this boy because he has been shaped and molded all the way . And Aiken well that just describes how my ears feel after sampling this trash . I got this CD for my 13 year old girl for her birthday and it has to be the most over produced cleaned up lifeless bile I have heard since the first New Kids and New Edition cuts way back when.This whole CD sounds like somebody swept up the left-overs from every `` Boy-Band '' that came before and tried to patch it together with some cohesiveness . An absolute joke.That this has sold over 2 million is is ridiculous . . but than again the very idea that C-rap has become recognized as a a form of actual music ai n't saying much either.The success of this fellow has nothing to do with the `` Measure of a man '' but rather the `` measure '' of tolerance to rehashed garbage and `` Measure '' of outright ignorance to real music that the public has today .
 There is no evidence of Clay 's soul in this collection of songs , which was such a part of his performances on American Idol . This recording is a `` paint-by-numbers '' pop CD that is utterly boring and a huge disappointment . Clay has been stripped of his `` soul '' in this CD . His talents are completely lost on this endeavor and he is capable of truly fantastic performances .
 Every song in the album is wonderful and he has such a beautiful voice . I never tire of listening to it .
 I eagerly awaited the release of this album , but was quite disappointed when I heard it . Other than This is the Night , the remaining songs are very plain and quite forgettable , and you will have a difficult time not skipping ahead to the next song in hopes of something better . I ca n't help but feel that the album was rushed to market , and that in doing so , good song choices were not made . The songs simply do not showcase Clay 's singing ability and range , and many of their lyrics and melodies leave a lot to be desired . I wish I could have written a wonderful review , but unless your an absolute Clay diehard fanatic , I think that you will be disappointed with this album .
 ok clay has a good vocie but come on hes ugly in the songs are the same'ol pop songs just think of him as another ruben good vocie but to ugly but one thing ruben can sing better in is a real singer with good song but clay sucks big time he wont be big so trust me on this one i know music in i know when i say this cd ant worth it dont buy it ant worth the money theres not even one good song on this cd this whole cd sucks so DONT BUY IT
 I am a big fan of pop music among other genres but this album lacks a personality . Sort of like being stuck in a time warp and transported back to the late 90s . The songs just seem to blend together . It also appears as if Mr. Aiken is not too invested in his on product , he seems very detached from the songs.I also found the album overproduced . It lacks oomph and edge , in other words , I found it boring .
 I am highly entertained not by this horrible music but by the marketing scam perpetrated on the music buying public over and over . Tell them it 's good , a thousnad times , and they will buy anything . It is an admirable thing to see Clive Davis become even more wealthy by pumping out more and more drivel for the masses to consume . A good clue to the quality of the five star reviews for this release can be found by the list of music purchases made by those who bought this CD : * CDs from The American Idol Series * Closer ~ Josh Groban * The Movie Album ~ Barbra Streisand * Bette Midler Sings The Rosemary Clooney Songbook ~ Bette Midler * One Heart ~ Celine Dion * The Very Best Of Cher ~ Cher * Buddy Jewell ~ Buddy Jewell * Michael Buble -LSB- ENHANCED -RSB- ~ Michael BubleIf lack of taste were a crime , all involved with this release would be in jail .
 I like clay . But I was not to thrill with this cd . Rueben seem to be more impressive
 The majority of the songs on this album are very poorly written ; borderline cheesy.Although Clay 's voice has improved even further since winning runner up on American Idol , these songs do not do his voice justice . `` Invisible '' is the strongest song on the album and is very catchy , but the album just nose dives after the 1st song.Being a huge fan of American Idol , I am extremely disappointed in Clay 's debut album . His sales may end up being higher than Kelly Clarkson 's or Justin Guarini 's , but out of the 3 , I 'd have to say that Kelly is still American Idol 's golden child.I 'll pass Clay 's cd onto someone else and keep Kelly 's in my cd player . Too bad that Clay did n't receive the same quality of songs as Kelly did . Now I can only cross my fingers and hope that Ruben & Tamyra will not have an album full of poorly written songs like Clay and Justin have .
 I do n't know what all the hype is about . In my opinion Clay Aiken is a little overrated . He does have a powerful voice ; however , the CD is mostly ballads and all of the songs sound basically the same , with the exception of Invisible which is a little creepy since it seems to be about a stalker . If you like ballads I would stick with Josh Groban .
 Do n't get me wrong , Clay is a wonderful vocalist . Really , truely , he is a gifted singer . But the big problem these days is that there are so many gifted singers who end up with horrible , stale , and downright creepy material . Has anyone actually listened to the lyrics to `` Invisible '' ? It sounds more like a stalker than a lonely everyman , and it 's way creepy . His other songs all sound the same , and in some cases are laughably silly . I feel so let down . I wanted so much to love this album , because I love Clay , but it 's just bad . Hopefully next time around Clay gets himself more worthy material , because if he continues down this path , he will end up forgotten . Please ! Better material !
 I really wanted to enjoy this cd , but as many times as I have listened to it ... I just cant . Yes , Clay has a good voice , but I hear no emotion in it . Maybe a better choice of songs for his voice would help . I feel , in time , he will mature into a more rounded performer .
 I did n't care much for Clay on AI -LRB- or Ruben , for that matter -RRB- , but I got the CD anyway since he has a really good voice . Well , there are a couple good songs on this CD , such as `` Invisible '' , although some of the lyrics are weird -LRB- `` if I was invisible then I could just watch you in your room '' -RRB- , `` No More Sad Songs '' , and the chorus to `` I survived you '' . Overall , though , I did n't really care for the CD . If you were a fan of him on the show , you 'll definitely like this album .
 Invisible is the only song on this cd that is any good , my wife loves Clay , but I always tell her he wo n`t be around long and neither will American Idol.as far as easy listening goes it is pleasing enough but do n`t look for any rock n roll here .
 my God ! this actually gets zero stars !!! how can anyone listen to this schlock ?!?! clay aiken sounds exactly like the backstreet crossed with whitney houston . a CD full of sorry sounding pop hooks and soppy balladry is just absolutely aweful ! if you want some good pop hooks and ballads , then get simon and garfunkle instead . and if you feel like some soppy balladry then get david bowie 's `` hunky dory '' ... just make sure you pass on this true piece of crap of an album ... seriously , this sucks really really bad
 Without the studio trickery , he would be doing community college musicals . The make-over does n't do it for me either . I would n't spend the money and I 'd give it away if it were given to me . What new lows will America 's talent standards slip to ?
 Do n't belive the hype . 2 good tracks , one being the single Bridge Over Troubled Water . He is so talented but this cd is baaad . What happened ? I loved him on the show , but the song choices are lame to say the least . Maybe the next one will be better . Better to burn than to buy this one .
 I was very disappointed in this first CD from Clay . There is still nothing wrong with his voice , which I admired from the beginning of his appearance on American Idol . But the songs on this effort are rather ordinary , if not downright boring . I would have enjoyed more covers of older or modern standards , such as the effort he made on `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters '' . He deserves better management !! His voice talent deserves a far better team behind it . I hope future outings have material up to his capabilities .
 Who buys and listens to his stuff ?! I got this CD as a gift and must say I was very disappointed to hear that this is what America likes ? His voice sounds so average `` broadway musical '' and not outstanding at all . My bet is he can thank American Idol that he sells any albums at all .
 Ok people . I like POP music , I do . I like good produced pop music even if artist is commercial . This CD is no different than Pink or Britney CD 's as Mr. Clay is claiming to be , different that is . He said people are tired of fake pop stars . Well to tell you the truth , he is no different . It is marketing machine that is trying to tell people how he is so like you , ordinary and all nice , so you could buy his CD . Well that do n't matter too much to me if the music is good , but this CD ai n't nothing special . Ordinary power ballads with cheap lyrics . I also have message for Clay
 This album is a MAJOR disappointment because Clay Aiken has so much promise as an entertainer . His charisma and talent , so evident on American Idol , are noticeably missing on this album of mediocre songs . The title alone was a bad choice - Kevin Sharp also released a `` Measure of a Man '' in the 90s -LRB- and was much more deserving to use it , since he was battling cancer at the time of its recording -RRB- and this collection of forgettable tracks wo n't give Clay the staying power he will need to stay afloat in the cutthroat entertainment world . Please , American Idol - you got them through the door , but that means nothing if they ca n't stay there . Bad album from a bright talent .
 Having watched Clay really get deep in his singing on American Idol , I expected much more from him than he delivers on this CD . The arrangements are weak , his singing is shallow , and the songs all sound the same . For a person of such depth and range in his songs , this is a very poor compilation . I am vastly disappointed .
 In watching Clay on TV , I was in hopes of great things from him in his first CD . It was VERY vanilla ! Nothing spectacular ... or stretching . I think he played it safe and I was hoping it sounded a bit better . I wo n't purchase it . I borrowed the CD from a friend and decided not to buy it . I think you 'll be disappointed if you purchase this CD .
 Clay Aiken has to be one of the worst singers ever to come off of American Idol . The songs on his debut CD are all predictible and sleep-inducing . Even William Hung is capable of making a better CD than this drab garbage . With boring singles like `` Invisible '' and `` The Way , '' I ca n't understand how Americans could make this guy a star . Please , Clay , if you insist on making more music , at least have the decency of doing a nice gay anthem like `` I Will Survive '' or `` YMCA . ''
 Clay , we love you.We love your voice , your on-stage presence , the personable interviews , and self-depreciating candor . Despite the fact that i would be very embarrassed to admit this to admit this to my friends , but frankly , the red spiky hair and `` Aiken wink '' are extremely cute , to say nothing of the energetic live performances . He 's got charisma . And as a person , he 's someone a little different , and memorable . So why is this such a mediocre album?First off , it does n't show any distinct personality . All the songs on here are so bland that i have a hard time remembering any of it the first time around . Granted , the single `` Invisible '' , which taken on melody and arrangement alone , is actually quite good . However , it suffers from a set of strangely bad lyrics . Lines like `` Whatcha doing tonight , i wish i could be a fly on your wall '' and subsequently , '' If I was invisible , i could just watch you in your room '' sound oddly juvenile for a 24 year-old man to be singing . And then there 's the problem of delivery.Each song seems to be sung in the exact same `` power ballad '' way . Of course , he has a great voice and it good hear him showcase it a bit , but only for key moments please . Case in point
 The Clive Davis churned out anothere same ol' , same ol' ... like what David Foster did to Josh Groban ... great voices with little to do . The singer can be great but if the material is mostly wrong ... oh , well ... I will hope for better next time !
 All the cuts are so similar and so boring . There is very little passion , emotion , or personality in this CD . Honestly , next time I am out of town in a hotel , I 'm leaving it for the maid.I loved Clay on American Idol . I wish he 'd done the CD with `` Solitaire '' , `` Buttercup '' and others from the show .
 I 've anticipated this cd for some time and must say it is not what I had expected it to be . I thought it would contain more ballads , lite pop and broadway songs , which he performed on American Idol . This cd is very boring , everything sounds alike . Clay has great range but the music Clive Davis selected for his first cd does not show the versatility shown on American Idol . I still believe Clay is Broadway , not this run of the mill type music .
 I feel that with Clay 's incredible range , he can do far better . This CD is too unimaginative and bland . I 'm returning mine unopened . Sorry , Clay , better luck next time .
 Obviously people voted for Clay Aiken based his incredible covers of good songs during the competition , and a teenager would n't have been too familiar with alot of those songs because they we 're often classic oldies . But for some reason they have decided to make him put out this cd full of the kind of songs that teenagers will probably go for and is nothing like what he had sung to win votes and gain the oppurtunity to make this cd in the first place . So I lost out and I ca n't understand why they did that . I just hope his next cd has a wider musical range .
 I agree with the other reviews that Clay Aiken has one of the most beautiful voices in music today . But I am disappointed in his new album . He has been interviewed many times saying `` I sing from my heart about things that move me , '' yet , it seems as if every song sounds the same . I blame this on poor writing on and not on the vocalist himself . I am a HUGE Clay supporter and rooted for him throughout the entire American Idol competition , but I must say , this album does nothing for me . After hearing `` Bridge over Troubled Water '' I was expecting to be really WOWED by his debut album ... I am bummed out this one did n't stack up to his single . I am surprised there are so many people impressed by this CD ... I ca n't help but wonder what song I 'm listening to when every track sounds like the same ol' same ol' to me .
 I was a HUGE Clay fanatic throughout all the AI hype . I fell in love with his voice and his personality and dashing good looks . However , this CD disappointed me . The voice that I fell in love with was his `` live '' voice , and I do n't like his `` studio '' voice very much . I like 2 or 3 of the songs on the cd , but it makes me sad to give it a bad review , because I was looking forward to this cd since May .
 Sorry to put a damper on Clay fans , but Clay appears to be right up there with either fine entertainers -LRB- note I did n't say artists -RRB- like the Backstreet Boys , Britney Spears and J Lo . Music should be about music , the songwriting , the authenticity behind the music , and a passionate live show , not marketing and appearance on tv shows . Of course marketing plays a role with any singer , but when a singer was created solely because of it then there is a problem.Clay is a marginal musician , and an even worse person by the sounds of it after having admitted during a Rolling Stone interview that he killed a cat , and that he thought cats were satanic . The world does n't need any more Clay Aikens , and I do n't know what anybody sees in his music either . He really is n't that different than the bubbglegum that has preceded him.If you are interested in music with some actual substance and talent beind it check out artists like Sarah McLachlan , U2 , REM , Radiohead , Nelly Furtado , Sheryl Crow , and Peter Gabriel , to name only a few . Also some lesser known but really talented Canadian musicians like Chantal Kreviazuk , and Emm Gryner deserve a listen . Canadian music legend Bruce Cockburn , one of the most underappreciated singers over the last 30 years , is also deserving of a listen if you do n't know him . But beware his songwriting is profound , and his music deep and authentic . But is n't that what music is supposed to be about ? I guess many Clay fans would n't agree .
 The most enduring criticism of `` commercial pop '' music is that by the time the producers get done with their electronica and multiple tracking , the singer gets lost in the shuffle . Such is the case here . The Clay Aiken with the dazzling talent and soaring high notes that we loved on American Idol is buried in a sea of `` production '' so that the album becomes another of so many that literally `` anybody '' could have sung . I guess we 'll have to wait until he 's proven he can sell enough `` commercial mainstream '' to take the `` risk '' of a `` Broadway '' album , or to sing the the hard-to-sing oldies that he became famous for on AI.Love ya Clay , just not this album .
 I think Clay is getting bad advice , terrible management , and really awful arrangements . While the competition was going on , everybody on the panel as well as the musical guests who showed up on American Idol gushed about Clay 's `` great pipes '' -- but in the songs on this CD , I do n't see how anyone could even know he has great pipes . His voice is never allowed to cut loose with the power we know he 's capable of ... never once do I hear the magic Clay displayed during the competition . He 's far better than his first two CDs indicate , and whomever is making the very bad decision to give the music track all the strength while keeping the over-powered voice track so toned down is doing Clay a serious disservice . The song selection here is about as exciting as a piece of Wonder Bread . The folks mapping out Clay 's career are turning him into just another cookie-cutter teen -LRB- or pre-teen -RRB- heart throb , but he 's capable of so much more . He 's unique and should be marketed accordingly . Also , it 's time for the handlers to recognize that all those phoned-in votes during the competition were n't from just one age group . Clay appeals to people across a broad spectrum of ages and types . Do n't drive away those pools of potential CD purchasers by dishing out this kind of bland oatmeal on any more CDs . Give us that pure voice gently supported by well-controlled music that allows Clay 's vocals to be the centerpiece of his CDs . I 'd love to have a Clay Aiken CD on which he sings the old standards with jazz-club style music enhancing rather than drowning out his voice -- performed as Clay himself interprets the songs , rather than as directed by the heavy-handed team that is now working so very hard to get his career off to such a ho-hum start . Shame on them . Let Clay be Clay , and give his fans the best that Clay can deliver .
 For all those who compare Ruben and Clay , there is no comparison . Ruben won b/c he is a true talent . While Clay had to be `` made over '' , Ruben is still Ruben . I listened to Clay 's first 5 songs and had to turn it off . While he can sing other peoples songs well he can not hold a tune to his own album . I was extremely disappointed , and would not buy this CD .
 I 'm sorry for everyone out there who actually spent their money on Clay 's CD . I 'm amazed that Clay even made it to the top ten on American Idol . I think that the only people that voted for him were people that thought he was `` cute '' . Personally I think he is a disgrace to the North Carolina name . In conclusion , the only reason I give this CD one star is because you ca n't give a CD zero stars , if I could give it zero stars I would .
 Give me a break . I do not see what all the fuss is about . I listened to this CD and although Clay sings well , the songs are boring ballads and they all sound the same . I agree with all the negative reviews from the media . This album is nothing to get excited about and I sure would n't waste my money on it . You 'll get more for you money with Josh Groban 's new CD .
 I could n't help laughing while reading ` CLAY AIKEN FANS MUST UNITE NOW ' . Little girl -LRB- I suppose -RRB- , listen , music means music , not cute models . Millions of Backstree Boys ' albums have been sold , but you would never see them get nominated because their music is just plain a product of their brilliant company , not a piece of art . The same goes for Clay , obviously he has a great voice , but all that I could listen in this album is ... . screaming , nothing buy screaming , without emotions , feelings , variations , sensitivity in nuances , technical skills . He 's like the first successful aircraft of the Wright brothers little gal , there 's still a long long long way before he could reach the moon . Grammy has always been revered by great musicians around the world because it has been extremely selective in its nominations and impartial in its decisions . I myself dun think Norah deserved so many Grammies but the fact is , for that particular year , she 's one of the best . For all of his fans out there , are you guys really touched by his music ? -LRB- or his singing since he could n't even write a lame song -RRB- ... or it 's the album cover that attracts you ? Perhaps Clay should just try his luck in Hollywood ...
 More like Measure of a Queen . Clay Aiken releases her first full disc with much fanfare and hype , too bad she does n't deliver . Each song is painstakingly boring and just used as a vehicle for her to try and recapture the Idol glory days . If only this disc really were `` Invisible , '' then we 'd all be a lot happier . The only thing more excrutiatingly bad than this is the fear that soon we will have Reuben Chubs dropping his CD . Please Idols disappear !
 the songwriting is so below average ; i 'm finding it incredibly hard to believe that all of you people are buying it . you 've been brainwashed by clive davis and his cronies at RCA . ca n't you see they 're selling american idol , not clay aiken the singer . this is by far the best selling below average pop album in years . overpriced songwriters wrote the songs , overpriced producers produced the music and you 're all fools for buying into this trite , vanilla music . shame on you .
 Clay Aiken stinks ! He is a manufactured ` pop star ' whose facial expressions on American Idol made him look constipated!These songs are cliched and over-sung . Let 's hope Ruben 's effort is better than this sentimental rubbish
 How much worse can bad pop music get ? Clay Aiken worse ! This CD reminds me why I stopped listening to top 40 radio 10 years ago . `` Measure of a Man '' is proof that you can put nothing in a box , wrap it in pretty teenybopper wrapping , call it `` great '' and people will come running to buy it . Look , this nondescript , manufactured creature 's CD has generated over 2000 reviews so far . Wow , alot of fools are buying this nonsense.YOU ARE SLAVES , WAKE UP!Every Brittany -LRB- Her initials are `` B.S. '' How obvious can you get ? -RRB- , Christina and Clay CD that you purchase pushes REAL music further and further out of the public 's reach . Start reversing this trend by not purchasing this garbage .
 Okay , Clay Aiken may be a dork in person , but the fact of the matter is he won runner up in American Idol and can sing , and that 's about it.When I saw him on American Idol , I was disgusted ! Clay sings cheesy awful ballads that make you want to hit the `` mute '' button on your remote . What 's even more disgusting is his God-awful wardrobe ! The fact that so many teenage girls out there are so in love with Clay makes me want to vomit !!! This music is for nerds only ! GET REAL !!!!
 tried to listen to it again to give it a chance . still it sounded as disgusting as the first try.my only advice to Clay now is to make sure he completes his college degree soonest cos he may be back sooner teaching than he expects.i also wish him all the luck in his future endeavors.i know he has already lost several fans who can tell good music from bad .
 This is the most over rated album of the year . . The hype surrounding Clay Aiken and this album is a giant foolery of the American CD buying public . . If you like boring than buy his album . . Suckers !
 So why did people who bought this buy it ? Because Clay is `` cute '' ? Because he won a national karaoke search and everybody feels they must buy this because the media hyped it up so much ? Because a bunch of writers and music producers -LRB- including Simon Cowell ! -RRB- rushed him into the studio to sing over a bunch of generic songs written before he even appeared on TV ? Or because he has a good voice ? Do people who buy this kind of drivel EVER care about the music underneath it all ?? Or the fact that this guy basically had nothing to do with the production or writing of this lame material ? Have you actually listened to these laughable lyrics ? DO N'T YOU KNOW HOW MANY GREAT ARTISTS YOU 'RE MISSING OUT ON BECAUSE YOU THINK THIS GUY IS CUTE AND HAS A NICE VOICE ???
 clay aiken is not only a very bad role model and icon , but i do n't think he can reach to the stasis of ruben studdard . this album had only 1 song that i liked , invincible . clay aiken could be more upbeat .
 Ugh ! From the fake smile on his CD single to the Barry Manilow-ish album cover , this guy screams superficiality ! Sorry , Clay ... you might have been second in American Idol II ... but you are NOT Barry Manilow ! I just have a problem with someone who has to use a tv show to get noticed instead of using their god-given talents and merits to get to superstardom . It smacks in the face of those who have real talent and are struggling to be heard and appreciated by the music industry and the public . So many good singers are passed up because of tripe like this . Please , spend your money wisely and do n't buy this CD . Go out and get yourself ULTIMATE BARRY MANILOW or even a good Celine Dion disc instead . At least those folks worked for years to get where they are ... and obviously have some talent . Clay , I wish you luck ... but I am sure your career will be history in about a year .
 Clay Aiken 's album is an absolute joke . The songs on this album are so lame and so cliche . I mean just look the first single `` Invisible . '' Usually labels put out their best song on the album first and `` Invisible '' is what they came up with ? Give me a break . This song has no lasting airplay capabilities . Also , if this cd was the greatest ever , why do n't they let you listen to the songs on the album on this site . The other albums that I 've viewed on this site have the song available to listen to . That 's because it suckssssssssssssssssssssss and they know it does . If people were able to listen beforehand , they would n't buy this horrible cd . One more thing what kind of title is `` Measure of Man . '' Barf !!!! Save your money people , please !!! The one star is for pitty , I guess .
 Why in the world did they record this mess ? He was better doing that american idol material than this crap . Ugh save your money .
 CLAY IS IN 2ND FOR A REASON . HIS PERFORMANCE DURING LAST NIGHT BILLBOARD AWARDS WAS SOOOO BAD , I DO N'T THINK HE EVEN KNEW WHAT HE WAS DOING . CLAY IS STRICTLY POP . RUBEN IS SOULFUL . IF PEOPLE WOULD REALIZE THE DIFFERENT GENRE OF MUSIC THEY COULD NOT POSSIBLY KEEP COMPARING THE 2 DIFFERENT , DISTINCT ARTIST
 Ohh come on , tell me , how many variations can he make when he hits the high pitches ? 1 ? Put the lousy production of this album aside , he sings worse than an amateur . His voice is sonorous , but the only thing he 's good at is to show it , without any feelings whatsoever . Analogy
 This Album is terrible . He took no chances . Forget the hype and this album . I wish the old napster was in business to save me from buying this album . I liked him on American Idol but this album and the media push to promote him over the real winner Reuben is terrible . Go Reuben - NO Clay
 ... Big freakin ' deal !!! It does n't make up for how much the music stinks!If you are reading this right now , that means you are probably pondering whether to buy this junk . And that makes you an idiot . How can you support something like this ? This comes from a really bad TV show that is not even watchable unless your brains are mashed potatoes!Neil Young said it best when asked what he thought of Clay Aiken and the whole American Idol thing
 A great voice impeded by dreadful songs , most written by a committee -LRB- it seems -RRB- and humdrum orchestration . Clay , please listen to GREAT songs by the master songwriters -- Cole Porter , Irving Berlin , so many others . You have the voice . Please find the music .
 Not a very good album . Many of the songs put me to sleep half the time , and were just down right boring . In my opinion , Darren Hayes is much more interesting compared to Clay . If you want a good CD get something else , this one isnt worth the time or money .
 While Clay Aiken does have an amazing talent for singing , he 's album better suites middle-aged America instead of a younger , more `` poppy '' audience . I get irritated seeing people compare Ruben and Clay . They are in two totally different genres !
 Clay said he 's not an artist and he 's absolutely correct . This CD is so unbelievably over hyped for a worthless collection of mediocre pop tunes sung by a mediocre singer who could not put emotion into a song if his life depended on it.Total manufactured crap .
 I do.Now it is dictated , in part , by a whiny , COMPLETELY sub-par , snot nosed walking bag of talentless junk who only has a record because a bunch of people on Fox 's lowest common denominator TV show.And the album is really bad , at that . It 'll be really popular at dentists offices . Please , PLEASE , use your hard earned money to support real artists . I BEG of you . This is pop culture at it 's most vapid . The tool did n't even win . Just because he can sing does n't mean he has a personality , or creativity .
 I am a huge Clay Aiken fan and supporter . The two stars are for this underachieving album , not for the man singing the trite songs which do not showcase his tremendous talent.No ballads ? Are you kidding me ??? Not one song in which he holds a spine-chilling note longer than 2 seconds , the way only Clay can ? Nothing , absolutely nothing , which showcases his phenomenal range and emotional depth?Years from now music historians will look back on this album , I assure you , and marvel at how a young man of such unquestionable talent could have been given throw away tunes which bury his beautiful skills on his debut effort.On Idol , when Clay sang `` Somewhere Out There , '' I was stunned . When he sang that ridiculous `` Buttercup '' song I thought , `` This guy can make any song sound amazing ! `` This album , sadly , has proved me quite wrong.Please hurry and record an album which shows more of your talent , Clay ! At the very least give us a song or two where you hold a note for a minimum of ten seconds . Nobody does it better . You deserve better material .
 I was so disappointed in this album after hearing Clay 's beautiful voice on American Idol . It 's like the producers were trying to force Clay into some pop mold . I kept listening waiting for Clay to really let one loose and belt out a song . Did n't happen . Maybe the next album Clay can be Clay .
 Okay - I 've already rated this CD -LRB- a two , my opinion has not changed -RRB- , but I wanted to address -LRB- some of the -RRB- reviewers here . Which smacks of arrogance on my part , but what the heck.Clay has a beautiful voice , but if you loved him on AI , you will probably not like this CD . He deserved better from Clive Davis and TPTB.Reviewers who are Clay bashing probably never liked him -LRB- for their on reasons ... some of them , like Stephanie , need some therapy , but oh well -RRB- . Trust me , and you people know who you are
 I wrote one of the original 1 star review on Clay 's album , and I think I started a backlash - I got all the Clay haters reviewing . Everyone was scared to do it because all the Clay fans would give them loads of non helpful votes , but after I did it , there was loads . I am aware I will get even more now , but I do n't really care.I looked through the first 300 or so reviews of the album , and have noticed a few things :1 . The people who say ` you should stick to your own music ' - excuse me , but POP -LRB- which is what Mr Aiken sings -RRB- is my OWN music . It 's all I listen to . I love nearly all pop , and would never diss it . But , I 'm sorry , Clay is just simply awful .2 . The people who say ` Only review the album if you 've listened to it ' - some 1 star reviews have listened to the CD , like myself . I borrowed it from my friend to see if it was really that bad , and it was . Good insomnia cure though ! 3 . ` Clay is the REAL American Idol ' - Whatever . If he was the real American Idol , he would have won . Not Ruben -LRB- by the way - to the person who said ` you ca n't even spell your man 's name right ` Rueben ' - you spelt it wrong -RRB- . Think about it , people . If Clay is so magnificant , he would have kicked Ruben 's arse , and won . But he did n't .4 . ` Clay is the next Elvis ' - WHAT THE HELL ???? Elvis ? He is nowhere near to matching the greatness of Elvis Presley . I may only be 16 , but even I know how legendary Elvis was ! He 's still getting No. 1 's after he 's dead . I 'd like to see Clay do that . And let 's see Clay being famous 20 years from now ? I 'll eat humble pie if I 'm wrong , but somehow I do n't see it ! 5 . I know I 'll get loads of stick for this next comment - but the Clay fans are being quite pathetic . Someone with a different opinion to you comes along , and you immediately disregard their opinion as being wrong . Everyone has different tastes - respect that . I respect you for being a Clay fan - someone 's got ta like the man . I do n't go around saying you 're wrong and you have no taste in music because you like Clay . You like him , that 's fair . I 'd really like to see the same kind of respect paid to the people who do n't like him . And attacks against the people who wrote the reviews , is definitely not on .6 . I am aware Clay has gained quite a popularity with over 3000 reviews , but a lot of these are people bitching at each other , and people posting the same review about 10 times on different days , to jack up the number of reviews . I think if you want to post your opinion , you should do it once . It 's enough . Maybe in a year or so , if your opinion changes , you could do it again , but posting the same review about 10 times is just stupid . And the same thing to the people who post under different names . Who has time to look through 3000 reviews ? 7 . I may sound like a know-it-all big mouthed cow here - but it 's my opinion . I had quite a laugh at what people have been saying on here , and then my amusement turned into disgust , at the non Clay fans expressing their opinions -LRB- as long as they post it tastefully ... not like some people -RRB- , and the Clay fans attacking them .8 . I am awaiting your replies , and your non helpful votes . Oh , and by the way , is Clay planning to release anything else from this album or has he realised that maybe producing his own CD 's is a good idea ? This album was made for him , not by him.Thanks for letting me rant.xx Shorty -LRB- Oh , and I 'm sorry if this got posted several times , I tried posting it yesterday , but I had something wrong with my internet connection , and I do n't know if it worked yesterday -RRB-
 Clay has a horrible voice -LRB- sorry obsessed Claymates , it 's true -RRB- and this cd proves it . All the songs are generic and unoriginal , he brings nothing new to the music industry . His voice is so irritating and grating . A year from now -LRB- or not even -RRB- he will be forgotten .
 Clay knocked my socks off on American Idol , and I will always believe that he should have won . His interpretations of familiar pop tunes and standards were awesome . That 's why the CD was disappointing . Comprised of unfamiliar tunes , and without his exciting stage presence , this CD is completely unremarkable . I 'm sure it was popular with the teenyboppers -LRB- the CD includes a mini-poster -RRB- , but his fan base is much , much broader . Clay , if you 're reading , we 'd like to hear more of your unique interpretations of familiar music . Pick a decade , pick an era , pick a genre . You have the potential to be a icon and not just an idol , but it wo n't happen with stuff like this ,
 k , I love Clay ... he ROCKED on AI2.My only problem is the song `` Invisible '' - lyrics
 During the run of `` American Idol , '' I was just like most of you -- riveted to the show week after week because of Clay Aiken 's astonishing voice . On the show , he sang and excelled in a variety of musical genres . However , on `` Measure of a Man , '' the producers have done Clay a disservice by giving him only mediocre ballads to sing . I kept hoping for at least one uptempo song -- or funky song -- or even funny song , to display Clay 's amazing range and playful personality . I guess I 'll have to wait for a concert DVD to get a full-fledged dose of Clay to rival his AI performances , because this CD does n't deliver .
 I love Clay 's voice and I bought this album and I will buy the next . I think this album is overproduced and all the songs sound the same . I hope Clay 's next album brings more personal meaning to his songs , and let 's his voice come through more . I 'm still a huge fan , I think his producers missed the mark unfortunately .
 I was so looking forward to Clay 's first full cd . Wow , what a disappointment ... . very bland and no excitement in any of the tracks . Only 12 too ... what a cheap trick ! His glow is sure dimming if this is the best he can do . This is the Night was the best and he repeated it on this album ... He could do so much better ... Whahhhhh Guess I expected so much more .
 I fortunately do n't own the CD but I was able to listen to it in whole . I had previous heard `` Invisible '' and had discussed my feelings for the song with other people . I came to the conclusion and many other reviewers had , `` What happened to clay 's voice ? '' or better yet , `` What the heck did they do to his voice ? '' When I watched Clay on American Idol , he sung with passion and a voice . When I looked at him sing , it looked and sounded so effortless . He has something , a gift of singing.On the album , probably to mainstream him , his voice is gone . They stripped him clean of his voice and served it to everyone and for some reason many people seem to love how they just changed him . We should be outraged and yet we just simple accepted it . It was ok to change his appearance because he needed it but to change how he sung , is unacceptable.The album is full of mediocre songs . Many of them do sound the same . And most if now all hardly show how well Aiken can really belch out a tune . When I listened to the album , I did n't get the vision of a young man singing his heart out . I was n't in awe and wondered where this huge voice came from . I was disappointed . A strong voice yet lacking in character.Because this was his first album , many people probably pushed him in this direction , as Pink said , `` they say you 'll be a pop star , if u change everything you are ... '' Hopefully in the future Aiken will have matured and will be able to make his own decisions and hopefully they will be for the better . Until then , congrats to him for achieving his debut ...
 Stop buying Clay 's fame !!!!! This CD is definitely not 5 stars ! L : ike someone said earlier , read the musiccritics reviews on it before you purchase.Whoever bought 10 copies of thisCD is a FOOL and an idiot ! Actually that would make the whole so called `` Clay nation '' who are all purchasing multiple copies of it in their sick campaign to buy Clay his fame . Where is your trust in histalent ? Please leave him alone and purchase the CD theway normal fans would buy for their favorite artist and see what happens?You are only hurting him , making him think that he 's more than he is and franklyit 's embarrassing . To see him strutting and stooping and straining and switching the mike from hand to hand trying to work up some feeling to the songs . lol!it 's a big jokein our house . We actually had a party too laughing at this guy.I love Justin Timberlake , Beyonce and a few others , but to purchase more than one or two copies of their CD is totally rediculous ! Stop buying Clays way to the top ! LEAVE HIM ALONE !!!!
 I am a big Clay Aiken fan and anxiously awaited his full cd . Unfortunately , this cd was not what I expected . Apparently , this was a rushed job because none of songs really appeal to me . The cd is bland , uninspiring and totally not what I expected . I expected more and hopefully his next cd will be better .
 I think it 's such a shame that an enormous talent like Clay Aiken is pigeon-hold into making an album like `` Measure Of A Man '' . Aiken 's voice is soaring and wonderous throughout this disc , but the lyrics and arrangements of each track , excluding `` This Is The Night '' and the title track , are downright insipid . Think Backstreet Boys go Broadway . Clive Davis , the album 's head producer is a bonafide hitmaker , but even he has to hang his head in shame at allowing this drivel to be sold to Aiken 's fans . From the interviews that I 've read and seen on TV featuring him , Clay seems like a decent human being , and has a voice that will mealt your heart . But , I strongly advice any serious music lovers to avoid this disc and wait for something more mature and stronger musically from Clay Aiken the vocal wonder .
 Well , this has to be one of the most disappointing releases of the year . Actually , I was n't expecting much , so I was n't that disappointed , but to fans of Clay , I will warn you that this CD is not what you would expect . Clay sounds more robot than man on this debut effort , and I do mean EFFORT . He is a good singer , but he belongs on Broadway , singing show tunes to the elderly who can revel in his youth and energetic manner . To the average listener , this CD is no more than a sad recycled mess of false emotion . It would n't matter so much if it were on Broadway , because the show distracts you somewhat , but I would be careful putting this disc in your CD player . I got a headache after the first song . Anyone want to buy a used copy ? I might have to take the scissors to it otherwise ...
 Clay is a true talent ... and I am sure he will grow / mature into a great singer . But this cd is full of pop fluff ... there are no show stopping numbers to be found here ... Clay is not a pop star ... he should be in a Westend or Broadway show delivering show stopping number after number . And as one reviewer said ... that even `` Solitaire '' was n't included -LRB- which is one pop song that did show his true range and talent -RRB- ... As for the American Idol creators ... we 're slowing seeing each of these winners fade into oblivion ... and even Clay says it on his new cd that with this effort he is INVISIBLE !!!
 Simon Fuller has done it again , taken an average mediocre-talent and turned them into a media-made powerhouse of hometown glory and over-promoted love ballads . As with former Idol stars Kelly Clarkson -LRB- who was the runner-up and ironically had a better selling album -RRB- and Justin Guarini , Aiken 's album is filled with a rare uptempo ballad , a medium tempo moody ballads and crooning slow colorless ballads . Even his linear notes are all-too-predictable , thanking his family and God -- sure to make any middle-aged housewife or grandma swoon.Overall , Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' undeniably shows an aspiring talent at work -LRB- there is no denying his voice -RRB- , but the lack of creative inspiration or even - anything - out of the box perhaps shows that Aiken has n't actually measured up to the man he could be quite yet.If you 're an aging house-wife or a grandparent you 'll absolutely love this CD , but if you have any musical taste whatsoever you 'll avoid it completely .
 When I purchased this album , i did not think that Clay would have taken himself and acted like he had it all and that he was the over ruler of the music industry . Now i cant believe i waisted money on this . People who are supporting him are simply angry because he won over Ruben , and all I have to say is GROW UP ! Caly is a Barry Manaloe wannabe whos album consists of roack pop that meshes together and has an ending sound that makes you ask `` Didnt I hear that song 10 minutes ago ??? '' . Basically the album is very cleche.I dont know what he was trying to prove with such a horrid album , but he ruind the true art of being different . He doesnt define himself at all as an artist , and he doesnt come close to showing his non-vocal talent . He doesnt write any of his songs , which is a sad thing because most artists dont , so whats the point ??? This album may hook you the first time through , after that all the songs sound like they need more production and a better direction . A sad effort and a sad Barry Manaloe wannabe . Those who go aroung and review these ... , you to need to GROW UP ! Your as sad as Clays attempt to be something if thats what you have to do to save his career . Get a life ... , a real one!TRACKS :1 . Invisible - STand out track . Lyrics are a little weak . 3/52 . I Will Carry You - No , you will need to ask your self why you did this song ! 0/53 . The Way - whats the point . The music is discombobulated . .5 / 54 . When You Say You Love Me i skip this one every time , it bores me to death ! 1/55 . No More Sad Songs - Not true , there are plenty more sad songs to come on this album ! 1/56 . Run to Me - Tolerable , but not defining . 1/57 . Shine - VERY cleche . Needs much more dircetion and structure . .5 / 58 . I Survived You - I like . Probably my favorite . Strangely enough . 3/59 . This is the Night - I still can not stand this song , though its the best ballad on the album . 2/510 . Perfect Day - In your dreams . Another `` filler track '' Why did he do this to this album ? 0/511 . Measure of a Man - I laugh every time ! 0/512 . Touch - Listenable 2/5
 this cd got more credit then it should of ... in other words this cd sux ... when i watched american idol he was the worst person on the show ... i was so glad he did n't win he has no talent ... but when he started making an album then i was even more disapointed because he did n't even win and he has more fame than Rubin who i think was lots better ... so if u read this do n't buy it ... its not worth your 13.99 .
 The entire concept is just bad . I do n't care how much this guy whines about his hard life , he 's not deserving . He is wasting tons of record label space that could be occupied by true , creative , artists . The whole idea of a country picking the next big pop star from a TV show is just sad . It 's a shame children will grow up thinking this is good . Radio is forever gone , hang the DJ.JB
 Yes , there is no question about Clay 's talent . That 's a given . However , this album just does n't show it . His singles were fabulous and then they disappoint us with this album . You ca n't even tell where one song ends and the next begins . It 's all the same stuff . C'mon now ~ give the man the songs that he is so capable of delivering with spine tingling sensations !
 IF CLAY IS SOOO GREAT THEN WHY DID RUBEN WIN !?
 I 'm a big American Idol fan so I bought this CD . But if you are not an obsessed die hard of Clay Aiken ... you will be disappointed . I think he should accentuate the twang some more and go after a country audience . This CD was nothing but schmaltzy , drab , and mediocre . So do n't listen to all the raves without realizing that Clay 's nutty fans think he 's the second coming .
 I 'm sorry if any of you teen enjoy this lispy southern high school reject like 'em but i think it 's all crap ... do n't get me wrong , i appreciate all forms of music and clay does have an ok singing voice but his style belongs on broadway doing a musical ... he would be the BEST Sandra Dee on Grease i 'm sure ... it 's funny to me how you can all like him because of a show ...
 I still do not understand how this guy is getting more attention than the winner of AI , but that said , how can anyone listen to this CD and not think that he has a voice for Broadway and only Broadway . He punctuates every single syllable , lighten up Clay!The music on the CD is catchy , but the voice behind the music is just plain annoying .
 Sorry Clay , I kept an open mind ... but this CD is a corny , wimpy collection of out-dated pop . Clay should have stayed the red-haired , freckle-faced , 4-eyed christian singer that he once was . They have turned him into to a blonde , spiky haired howdy doody . My friends and I say ... `` CLAY NO WAY '' !!!!!
 This cd is hurrendous . Ruben is SO much better . Want a good cd - check out soulful .
 This man really does have a great voice , do n't get me wrong ... but I do n't think this is an album that people should waste there money on.Yes , I am a fan of Josh Groban but this is not what the deal is about . I just think that this cd has some crappy songs with crappy lyrics . I mean ` Invisible ' is about Clay wanting to watch me in my room . That kind of freaks me out . I do n't want some guy on my wall watching me ge undressed.Clay got on American Idol to become the famous person that he is . If it was n't for that show then he would still be a nobody teacher . He has a normal voice . Nothing that someone in a church choir does n't have.I think that if you are going to blow your money on real music , then you should buy Josh Groban . Yea , he does sing in different languages , but if you translate them they have great meanings . And you can even get addicted to Italian . At least Josh can speak another language . heh .
 This CD disappointed me . I was expecting more from Clay but I guess this is what happens when you rush your work . I hope his next one is better because this one sucked .
 This is just an album full of oversung sappy , cheesy lyrics . Horrible production from the AI machine . Where do they find these songwriters?And could Clay over enunciate a little more?Yes , he wo n't sing about sex , but he 's singing about being invisible and watching someone in their room . < @@ > Scary !
 in a long time.This has got to be a joke . Please do n't wasteyour money on this CD . It 's not all what somereviewers on here are saying it is . They areobviously Clay 's fans trying to convince the worldthat he has a golden voice . The guy can sing , butbelieve me so can a lot of people . He released thisthing too soon and should have selected better songsto sing . Measure of a man just does n't do it for me.Sorry Clay , this one flopped .
 On behalf of Randy-Paula and the producers of american Idol I humbly apologize for besieging America with this crap .
 This CD is just full of rockish country same old stuff . I really do not think clay makes a good pop star at all and this CD proves it .
 It 's easy , there 're only a few possibilities why you like this album :1 . You 're a little gal in your early teens , and u think he 's , well , cute .2 . You know zilch about music . You 're trying to be a victim of the mushrooming commercial music that I 'm so sick of.Did u ever feel a rush of blood oozing to your heart . NO ? Then his songs probably dun impress you much .
 Clay Aiken ... why is he so big ? Answer
 UH OH CLAYMATES !!! Clay 's album has fallen out of the top twenty sellers on Amazon.com !!! Quick , better buy ten more copies to get him back up there ! Because we all know you can judge the greatness of a record by how many copies get sold . -LRB- NOT ! -RRB-
 This album is a complete waste of Clay 's voice . All I can say is it reminds me of a watered down mix of bad Air Supply meets bad Barry Manilow . I ca n't understand what motivates these outstanding reviews for a album that 's not worthy of them . These songs are about exciting as Muzak . Except if Clay 's music was playing in elevators , I would be forced to take the stairs . I hope by the next release Clay has the music to complement his voice .
 I was a Clay Fan until I hear this karoake music . This album does not take any chances with this self imposed pop idol . Hecame in second and now I can see why .
 Clay Aiken has talent does he ? I 've got an idea ... maybe he could put his talent to good use and make real , interesting music . Sounds good to me ; I do n't know about you . Oh well , just another failure in popular music today . I guess there 's nothing to be done .
 I really hoped this would be fabulous , but it just is n't . All the songs sound the same . Same tempo , same back ground and back-up . RCA or whoever told Clay to sing all the same type of songs was way off base . When done live , one song only , then Clay does come through as we know him . Where is `` Unchained Melody '' ? One of the songs that got him to the top two on Idol should have been included .
 The measure of a man is more than three inches !! This is manufactured pop music . It has no soul . It was put together by a studio to be sold to the masses ... It was purposely designed to be offensive to no one , therefore it was put in a box . Did Clay write these songs ? They all follow the same pop music formula ... Amateur songwriters at RCA must be stamping out hit songs by the thousands , all with cliched lyrics . . Now they can stamp out pop stars who have nothing to say and no reason to be famous.Tori Amos , Madonna , Christina . . They write their own music and have something to say . When they do a cover , they have enough taste to choose something powerful and relevant . They do n't sing schmaltzy , sappy cookie-cutter pop songs . Buy records from people who have the balls , creativity , and imagination to make a work of art , and not just do what is accepted . Support the leaders , not the followers , and make a change .
 In Hawaiian , this means Dirty , dirt , or filth , I think this word best describes this album . I bought this album thinking I would hear a wonderful singer and voice , but the only thing I can say is that screaming monkeys at the zoo sound better . All of his songs sound the same , kind of like a broken record . `` Invisible '' and `` I Will Carry You '' sound like the kind of screaming and moaning you 'd hear at a mental institution . It seems his music only appeals to 4 to 14 year old girls , who have all the time in the world to sit in front of their computer and pine eternal about Clay 's music . Perhaps when most of them grow up , they will realize what a waste of time this guy is . If you want to hear great music ... listen to Iz Kamakawio'ole .
 Reminds me of buble gum pop too much . I hate it . It was one ofthe worse cds ever . I am gon na sell it and get my money back .
 I really like clay Aiken but I found this CD `` Measure of a Man '' very boring . I was quite disapointed with some of the songs and the album in general . I enjoy watching and listening to Clay on the TV . I also think he is a very sweet man and I like his singing just not this CD .
 Dear Mr.Clay , You CD is a great CD . You voice is plesant to here . You very talentd singer . You hot man and not fat like the Rubin dude . I wish you look and hope make another grate CD soon . You win all Garmmys . Bye bye .
 I can hardly put it into words , my copy is for sale .
 The first time I saw Clay on American Idol , in his audition , I said to myself `` theres the winner '' . The first time I listened to Clay 's album , I said to myself `` theres a winner who has been turned into a junky commercialized pop-culture phenomena , exploited with traditional sappy songs that were handed to him by writers , and oversung in a way that only a person who has sung 100 songs on TV that all sound exactly the same can . `` Poor Clay - in a small dose , he has a fine voice . Heck , he could make a really good Broadway performer with his ability to belt 'em out . It 's prefabricated crap like this CD that makes me want to spew.A star for Clay 's talent , and one for pity . This album truly deserves no credit , because none of it came from the heart .
 my wife and I bought this cd over the weekend and the one word that comes to mind is depressing . It has none of the great tunes I expected from the likes of clay . he was always known for his use of ballads , but come one , how many songs does one need about losing your love or making it on your own without you ... blah blah blah.I expected some powerhouse tunes , and wish he could have done some music for perhaps an upcoming Disney movie ...
 While I love a few tracks on this CD and admire the writers and producers involved -LRB- Darren Hayes , Desmond Child , Cathy Dennis , Danielle Brisbois , Aldo Nova -RRB- , almost every song sounds the same . And Clay has this annoying habit of `` finishing '' each and every song as if it were performed live . Maybe it 's just me but I kind of like -LRB- or am used to -RRB- fade outs in pop songs . I definetly like Clay 's voice and there are standout songs that actually effected me -LRB- the title track especially moved me -RRB- but I have to say Kelly Clarkson 's debut CD is head and shoulders a better produced collection than this middle of the road , unoffensive , generic collection of milquetoast . I expected more from Clay after his first single . Better luck next time .
 It hurts to see Clay fall like this . The momentum leading up to the CD release was so great that it only leads to disappointment . It 's not Clay 's fault . I blame it on the media and hype surrounding the release that Clay could not do anything but fail.Please do not waste your hard-earned money on this trash . Josh Grobin 's CD is much more satisfying .
 I just purchased the new Clay Aiken CD and I do n't think I have ever been more disappointed in my life . I feel like this man 's beautiful voice is no where even near 10 % of what it is capable of on this album . Most of the songs do n't even sound like him . I have waited for this to come out because his voice sends goosebumps up my spine when he hits `` those notes '' , and I skipped through every song on this album and found none that even came close . I hope that Clay speaks up and says , this is not the measure of me , and his next album show cases his God given talent . When you hear songs like `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' that are amazing and then listen to this album , you can not even begin to compare . The only reason I gave it one star is because of the song `` This is The Night , '' other then that , I would not have rated it .
 what is with the uinfatuation with an obviously closeted flamer with a big , grandiose -LSB- yet sterile as a hospital lab -RSB- voice ? i swear his voice is n't as beautiful as , say , Marc Anthony yet Aiken suffers that same fate as Anthony - big voice , bad songs , but at least Anthony emotes when he sings - Clay , on this CD , sounds and seems like he 's showing off - like a more effeminate Celine Dion - all over the top caterwauling with absolute ZERO feeling . When a Marc Anthony wails , or a George Michael , or a Luther Vandross -LSB- etc. . . -RSB- holds notes -LSB- for longer than 11 seconds , i might add -RSB- the inherent emotions shine . i believe many of the over-praised reviews of this CD -LSB- and the equally BORING ` Solitaire ' single -RSB- are mainly from folks disgusted with the whole sex-as-entertainment you see on the charts , or over the hip hop/r & b phase . listen to this CD again , people and this time with a less prejudiced ear . let us hope the next time Aiken records , it 's with a little less Broadway and a lot more EMOTION .
 Hun , the CD is nothing special . It is not an essential CD like the Beatles , Supremes , or Aretha . He will be a one CD hit wonder huns .
 I thought I would give my ear to the sample cuts from this cd of Mr.Clay Aiken and I must say that I am so glad that I did not go and waste my money on the total cd . Clay , darling , the cd is bad . Do not believe the 5 star reviews that you have recieved . These people do n't actually know music and they are not being sincere . Take what you have done and learn from it and do a better job the next time around . Your voice is wild and out of control . You are putting too much emphasis in getting your point across to the listener . I feel as though you are still feeling that you are in a competition . You lost . As I said , take this experience and learn from it . If you ca n't do any better , then shoot for Broadway .
 Silly , syrupy lyrics throughout and , surprisingly , the vocals are completely uninspired . This ca n't be what Aiken wanted .
 Ditto ats27 . Clay 's voice is indeed beautiful , and he has magnificent range for lead vocals in a broadway musical , or for easy listening . Tone him down , he is not a pop singer . Stop trying to make him something that he is not . Clay , Harry Connick Jr. did a magnificent job just being himself , and so will you . That is , once you realize who you really are musically .
 After listening to the first few songs of the album I 've been waiting months for , I had to look and make sure I picked-up the right one . It does n't even sound like him , which is ironic since most of his audience liked him for the way he sounds !!! The songs could use some help , but at least they used songs by serious song writers , such as Desmond Child . Let 's just hope that Clay can hang around enough to go his own way and sound the way he did before .
 I expected better from Clay . This CD is just an example of Clay not being Clay . Why change ? You have a great broadway , caberet voice Clay . Stop screaming and please step away from the pop music . It just is n't you !
 I found Clay 's new recording to be really disappointing . This just is n't the Clay we heard on TV , and I suppose there are several reasons for that . First of all , the music he sang on American Idol was all familiar , while this recording contains all new music . The songs are just crappy , nonmemorable little love-gone-wrong ditties , lacking any sort of depth and having no redeeming qualities other than the voice singing them . Also , something about the way this CD was recorded does n't sound quite right ; he sounded much clearer and alive on TV . I was surprised the CD is no better than it is , as Clive Davis produced it , and he has launched such stars as Whitney `` I Have a -LSB- Drug -RSB- Problem , Houston '' and Mariah Scarey . I hope Clay can find his niche over time -LRB- contemporary Christian or Michael Buble-type big band standards , perhaps ? -RRB- , but this is n't it . The recording will sell well based solely on his recent Idol fame -LRB- as evidenced by the empty shelves at Target last night -RRB- , but I think he may struggle with a second CD release after this one .
 This CD is a spectacular disappointment . Clay has a huge , pure voice , and this CD works hard to cancel it out . Overproduced and underbalanced , every song is marred by a pervasive , tinny whitenoise , as if the drummer was told to keep the cymbals hissing through every song . This fuzzes up Clay 's pure , clear tone , and cancels out every nuance of his emotional and musical resonance . It 's as if the producer/arrangers did n't trust his voice to carry . What idiots . Clay seems like a smart kid ; hopefully he 's smart enough to choose another producer for his next CD .
 I have never bought a worse record . -LRB- And I have about six or seven hundred in all . -RRB- His voice has been produced out and the songs are as unmemorable as they come . Absolutely horrible.Whoever is handling his career - which must be over after this fiasco - has taken a perfectly decent singer and turned him into muzakChristmas is coming . Unfortunately , I know no one I dislike enough to foist this thing off on.Anonymously , of course . I would n't even want this CD in my trash bin , so I am going to have to dump it somewhere far away in the dead of night . Otherwise , the trashman might find out that I had actually spent my hard-earned money on this tripe .
 I will prepare myself to face the wrath of other Clay fans , but I think this CD is a disappointment.Clay 's voice has been watered down on most of the tracks -LRB- about 3 of them sound something `` like '' Clay -RRB- . This is probably an attempt to attract the crowd Simon thought Clay could n't attract ; but the producers/writers may have garnered Clay new fans at the expense of the old ones.I do not think he would have sold one million pre-sale copies had many of us heard the entire CD . This CD is Justin Timberlake lite -LRB- and that 's no compliment -RRB- . No Diane Warren or Sedaka style songs . Someone should have listened to his demo CD -LRB- or AI for heaven 's sake -RRB- in order to put together a debut worthy of Clay 's voice.If this continues , I will be an ex-Clay fan . Or , should I say , I will remain an AI Clay fan , forever waiting for him to come back to form.Anyway , I know many of you like the CD , but for me , what a let down .
 Once again , here is another album that I wanted to like but could n't !! The only songs worth listening to are `` Invisible '' and `` This Is The Night '' !! Poor , poor Clay . The record industry has given him bland mediocre midtempo songs that have no hook or anything special about them . Albums like this are the reason I download most of my music off of the Internet !! Where are the uptempos ?! `` When You Say You Love Me '' is out of place on this album because it 's too country sounding . `` I Survived You '' has laughable lyrics -LRB- dotting i 's , crossing t 's ? -RRB- ! Kelly Clarkson does this type of song much better -LRB- `` You Thought Wrong '' -RRB- ! `` Shine '' might be a remake because it sounds so familiar . When you finally get to the last song , `` Touch '' , you 're thinking , `` Finally !! An uptempo !! '' But after the first thirty seconds it loses its `` Touch '' . Overall , a very adult contemporary type of album . Think Michael Bolton Jr. here-except Michael is a lot better !! If you 're looking for a good American Idol artist , stick with Kelly Clarkson !! Or even Justin Guarini ! His album may not be nearly as great as Kelly 's , but at least it has more variety than Clay 's ! Update
 Clay Aiken 's bombastic , over the top singing style is bad enough to make Baby Jesus cry . If you 're not a tween or a demented middle-age soccer mom , I recommend you pass on buying this album.Patooey .
 Clay Aiken has an outstanding voice , but it is n't showcased here . This is another bland pop CD full of predictable top 40 songs . I wish him all the best , but I certainly hope his next effort will reflect his amazing talent and show more imagination .
 Does it matter how you get there ? It 's impossible to say if Aiken would sound different atop the virtual Mount McKinley if he had worked his way up and wrote his own songs . I think it would , because the sameness of the tracks are as alive as echoes in an anechoic chamber . How do you spell `` sucks '' ?
 Before you vote against this review
 I just tried listening to the cd again and still could not find myself liking anything in it . they all soumd alike and boring , the arrangements are so horrible and mediocre and for anyone used to good music this just does n't make sense.In fairness to Clay who has an awesome and powerful voice , you do not deserve this crap of songs and i hope that he would look into these seriously . please realize that the fans are a varied bunch from the teenyboppers to the older ones with very discriminating tastes . i happen to be one of them , and though i loved all of the AI2 performances i was really expecting something that would be appealing and enjoyable . sadly i find nothing here that makes me want to listen to it again and again.I hope the second cd will be of better quality w / good vocal and musical arrangement , better songs that would showcase Clay 's singing talent .
 Usually , a CD like this would meet with at least some approval from me . Inoffensive , fairly upbeat , and with some pretty lyrics ... if this was from an unknown , struggling artist , it would be acceptable . But from Clay Aiken ? The man who almost won American Idol and who is supposedly -LRB- at least to some -RRB- the best singer in the country ? No , I 'm sorry to say that coming from such a person , this CD just is n't enough.As said , there is nothing really terrible about `` Measure of a Man , '' but nothing really great , either . It is all sort of vaguely nice . I listened to most of all the songs on this CD , and it 's telling that that not a single one `` jumped out '' at me . On a good CD , I will often listen to it the first time and certainly not memorize every song , but know the ones that I definitely want to listen to a second time . But everything on `` Measure of a Man '' kind of blends . It 's all `` kind of pop '' and all mildly schmaltzy love songs . To make matters worse , I did n't get much of a `` feel '' for Aiken 's voice-most of the time the cliche upbeat background is drowning him out.If you like this sort of genre , try Josh Groban . Yes , he 's a little different from Clay-more `` classical '' and less mainstream-yet his voice is stunning and his material usually shows it . Yes , bubblegum pop such as this may be fine , but why settle for it when there are better `` musical sweets '' around ?
 First let me start by saying that clay was y favorite American Idol , I thoght , and still think , that he should have beat Ruben , Now he very well could have been a member of the bubble gum band N Sync . the One Star is for clays great voice , the lack of the other 4 stars is for his giving into that teeny bopper sound .
 I appreciate it when a product that I may purchase is reviewed with fact and not pure infatuation . The information from Jennifer is indeed fact , there was no bashing of Mr. Aiken , his sales did drop by over 60 percent and there was no real competition for him during his album release . I gather 50 cent would have given Clay a run for his money . There are almost 2000 five star reviews for this product all of which constantly harp on the fact that Clay is # 1 but no one is presenting evidence as to why that may be the case , I would n't expect the 5 star reviewers to point out the obvious which would make your reviews less credible , so , I look to the one star reviews to get the other side of the picture . With that said , as a consumer I say thank you to the reviewers who give a different side . Actually , most of the five star reviews have moved away from their album review to bashing the few reviewers who do n't like the album . It is n't like there is an abundance of 1 star ratings , there are only a few but their reviews are more believable then the 5 star ratings because I have heard this album and it is not good , the songs sound the same and it does not sound like Clay .
 Measure of a Man should read Measure of a Boy . His `` so-called '' music is only been recycled from previous performers such as N-Sync , Backstreet Boys , etc. . Is n't there anyone out there with an original voice or original music that they write themselves ? This guy is not even worth watching as I witnessed one night on Jay Leno 's , Tonight Show . Give me Marvin Gaye , Otis Redding , even Luciano Pavarotti ! At least these guys can and did sing with soul and a lot of heart , something this kid should learn before he releases another song . Even my 15 and 17 year old kids just ca n't get into this guy 's singing . Sorry Clay !
 I am a huge Clay fan , but I am extremely disappointed in this CD . The man can sing like no one else , but he had to sing songs that were less than stellar , to say the least . Give him some great songs to sing , and he 'll do right by them .
 Admitedly , he has a mesmerizing voice . HOWEVER , he still lacks the ability to have a grasp of the nuances and emotions to be shown in each songs that he sings . He 's a born singer but he needs to get all the technical skills in singing before he could be labeled as the ` American Idol ' . Unlike Clay , Josh Groban , though not yet fully polished too , could easily control his ` pianissimo and forte ' and melt your heart . You do n't have to worry if he would make any embarrassing kinks in his performance . As another comparison , Kelly Clarkson 's performance is so firm and solid . She 's qualified to be a true artist , while Clay is n't .
 I really enjoyed Clay on AI2 , was one of the first in line to preorder the album , and was really looking forward to receiving it . However , I was very disappointed . Not so much in Clay , but in the song selection . In fact , when I have it on , I have noticed so many of the songs sound alike , I have trouble identifying which one he is singing . They do n't have the `` inspired '' feel that his voice can deliver . After listening to the album several times now , I 'm giving up . I doubt it will hit my CD player again.I hope Clay has a long career and reaches a broad audience base , but in the words of Simon Cowell , `` It did n't do it for me ... ''
 I am very surprised at the 5 starspeople are giving this CD . Pleasedo n't waste your money . Clay wasokay on AI2 but this new CD justshowcase his talents . Hopefullynext one will be better . I will haveto give this one two thumbs down !
 Like most CD 's that I purchase , there are songs I like , and songs that are just okay . The difference with this CD is Clay 's voice . He could sing the Alphabet and make it sound great . Two of my favorite titles are Measure of a Man and When You Say You Love Me which has a little country flare to it . Go out and buy this CD . There is no other voice like Clay Aiken 's !
 I have been waiting for months , MONTHS , with anticipation for this CD . I am a HUGE Clay fan and I had downloaded every piece of Clay 's music I could find over the Internet and played it until I could sing it in my sleep . I loved his demos , especially the Christian music ; i.e. , `` Go the Distance '' , `` More to Life '' , and was hoping this new album would be more full of the zest of life and the positivity he represents rather than -LRB- seemingly -RRB- immature teenage angst and canned background music from synthesizers . `` Run to Me '' has the makings of a great song , but I hate the ending of it . I really liked `` Shine '' and it feels a lot like a John Lennon song , even if some reviewers think the lyrics are pie in the sky . `` I Survived You '' is probably my favorite song on the CD , though once again I feel like the ending could have been a lot more imaginative . I was really surprised by `` When You Say You Love Me '' . Okay , Clay does n't seem the type to meet anyone in a bar , let alone fall in love with them on the same night and expect them to tell him they love him like they mean it during that same night . Please someone give me some redemption regarding WHY he chose this song ? I bought two copies of Measure of a Man , and I will listen until maybe these songs grow on me , but honestly , I ca n't WAIT until the next CD comes out . Please Clay , follow your heart and not anyone else 's . Your fans and you deserve to hear the music that expresses the REAL you . That 's what we have been waiting for ... our whole lives .
 There was not one song on this CD that impressed me . I expected more from Clay Aiken . His voice was drowned out by the music half the time and the lyrics did not capture my attention . In other words , there is not one track that I found myself humming or singing later.I force fed myself the whole CD just to get my monies worth . I was very dissappointed . Not worth buying . Hopefully , his next album will be more entertaining or at least bearable . I am a fan .
 I went mad for this guy during the American Idol trials ! Sat down and watched and cheered each week ; all excited when the album came out and more importantly arrived in Ireland ! But when I listened to it ; he did n't sound at all like he did in American Idol.I think his song choices on this album left a lot to be desired . Where were all the brilliant songs he sang on the American Idol show ? That 's what I wanted to hear , that 's what I would WANT to hear if I went to see him live in concert.But other than that , I wish him well and hope he takes note of this !
 I like `` Touch '' best , `` This is the Night '' & `` Invisible '' are also pretty good , but I 'm over `` Invisible '' by now . The rest of the CD just runs together for me . I get no feeling from Clay , although he has a good voice , he has little emotion and tends toward glory or held notes to impress . My least favorite of the 4 idol CDs I own , even Justin 's gets played more often .
 Ca n't hide my disappointment with this CD . I was looking forward to it , especially after attending the Idol concert in Raleigh . Unfortunately on this CD Clay is overpowered by background singers . There is also no diversity . Most of the songs sound the same to me . As an older fan I was hoping for some classic numbers like those Clay sang on the TV series . I wo n't be listening to this CD again . Hopefully whoever is responsible for it will learn from the experience and can produce something which will let Clay shine and reach out to his entire audience on his next CD .
 this is the worst album i have heard since barry manilow . clay did a snow job on the american people witrh this crap he put out songs with no meaning at all . give me back my money clay . kelly clarkson was far better then this junk that no one wants to listen to . go back to georgia red clay .
 That a bad star for clay aiken this c-d is really borring and all the songs sound the same . One listen of this album is enought to say do n't waste your money into this c-d . Really peace of nothing .
 This CD is a huge disappointment . Clay has such an awesome voice , and this CD does little to show off his true talent . The songs are average at best and lack the kind of melodies that would truly show off Clay 's gift . I 've read many reviews of this CD and the most recent stated the same . It lacks any luster and will probably get lost in a pile of old CD 's . Good luck next time Clay on producing some more appropriate music for your awesome voice .
 but I liked him better on American Idol . I 'm glad that others like it his cd and that he 's doing really well on the charts .
 My husband purchased this for me since I fell in love with Clay 's voice on American Idol ... how very disappointed I was . Soulless and drenched in over-production , his voice comes off as perfect-pitch robotic . Think of it as air-brushed to perfection , which is certainly not a good thing . It sounds like every other pop album out there , including his AmIdol cohorts . Ugh . Pure rubbish.I know that I am going to get a very low mark from people reading this , but dont take my word for it . Take the words of the 100 people here on amazon.com selling this crap for $ 2 a pop !
 Well , this is just what you would expect from American Idol runner-up , Clay Aiken . All he sings about is love crap . Not just in 5 or 6 songs , no he finds it his duty to sing about that 12 times ! People , there are only 12 songs ! Ca n't he think of anything else to sing about ? He does n't even write his own lyrics , which is probably just the same , if not worse . Clay also did n't break any new musical ground or experiment at all , so its the same old soft rock songs again that have been created so many times before . Its nothing new , nothing spectacular , nothing worth your money . With lyrics like , `` All I want to do is make you mine/I 've been hurt too many times '' , `` No more sad songs '' and , `` Shadows fall across the sun sometimes / shine / you 're gon na shine '' , it sounds like Clay picked the songs he was going to put on his CD out of a hat . `` Its in the way you move me/the way that you tease me the way I want you tonight / its in the way you hold me '' , I 'd also like to know why he is singing about this , because I heard he has n't had a girlfriend in five years . Not that I have anything against him , but he should be singing about something different , as all the other songs contain variations on this . How RCA records let Mr.Aiken release this CD with 12 songs about the same thing is beyond me . Wait , did I say 12 songs ? , I meant a 46 minute song about the only thing Clay can think of singing . However , if you do decide for some strange reason to buy the CD and you do n't like it , the money you paid is n't completely in vain as the CD case makes a fine coaster and I 'm sureyou could give the CD to one of your unsuspecting friends or use it as a low budget Frisbee . I must say , Clay does have a good voice that is better sounding with `` classics '' and the CD is n't entirely bad . Just 98 % of it . To Clay I recommend spending more time on his songs that he did n't write himself and toeveryone who is n't obsessed with Clay -LRB- as those people will buy it anyway , listen to it constantly , and keep it dear to their hearts -RRB- I recommend steering very clear of this one . `` I hate writing about love . Love songs are a big waste of time to me , its the same regurgitated crap you hear every day . '' - Chester Bennington , singer of Linkin Park . -LRB- P.S. I do have this recording and was a Clay fan when he was on American Idol and do believe he should have won the title . But his CD sucks and nobody should have to suffer for 46 minutes while listening to this . If you want proof this CD sucks , download it off Kazaa or something so you do n't waste money on this crap . I did n't ACTUALLY buy this , but rather burned it off an Obssessive `` Clay '' - pulsive friend . -RRB-
 I agree with the woman who reviewed this album . It just sounds like Backstreet Boys and Nsync music recreated in 2003 . Been there done that . Clay needs to step his game up if he wants to last in the music industry any longer .
 I waited in anticipation for the release of this album . I think it 's awful with the exception of two tracks - `` Measure of A Man '' and `` This is the Night '' . The background music is far too loud and drowns out Clay most of the time . It sounds like he is shouting to be heard above the music . The wonderful voice we heard on `` American Idol '' is certainly not evident on this CD . The lack of ballads is disappointing - he 's certainly not cut out to be the next rock star - please do n't try to portray him as such .
 I am sorry but this CD just does not work . You are better off buying the single mp3 that you want to listen to . Buying the complete CD is a waste .
 he sings good , but he sings bad songs , the only good song is The Way .
 Actually I love Potato Chips ... this just plain SUCKS . What is wrong with you people ?! Must you follow and do everything a `` reality '' show tells you to do ? And this guy supposeldy freakin ' LOST ! There 's something wrong here folks . When society is reduced this low and forget such classics and Beethoven and Mozart Concertos , Classic rock like Floyd or Zepplin , even modern music like Dream Theater and Nightwish ... there is something wrong with American Society.Just like with Potato Chips ... you do n't know when the frell to stop !
 Clay Aiken needs to take a seat . His 15 minutes of fame has ended and it 's a wrap for him . He should stick to doing broadway tunes and not Pop . His album is a sad attempt and i really would n't recommend it to anyone ... not even my worst enemy .
 This geek reminds me of a watered down Elton John except that one thing , real talent . She he can sing but at leased Elton John wrote his own songs . Clay 's voice sounds a lot like Elton 's but too bad his 15 minutes of fame are up . He will always have the words `` American Idol '' written beneath him which is why he will not go far . He is an Elton John-wannabe like Kelly Clarkson is a Mariah Carey-wannabe .
 Wow ! Can you hear it ?? Listen - listen very carefully ! The music here is the same as Kelly Clarkson 's album , only with different lyrics and Clay singing instead of Kelly ! Can I sue somebody ??
 I mean , the title of this cd makes you think its a manly type of music but to anyone who thinks that , can just look at the cover and go uhhhh ... what ?!? His singing is horrendous , I mean think to yourself for a moment , are you really going to be listening to this cd for years and years to come.I 'm starting to think that people have lost all sense in how music is supposed to sound , this is n't it . This music was created out of trying to be the most popular . That is not what music is about . Music is n't about show ; its obnviously about how it sounds , will sound , and has sounded . I do not believe that music has come from the classics of the olden days to create this piece of `` pop `` ular rubbish.Oh and i have noticed that many people who read the reviews i type , think that the yes/no button at the bottom actually means agree/disagree , if you do n't agree thats fine , but keep it to yourself . Amazon is just looking for people who think this helped there purchase decision .
 DECENT MUSIC STRONG TALENT BUT STUDIO STERILE PRODUCTION ALA `` INSYSNC '' THE FACT THAT THIS GUY IS A BONAFIDE IDOL JUST SHOWS HOW EASILY THE BIG FAT CATS OF THE MUSIC INDUSTRY CAN MANIPULATE NOT ONLY THE IGNORANT MUSIC BUYING PUBLIC BUT MOLD AND SHAPE A TAILOR MADE PRODUCT . WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO THE CALIBRE OF GREATNESS OF PEOPLE LIKE SINATRA AND ELVIS AND THE BEATLES PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY SET THE STANDARD THAT EVERYONE ELSE HAS STRUGGLED TO MEET EVERY SINCE ? TODAY THERE IS ONE PERSON FOR VOCAL COACH-ANOTHER FOR DRESSING YOU - SOMEBODY TO TEACH YOU HOW TO TALK-ANOTHER HOW TO WALK - A HAIRSTYLIST AND A TON OF MAKE-UP . CLAY AIKEN IS A MANUFACTURED POP STAR AND HIS TRANSFORMATION IS AKIN TO THE DECISIONS OF HIGH POWERED RECORD EXECUTIVES IN THE 1950 'S WHO TRIED TO SELL US PAT BOONE AS A ROCK N'ROLL STAR BY LOOSENING HIS TIE AND SINGING TUTTI FRUTTI-OR THE PUSH TO FIND THE NEXT `` ELVIS '' THAT GAVE US FABIAN-TOMMY SANDS-FRANKIE AVALON AND A DOZEN MORE CHEAP KNOCK-OFFS . ELVIS WAS ELVIS AND HE WAS WHAT HE WAS - DRESSED THE WAY HE DRESSED-TALKED THE WAY HE TALKED-MOVED THE WAY HE MOVED - AND SANG THE WAY HE SANG . SINATRA WAS THE SAME AN ORIGINAL . IN THE END THE ORIGINAL WILL STAND THE TEST OF TIME . THE IMITATORS AS GOOD AS THEY START WO N'T . THE REAL TEST FOR CLAY AIKEN IS TO FIND AND BE HIMSELF.GRANTED CLAY AIKEN HAS TALENT BUT NO MORE THAN QUITE A FEW OTHER YOUNG WANNABEES . HE IS NOT A POP STAR BUT THE PRODUCERS OF AMERICAN IDOL HAVE ONLY PROVEN HOW EASY IT IS TO BE A STAR IN TODAY 'S TALENT STARVED MARKETS . CONGRATULATIONS CLAY AND I HOPE YOU GET EVERYTHING YOU CAN FROM THIS RIDE BECAUSE THE FICKLENESS OF THE INDUSTRY CAN MEAN A WHOLE NEW FLAVOR BY THIS TIME TOMORROW .
 There is no artistry is this first endeavor . Some of the lyrics are painfully odd and Aiken 's delivery lacks depth , texture , nuance , finesse , and diversity . Yes , he is a guy who can sing , but he is not an interesting singer . He is certainly not original , nor do I get a sense that there is any real emotion behind the delivery . I feel like I 'm being sung at rather than sung to . I admit to never being a fan of glory noting brand of singing , and Aiken only solidifies that conviction.I did n't find him interesting on AI and he is even less so on this debut . Aiken has proclaimed that he is not an artist , just a guy from a reality show . So far , he 's confirmed the limitations of his musical aspirations.As for his sales . Well , McDonalds sells alot of burgers ... that does n't make the burgers any better quality . Nothing 's wrong with those who enjoy a fast food burger , please enjoy , but do n't insist it 's filet mignon .
 Pointless CD unless u like badly sung ballads that have no meaning worst thing everdo not be persuaded by these `` claymate '' people they are biased and know that clay does infact stink they just ca n't except it if u know wats good for u STAY AWAY FROM `` MEASURE OF A MAN ''
 i am sorry to say that this album really changed my opinion of clay aiken . This album is horrible and if you want to know why there are so many used copys available to buy you 'll know after listening to this . I want Ruben Studdard
 I do n't think this guy sucks completely but he is pretty overrated . I read articles saying that he is the next Elvis Presley . Hahahaha , that 's funny . I can see him being the next Richard Marx but he 's never gon na be up there with the king.Triumph The Insult Comic Dog said it best ... `` Ruben or Clay , which one to pick ? It 's like choosing what puddle of vomit to lick '' .
 Think back to the final 32 on American Idol II , all trying for a spot in the top 10 . I remember Clay being in the group with Kimberly Locke and Ruben Studdard . Clay had this habit of over enunciating which cost him a slot in the final 10 , losing out to Kimberly and Ruben . However , Aiken was extremely lucky , got a second chance , he blows us away . Now , comes his first album Measure of a Man ... can I just say , if Clay were trying to get into the top ten with any of these songs , he 'd be sent home again and hopefully , he would n't get a second chance . This first release proves to me that there should never be another wildcard again , someone more deserving , talented , and consistent should be here . Simply because a person has a range of loud and louder does n't make them a great and consistent singer . I will give him Clay credit , when he is on , he is on , but he can only yell for so long when singing , that must take a lot out of his voice and it shows .
 I put this cd on and my dog started howling . As if there was a full moon . This CD is horrible . American Idol is stupid . If any of these clowns had an iota of talent , they would have signed to a label already -LRB- See Kelly and Justin movie - that movie made about half a million at the box office ! -RRB- . I looked at the notes on the CD . He didnt write one song ? So basically someone picked all of these songs for him . This CD makes me wretch . Also , dude is kinda ugly for a teen idol . In fact all of the winners and runner up are horrible looking . WTF ?
 I broke out in a cold sweat listening to this album . I do n't like this album and you will surly agree .
 I believed that Clay would be someone who could bring something different to the table . But in fact his album is everything thats wrong with the pop world . The songs are bland and he is trying to appeal to one group instead of his entire fan base . The songs are very meh and so contrived you would have thought he recorded them yesterday in the car . This album is not what the record industry needs to spruce itself up . Barry Manilow and Micheal Bolton already reign the Adult COntempory charts why do we need more cheesy pop songs ??? This is an album controlled by the makers of American Idol , not a record company . Its a shame that the other idols have respectable albums even if they are not blockbusters . Measure of a Man is strictly produced to make money not to be a sensation . It would be nice to see some crativity in this ! very disappointing !
 Ca n't wait for Ruben 's album
 Honestly , this cd is not worth buying at ALLLLLL ! Clay Aiken may be # 1 again on the charts , but look at how much the sales percentage dropped off -LRB- 60 + percent is the percentage . -RRB- Wow !!! that 's a big decrease in sales . I guess all the so called `` claymates '' could not afford to buy in the multiples like they obviously did the first week of sales , or realized that he 's not worth going broke over !!! Nice try though `` claymates . '' Better luck next time , if he 's lucky enough to get one . One star for pitty !!!!
 Not only is clay really ugly , he sucks . Radio stations are saying his 1st single is the only song that is n't annoying and `` easy listening '' for the older people .
 Clay , Clay , Clay . Knock it off . Seriously , you are getting on America 's nerves . You did n't win American Idol , and you do n't deserve to release this album . What 's really annoying is that there are only positive reviews of this album on Amazon.com . Hopefully Amazon.com wo n't censor the freedom of speech , and the freedom to let you know before you do a stupid thing , that this album is a disgrace to Music as we knew it . The only reason one should buy this album is to discourage someone else from buying by publicly setting it on fire or by letting your friends listen to it ... a word of caution
 I am an avid fan of Clay , and in my opinion , this cd did not give justice to his talent . It was a big disapointment . The emotions and the magic were just not there . I hope RCA realizes that its the golden voice of Clay that gains admiration , and that they should not change Clay 's style of singing , as his voice in this cd is just mediocre . I could not even believe that it was him who was singing ...
 My wife and I are huge Clay fans . We were both very disappointed in the songs on this CD , with the exception of the title song . The background percussion was often overpowering . We also did n't like the `` boy band '' type songs on this CD . The only thing that is positive about the CD is Clay 's amazing voice -LRB- to the extent it can be heard over the background noise -RRB- ! We hope Clay 's next CD will be produced by Neil Sedaka and focus on Clay 's wonderful voice , with only minimal accompaniment .
 Clay Aiken , runner-up on American Idol - the immensely popular talent-churner - , gives his all on the # 1 seller , `` Measure of a Man '' . Problem is , though , he tries way too hard : Every song features the somewhat talented belly-acher singing at the top of his lungs , and , while doing so , you can almost envision him in the studio singing into the mic , pleading in that charasmatic , but way-too-dramatic voice , ` Please , ladies and gentlemen
 Do n't get me wrong ... I am 100 % Clay fan ... but ... this CD was a disappointment . The songs are more teeny-bopper type of songs . `` David Cassidy '' re-visited . His choices of music on American Idol suited him much better . Hopefully his NEXT CD will bring him back to that format .
 I know this guy 's considered '' -LRB- ... -RRB- '' or w/e by alot of people but I 'll be honest , I 'm a teenage guy and I actually liked his first single , it was n't half bad . This new song `` The Way '' , just sucks . And the video does n't help either .
 I am in shock at the blandness of this debut CD ! I do n't see the real Clay Aiken in the production at all . What a disappointment .
 Oh Great just what America needs , another souless , overhyped no talent John Mayer wannabe . I have n't and wo n't buy this cd but workong in a record store I had to check it out and see what all the fuss was . The songs are poorly written and meaningless . Clay himself sounds as if he belongs in a highschool production of Grease . Do n't waste your time and money on this . If you actually like this kind of drab souless music just pick up John Mayer 's new cd , at least he sounds like a talented singer rather than a aspiring drama queen with a sore throat .
 first of all Clay Aiken has a decent Voice but make no mistake about it Ruben clearly was the Man Vocally of the two.Clay has this Safe run of the mill Material which He should n't be doing so soon.but then again considering what Rod Stewart has been doing with His Last two Projects then I think Clay should have done that instead.Rod needs these Songs & Clay needs to do what Rod is doing.nothing on here has Knock Out written on it.very Bland & dry.Clay deserves better than this .
 I absolutely love Clay 's voice , and I could n't wait for the release of this disappointing debut . But the nuances of his voice that make it so phenomenal are hidden underneath the `` music . '' I would rather hear Clay singing acappella or singing just about anything other than these songs . Why cover up such a beautiful voice ?
 `` MEASURE OF A MAN '' ... What a interresting and revealing title for the debut solo CD of the `` male waif with dyed eyebrows '' . On this product , `` La diva AIKEN '' drowns himself in syrupy musical arangements . The artwork on the CD is stylish and simple thus my rating of 2 Stars.Vocally , AIKEN produces the image of a wan na be christian cabaret singer hoping to join the troupe UP WITH PEOPLE . Loosing his `` broadway edge '' , he is opts to be produced as a `` infomercial singer '' . This CD casts AIKEN in the spolight of a GRADE B LOUNGE ACT.AIKEN must learn to study the contents of his lyrics prior to whaling words into a microphone . His vocal techniques will no longer impress television judges but may end up annoying the public at large.This CD does make one wonder if AIKEN could be the next SAM HARRIS ... -LRB- by the way
 This is a huge diappointment . The producers of this CD should be publicly flogged . Clay 's fans love his strong , booming voice and ability to pound out ballads . You 'll hear NONE of that on this CD . I am amazed that producers with decades of experience would n't understand that fans want to hear the full range of Clay 's voice . Instead , what you will hear are a bunch of sappy , run of the mill pop tunes that will uninspire . Save your money and buy some old Barry Manilow cd 's . At least you 'll get what you are paying for . Let 's hope , on his next CD , that Clay is allowed to sing the way we all know that he can .
 Too Vanilla-icesh for me !
 Listen up and watch that video for `` Invisible '' to see what pre-fab crapola Clay Aiken is up to . Remember when U2 had a spontaneous street concert and were shut down by the police ? Well , Aiken 's video for `` Invisible '' wants to convince us that his song `` Invisible , '' which is n't about much , has such political relevance and cachet that the police and a HELICOPTER have to suddenly rush in and hold the fans at bay . It 's all calculated , guaranteed to provide his voice -- which deserves better -- to seem dangerous , although that danger has been carefully accounted for . Oh , Clay 's not dangerous , except to ask people to open up their wallets for a song that is designed by a hit factory and make it SEEM politically relevent . Thanks a lot , Clay . If you were invisible -- oh wait , you already are .
 HAHAHAHA !!! Poor little Clay fans , all whining and crying because Clay did n't get any Grammy nominations ! You wan na know why he did n't get any nominations ? Well , it 's really quite simple ... he does n't deserve any credit for releasing this piece of garbage CD !!! If you really think this album is one of the best of the year , I feel sorry for you because you are missing out on a lot of other music that actually is good .
 With the exception of Clay Aiken outselling Ruben Studdard 's debut album , everything else is an accurate description of MOAM in the Amazon Editorial Review . Ruben 's Debut album will not be released until December 9 , so , your facts are wrong there , however , an easy mistake since a lot of the 5 star reviewers have said over and over themselves how many albums Clay Aiken has sold over Ruben . What this information has to do with a CD review is beyond me.The remainder of the Editorial Review is an excellent review of MOAM . Definitely gives the consumer real information instead of the excessive spammed 5 star reviews that have been written over and over by the same group of people .
 Clay Aiken needs all the chairty he can get so I 'm giving him a star .
 Clay Aiken is the kind of polished but staid crooner that fills so many hotel lounges.His voice is absolutely unremarkable , he takes absolutely no risks , and his music absolutely sends me off to sleep.The best word to describe this CD is ` ponderous ' . Like any of Clay 's songs , its so holier-than-thou it makes you want to gag . At one end you have rap thugs talking about pimps and hos and crack deals and AK 47s , and then this guy comes in from the other side , blindfolded , and then goes on and on about how good and pure and untainted and sweet life is ... Hello Mr Aiken , or should I call you Saint Aiken , do you not see how wicked the world actually is ? And you just want to close your eyes and sing all your meaningless sentimental platter to a world that has already seen so much?But enough said . Do n't buy this CD . Save your money for some real music .
 I 've honestly heard this entire album , I 'm glad that I did n't buy it . Everything sounds almost the same and I find myself getting bored with his voice . I 'm a big fan of everyone on AI , so I listen to every song first before I judge . I would say Kelly Clarkson and Ruben Studdard 's CD 's are better than this . Please , do yourself a favor and buy those instead , not this . I would recommend maybe downloading some of Clay 's songs , but do n't spend your money .
 I finally put myself in front of the thing , and listened , and I raelly wanted to enjoy it even though I figured I would n't . And my instincts were right - this is nothing but pop pablum , and not even well sung or well produced pop pablum.Musically it is totally uninsteresting - all hooks and psuedo-poppish melodic lines that fail to compel me in any way whatsoever . I was happy when the music ended.If one must listen to pop music -LRB- and I 'd suggest that you please expand your musical horizons -RRB- you can do way , way better than this guy.He really does follow in the footsteps of ` NStink and Backstreet Boys - continuing the flood of crap into mainstream America.Yuck!There is some -LRB- though very little -RRB- GOOD pop music . Not surprisingly , Clay Aiken is not it .
 Why do people like this fake music that is written by people other than the person who is actually singing it ? This American Idol stuff is uncreative and for impotent minds . Reality that lacks reality . I lisetend to a few songs on here and sure Mr Aiken is a good singer , but there is no way I will buy into this facade . I will only listen to real music , and what I mean by real music is musicians that write and perform their own songs .
 My thrifty -LRB- stingy -RRB- friend who 'd not even throw away month-old newspapers gave me this CD , and told me I could keep it . I should have been suspicious of this unexpected generosity ... My hunch was right on ... Every song sounds the same , stale , corny and sleep-inducing . I 'd rather re-read month-old newspapers-unless I have trouble sleeping , then I 'll whip out the CD and I know I 'll fall asleep within 2 songs , or faster .
 I guess the big questuin is
 You are making yourselves look like complete fools . You have turned this review system into a message board now STOP it . Review the CD and move on ! People have a right to dislike this CD . Simply because there are more 5 star reviews then anything else does n't automatically make the album good.Cut it out with the Billboard -LRB- you sound like fools -RRB- review as Billboard is one of the very few sources that thinks this album is good , however , if this happens to be the best Pop Album of the year , it must have been a very , very bad year for pop music . I 'd hate to hear the other pop albums of 2003 if Measure of a Man is considered the best . It is hardly pop.As Rolling Stone recently said in their review : `` For everything wrong with Aiken -- his unremarkable phrasing and delivery , his old-man self-importance in a young man 's body -- he 's adept at this school of middle-of-the-road bombast . He gets perhaps a bit too wistful on `` Shine , '' which borrows liberally from the Chicago standard `` Hard to Say I 'm Sorry , '' but when one 's whole career is a homage , it 's hard to know when the line has been crossed . `` ROLLING STONE ca n't be wrong , they love Clay .
 Is this what the music industry has turned into ? As if the zombied brain dead have n't ruined it enough for those of us that know how to turn off the television . Music is about capturing the intangable , not fashion makeovers for the poor little geek . Explore artists with creativity and not this junk that is being spoonfed to the masses . You know you 'll just end up using this CD as a coaster in 2 months anyway .
 Have always liked Clay Aiken , but the songs and Clay 's singing style all sound the same . It is an extremely non-versatile and very boring effort . Compared to Kelly Clarkson excellent Thankful CD , Clay himself should be `` thankful '' that his fans helped him debut at # 1 . `` Measure of a Man '' is truly a disappointing CD .
 Why do n't you people shut up your attacking of ever honest reviewer and actually listen to this drab piece of junk . So Clay can sing and he seems to be a nice guy . That does NOT make this mess a good album . It lacks everything that makes for a good album like originality , emotion , oh and how about having the album reflect the singer . This album has nothing to do with Clay . He did n't write one single word and therefore it is nothing but kareoke , which is exactly how it sounds . You obsessed people need to get a clue . Clay is not the messiah , he is n't even a real musician . A good singing voice alone does not an artist make . There are hundreds of equally talented singers out there doing commercial jingles . Clay got lucky by being noticed by a tv show , however a tv show is all this is . Real music fans will NEVER fall for this
 What a great marketing scam . Create a show and sell cd 's . Have no talent normals perform and destroy last weeks hits . Have audience assume that high pitched squeling is some form of singing . Have audienec choose the lame singer of choice , choice becomes poster boy for crap pop , and audience buys millions of record from said crap singer . If you call this music , you are a very lazy human being or a very gullible young person . At least crap pop singers like britney did work hard to become a pop poser , but these hacks just won a contest . But hey , I 'm not wasting my money on this , so if you 're the sucker than I hope you enjoy this illusion of music . The television producers are laughing all the way to the bank . Laughing at all of you .
 clay has a nice voice , but all of his music sound a like , of course his fan 's do n't think so , even if it sounded horrible they would buy it . but moam is a thumb 's down for me , maybe next time he can show more emotion 's .
 I was disappointed in this CD . Clay has a good voice , but this CD was n't as good as I expected .
 It would make sense to explain Aiken 's album , if there were a way . It seems taht Aikens big-wigged , self-centered career would seem like it were mounding to a Madonna status , but his album and direction fall far short of even calling it defining . It could be the way songs like `` Shine '' , `` I Survived You '' , `` Invisible '' , `` The Way '' , and the sappy `` No More Sad Songs '' really only call to a head-spinning rendition of a Barry Manalow album gone horribly wrong . While his vocals breakthrough here and there , the vocals and music end up meshing together and and it starts to seem like an endless pool of 90 's pop rock , and is well worthy of winning the grammy for `` Elevator Music Of The Year '' award , if there were one.Though `` This Is The Night '' , and `` Measure Of A Man '' bring about a revival of difference , theres still a thin line between legend and one-hit wonder . Its a riveting thought taht causes you to remember that soon a new Idol will rise , and Clay may mearly just become a phased , modern day version of Wham ! , mainly because he does not signify himself enough to say he will stay after the strom passes . Sorry Clay , but in the end , Measure Of A Man only measures up to a train wreck that leaves multitudes of pain for months to come .
 Aiken initially surprised me with his voice on the American Idol show . I listened to Ruben Studdard 's `` Soulful '' Album as well as Aiken 's effort . After listening to both , I purchased Ruben 's Album and was extremely satisfied . While both artists have great voices , Aiken 's album was full of boring tunes suited for Hotel elevators . I would n't recommend this album . Hopefully , his next CD will consist of stronger material .
 how DARE you , NANAJARAYE and the anonymous reviewer who insists that jeffrey wayne christians and any one else 's reviews and opinions should be censored because they differ from yours ! how DARE you wish to censor other consumer 's right to speak their mind intelligently and cohesively . how DARE you !!!! someone hates a cd that you like and all of a sudden censorship is the answer ? i read jeffrey 's review and the other negative reviews and NOTHING is character assasination ... they are passionate music lovers who express their opinions . if you see jeffreys other reviews , he has as many positive reviews as negative . this is obviously a music lover with a deep passion for his beliefs . the only character assasination is by the anonymous reviewer who uses phrases like ` impotent ' when describing jeffrey . how immature . thank GOD that amazon sees through the ruse and has not been reduced to your level . i did n't love clays cd , but i did n't hate it -LSB- i would give it 2-1/2 stars -RSB- - but i will be damned if i think another reviewer should be censored just because you are a fan ! SHAME SHAME SHAME ON YOU !!!
 Hello , I was given this CD by a co-worker who wanted to Clay Forward with proceeds to go to the Aiken Foundation . I tried to be objective and as one who listens avidly to Streisand , Groban , and I am also a New Yorker who attends Broadway Plays , and the Opera , I was very optimistic . Clay Aiken is still young and has time to develop his voice . I was not impressed by this disc at all . It is light and popsy and not a very good first showing . I wish this young man luck in the future , he 'll need it unless he gets better production help . If not , maybe I will catch him in one of the Broadway shows that I attend . He is at least THAT good.Thanks for the CD Sylvia .
 Invisible is a great song , the best song on the cd . The rest is just blah and sounds the same . Clay has a very nice voice , but this cd is just plain boring . Broadway Clay could never have become a recording artist without the AI hype . He 's certainly no Josh Groban , that 's for sure .
 shame on all you pieces of crap for feeding the well oiled machine of manufactured pop crap ... i hope you all realzie that clay 's lyrics and beats were all written by 40 year old men ... im not disputing that he has an excellent voice ... but so do miillions otheres ... the only reason hes popular is because america is a rotten pool of television ... i love QUALITY television ... which is so so rare ... but by watching American Idol and prompted this garbage to number one on the charts ... you are destroying artists with actual MUSICAL talent who can play there instruments ... my only comfort is that this douche bags 15 minutes will soon be over ... anyways ... support bands with some talent ... thank you for your time
 I am shocked that Amazon would not print my reviews just because I 'm saying that the cd does n't measure up . if you are still trying to sell more cd 's of Measure of a Man i think it 's also fair to let the readers decide for themselves based on what the majority thinks . and the majority i know feels it sure does n't measure up to Clay Aiken 's talent and versatility . what is wrong w / being honest about our disappouintment . do n't we have freedom of speech in this great country.I notice that i have sent 3 reviews and none have been printed.I have purchased my cd from Amazon and have paid for it and did it all to support Clay , but this time pls . give others a chance to make their own choices based on a more realistic point of view . majority of buyers of the cd all bought that because they loved Clay 's awesome performances in AI2 ; they were expecting a cd that would showcase his talent . they did not even deliver what they said they would like Solitaire and other old songs . how could we not be disappointed . i feel robbed hearing the Clay who sang great songs . he was given a bunch of cheap , tacky and just plain forgettable songs w/c was most likely rejected by other singers . Invisible sucks and the rest are just as boring and not worth listening at all . it makes me cringe . it turns out that TITN is the best song of all in that cd in my opinion . The Way and MEasure of a Man i have tried to like but honestly I can not find myself liking it more than i can try.Again in as much as I am a fan of Clay 's voice -LRB- i say voice -RRB- if his second cd turns to be as mediocre as this first one , then surely i am not going to waste my money in something w/c i can not enjoy . and i 'm sure his other fans would feel this way.as for those who say that the cd is great , i say good for you guys . enjoy ...
 Living in Australia we are in the middle of our first series of Australian Idol so I was very curious as to what Clay Aiken actually sounded like so brought this CD . I found the majority of the CD rather boring . I do already own both Kelly and Justins CD 's both of which I find alot more entertaining than Clays.Clay 's CD seems very radio friendly and MORish which I spose alot of people would like but I found that maybe I needed the Hype of American Idol II to enjoy him more .
 If you like broadway tunes .
 It 's hard to believe people buy this schtick . Between Mr. Aikens ' overly dramatic singing and the really middle-of-the-road songs , there is n't anything here worth hearing more than once . Mr. Aiken might make a decent interpretive singer if he had more experience and better material . Maybe next time ...
 I was so disappointed with Clay 's new CD . Not with Clay himself - I have been a fan for months and will continue to be so - but with the songs . Clay 's amazing voice deserves a better showcase than these hastily written , one-dimensional tracks . I had heard a rumor that one of the songs would be Clay 's masterful performance of Neil Sedaka 's `` Solitaire '' - but it does n't appear on the CD . It 's the best performance I 've heard from him , but apparently it was n't `` mainstream '' enough for the producers.I hope Clay will be able to shed the `` American Idol '' moniker that is following him so insidiously . He is not your average pop star , but unfortunately this is your average pop album . Clay - and all his true fans - deserve better .
 I was a HUGE Clay fanatic after all the AI hype . I watched the show religiously and was completely in love with Clay and his voice . And I was very excited when his full length CD came out.But , I was rather disappointed with it . It is a bunch of cheesy `` love '' songs . I can honestly say that the young Clay fans will probably love it , but I am thouroughly disappointed with it . I like the song Measure of a Man , and Invisible is kinda catchy -LRB- but kind of creepy , like a stalker song -RRB- . I just expected more from Clay . I still think that he has an amazing `` live '' voice , but I do n't like his `` studio '' voice .
 Pitiful . Pathetic . Pompous . Pure sellout filler for millions of mindless minions who let TV tell them who is a star . The songs on this cd show absolutely no range or emotion that does n't sound trite or manufactured . This is nothing more than nsync or Britney Spears inspired marketing junk for the music fan with no high expectations . I listened to this cd with an open mind after never watching even one episode of American Idol . I was stunned at the utter crass and overly contemptible blueprint this cd has in store for you . I was so upset after listening to this drivel that I spit on the cd , threw it around like a frisbee , stomped on it and then finally ran over it with a tractor . Clay , if you are reading this , take the high road and get the heck out of the music business - or at least have the guts to record and sing songs that do n't have `` Millions and millions of people please buy this '' written all over it . When you try to please everybody you are selling out your soul .
 Why do n't you people buy albums by REAL artists and REAL singers , not these prefabricated generic posers.Try listening to the Aislers Set , the Clientele , Belle & Sebastian , or the Shins.NOT Clay Aiken . Not N Sync . Not Justin . Not Brittney . I 'm not trying to be a music snob here , but this guy is about on the level of somebody singing the national anthem at a high school football game . He stays in key but has no feeling or uniqueness to his voice . And he looks a little too much like that banjo kid in `` Deliverance '' , if you know what I mean .
 What should we do with Clay Aiken 's amazing vocal abilities and unique style ? Apparently , tone him down , give him barely passable bubble gum pop ballads -LRB- with laughable lyrics -RRB- , and do everything the studio can to make him sound as generic as possible . Clay , find new handlers !
 You 've got to be kidding me . I 've got a 12 year old brother that can sing really loud and smile a lot . Can he get a record deal ? Straight to the top of the list as WORST RECORD OF THE YEAR .
 I had to turn the bass all the way down and turn the treble all the way up just to find a glimpse of Clay 's voice . This album just has too much clutter for a great voice like his . I guess I will just have to wait until the corporate excutives get out of the way for Clay to find his voice again . They must have thought that the music was more important than his voice.Can I get my ten bucks back ?
 Clay has an incredible beautiful voice , but the song selections are annoyingly boring ! I found myself skipping each sound alike song until I reached the start of the CD ... I want my money back . Clay , your CD sucks
 As a 45 year old man , I was a little embarrassed by how enraptured I became with Clay on AI . I do n't usually like to jump on the mainstream bandwagon , but I was taken with Clay 's placid and relaxed countenance and the nuances is his vocal style which made the voice immediately recognizable and endearing ; the `` extra '' vowels when syllables were sustained -LRB- you know what I mean ? -RRB- and the embellishments that were uniquely his . I looked forward to an album that embodied those special traits.My reaction to the CD was one of anger and great disappointment ; not at Clay , as I assume he had very little influence on the production of this CD , but with Clive Davis ! It must take real ability to take a personality and voice so real and unique and make it sound so generic . I have to admit that I 've only listened to half the CD because I was so angry and frustrated when I realized I was n't going to get to really hear Clay Aiken . I have to believe that he feels he compromised and was n't true to his brand of singing . A liner note says something to the effect that he thanks Clive Davis for pushing him even when he did n't think he wanted to be . I would rather he had said , `` Do n't push . Trust me and that people want to hear ME . '' I sincerely hope he 's allowed to make the next CD more personal and sing those extra vowels and embellishments . I learned to like them much over the course of AI . He 's obviously an intelligent and artistic man who deserves to have some input . I want to hear CLAY next time with more interesting and varied instrumental arrangements.I 'm puzzled by some reviewers ' disdain for those who entered posts like mine . We 're not Clay-bashing . Our disappointment stems from our sincere appreciation of Clay 's originality of delivery and his inate talent.Charles Weber
 Well many people have made this point . This album was rushed . Clay 's voice is just fine , but this album takes no chances . in a word it 's `` boring '' It is as vanilla as vanilla can be . Clay and his producers need to remember what got him here . . Clay is a soft and easy crooner . What do we all remeber Clay for ??? The song , `` Do n't let the sun go down on me . '' Face it Clay , you 're the next Barry Manilow ... and what 's wrong with that ? Barry is still touring and his records are still selling . So Clay , take some time , find a good composer like Josh Grobin did and sing what you do best , do n't sing what teenagers want because you know what my friend ... you 're past that .
 I 'm a diehard Clay fan from the first time I heard his voice . Loved him at the concert -LRB- he was the STAR of the show , according to audience response ! -RRB- . Could n't wait for release of his album , bought it the first day ... Now that his album is officially successful , I 'll say what I really think ... Clay , honey , fire your management the day your contract is up !!!! Whoever chose your songs must have been drunk . The music -LRB- if you can call it that - much of it sounds fake , techno , out of a computer , not an instrument -RRB- drowns his wonderful voice too much . I 'd rather hear Clay sing accapello than with this accompaniment.I bought Barbara Steisand 's new album the same day . Was cleaning house with it playing and with my back to the CD player would swear she was in the room with me , her voice was so audible . Tried to like Clay 's CD , but that awful music ruins it for me . I guess I 'll have to wait for the day he has as much control over his music as Barbara does . -LRB- She even made Oprah paint her mic to match her clothes last week -RRB- . Clay is an amazing talent . Sure hate for him to slip away because of poor management ! Clay , escape from them as soon as you can !! I will continue to buy everything you do , but ca n't wait till you have control over your artistry .
 Ever buy a cd and say this sounds familiar ? Yep , this is one of them . Save your money for something new .
 I can truly say that my CD player saved my life . For a short while I regretted I could n't at least listen to it , but I now realize my self-sacrificing CD player had better judgement than I do.For the record , I live a cardboard box . My only possesion was my CD player . I invested my begging money in this CD , I put all my faith in this little disc to keep me happy and to keep me going . So what happened?I 'll tell you what happened.I put this hard-earned CD into my precious CD player , and you know what happened ? The CD player 's tiny crummy LCD screen started flashing obscenities at me , and then it exploded , melting plastic and battery acid all over , and ultimately burning my box to the ground .
 Only the Clay-maniacs will like this one . It is simply horrible . I give it two stars , being generous , because I like Clay and I think he can sing . The material is bad . Did they MAKE him sing these poorly written songs ? If you bought the single ` Bridge Over Troubled Water ' then you bought the best of Clay , this I am sorry , is not .
 I watched each week to hear this beautiful voice on American Idol , and waited for this CD to be released.I took it home , played it once and it is now in the stack to be traded in.How disappionting . Maybe I expected too much . I do not like the songs . Sorry .
 Why would any lucid human being waste their money buying this junk ? This isnt music . This is contrived and manufactured . I do n't watch american idol and i never would because it 's a awful t.v show that degenarates everything good about music . The ONLY people who buy this are clueless teenaged girls who know ZILCH about music , and and middle aged woman who buy this for their kids to TORTURE them !! Way too sappy , way too bland . This is safe music for people afraid to listen to music that takes risks and challenges them intellectually . Clay Aiken should stop covering songs from The Beatles and Simon and Garfunkel . He 's destroying those classics with his `` broadwayesque '' voice . The Beatles were actual artists who took risks in music and were innovative . Clay is nothing like that . Just another talentless popstar getting his 15 minutes of fame and then will fade away into oblivion . The sooner the better !!!
 I 'm not a hard person to please , but this CD makes me want to vomit . If you are looking for 12 songs that sound the same , then this is your CD . If you 're looking for something with a little variety , look elsewhere . I am a huge fan of Clay 's , but was very disappointed with this CD . If you 've heard one of the songs , you 've pretty much heard them all .
 Yuk ! is about all I can say . I loved Clay on the show but this cd sounds like one 50 min track . Save your money and get a copy used if you must . They are here for $ 4 . If you bought This Is The Night/Bridge cd single , then you got the best . These people saying Amazing ! 5 stars ! must be with the Arista marketing team . They must be getting paid to log on reviews . Clay is great and Clay can sing , but this cd has three good tracks .
 I never watched American Idol before this season -LRB- Season 5 -RRB- , but when I saw Clay Aiken doing `` Do n't Let the Sun Go Down on Me '' in the season finale , I was captivated . He seemed aloof yet sexy , and I wanted to find out more about him so I decided to go back to his album . I was disappointed to find that not a single song he has recorded conveys the same personality I saw onstage - where is the mystery ? Where is the charm ? Where is the feeling ? These songs are nothing better than manufactured , assembly-line pop drivel and even from what little I 've seen of Clay Aiken , I know he can do better.Guess I 'll just have to get my `` Idol '' fix from the original music Taylor Hicks has recorded - if you want to hear a finely-crafted , well-written , beautifully understated album along the lines of what Clay SHOULD have done , check out Taylor 's `` Under the Radar . '' It is simply amazing .
 Let me see were should I start . Once again my room-mate actually went out and brought this c.d. -LRB- why -RRB- . All I can say is come on america , people out there actually like this dude . I like to tell it how it is and this c.d. blows . From the start to the end of this mess is like pouring salt on an open wound . He sings like a girl and looks sick . What I really want back is the time I spent losing my life listing to this crap . I also see that he does n't have to much talent , there are only like 2 songs on here . That is why I love P2P so much . Overall I think clay should be soaped up and made to sing in a prison shower .
 I bought the cd just to support Clay because I loved him so much on AI . I was rather disappointed , I find some of the songs kind of catchy , but they do really all sound the same.I have come to the conclusion that he sounds a LOT better live , and after arguing with people for a long time about the fact that he does not belong on broadway , I think he does . I believe that would more fully showcase his voice . He has an amazing voice , but this cd does not do it justice . Half of the songs do n't even sound like him , in a couple of the songs you can hear his voice poking through , but they over-produced him and he does n't sound good . Lyrically , the songs do not have much substance either . They are dripping with sappiness , and some of the lyrics are embarassing to listen to -LRB- `` You forgot to dot some i 's and cross some t 's along the way '' ... yikes ! -RRB- And I thought Solitaire was supposed to be on there , another disappointment!And those of you die hard fans out there , do n't get mad at amazon for posting bad reviews , that is the point of reviews , for people to read the good and the bad , and make their own decision .
 when Clay Aiken is freed from his American Idol contract and gets to do some real music.The only cool songs on this album are This is the Night , No More Sad Songs , and I Will Carry You . For the most part though , this album is a mixture of bubblegum pop and Broadway - ... which should never be mixed because everyone knows Clay Aiken dos n't want to be a pop star/teen idol . I do n't believe his real fans want him to be one either .
 Ummm , he sounds good and all but some setbacks . The first song sounds good but when listening to words it sound awful . Like someone else said it sounds like he is stocking a girl . His voice warbles sometimes and just other stuff .
 Lets hope he can do a lot better than this first effort
 i didnt even listen to this cd but i had good right to because my friend said it sucked balls horid !!!!!! and anywase i dont like clay aiken because he sucks and gets more recognition than ruben the real winner .
 I like Clay and bought the cd , but save your money and download the songs from the show , they are MUCH better . He is so good and this cd is so bad . What happened ? Just a rush to get it out ? You have the talent , just pick better songs next time .
 Dear Clay , Well , I know this is a real busy time of year for you since you are an elf and everything , but I just had to write you and give you some praise for the awesome use of the echo-effect on your song `` Invisible '' . Nice . Tell Santa I said hi.Sincerely ,1984
 This style is for broadway . The songs are blend ! . . He will not last making those type of songs !
 I only listened to one song and please that was all i needed this type of music is just thatit really does n't fit anywhere but broadway stage you talkin about a one album wonder . In this business everyone knows it is not just about how many albums you sell it is about longevity which people seem to forget about and please believe me when i say clay most likely did not doany writing . so who 's really getting paid the songwriter of course . So do n't let sales blow your mind understand most of that money went back to the record company . And i am not a fan .
 Ewww last night on Billboard Awards , Clay was doing that gross eye-flutter thing again ! Ick ! I bet he was pretty sad when Beyonce beat him out for Female Artist Of The Year . This CD is horrible and so is Ruben 's . American Idol stinks . Listen to the Foo Fighters instead , you will be much happier .
 Let me be frank and honest with you people . What you have here are a thousand or more posters within a week , praising this cd as if it 's the second coming . When I KNOW there 's a Clay Aiken 's fan site that is encouraging fans to post as many good reviews as possible to make this cd seem better than it actually is . So let me just say , what this cd is really about . It 's another example of a lounge singer getting a deal because of an over-rated addictive music show . I listened to this cd five times and each time I became depressed . Depressed at the fact that there is an artist out there somewhere being denied the chance to shine , because he 's not AI material . While Clay has a good voice , the songs on this album are bland , boring , cheesy , corny and simple . The productions sounds JUST like Kelly Clarkston 's album . I mean we have heard this music before because Clay offers nothing new or exciting to the music scope . This is what I call ` elevator music ' at its worst . You can either believe the hype or take it from me ... if you like your music that 's challenging , take risks , different , good , experimental and pushes you mentally , then DO NOT buy this album .
 Only Claymates like it and his fans are buying his way . Mr. Aiken has a large internet fan base who are purchasing multiples to boost his sales to make the album appear to be great , however , they have to beg radio to play it . Here is a response from a radio station : QUOTE
 I am still a fan of Clay Aiken because he has a beautiful voice . However , the song selection , style of his `` made-over '' voice was disappointing . I was looking forward to hearing that smooth sexy voice of American Idol songs he sang . It was not there . Whoever decided on these songs did no justice to Clay Aiken . Maybe next time ... Sorry Clay .
 When I purchased this album , i did not think that Clay would have taken himself and acted like he had it all and that he was the over ruler of the music industry . Now i cant believe i waisted money on this . People who are supporting him are simply angry because he won over Ruben , and all I have to say is GROW UP ! Caly is a Barry Manaloe wannabe whos album consists of rock pop that meshes together and has an ending sound that makes you ask `` Didnt I hear that song 10 minutes ago ??? '' . I dont know what he was trying to prove with such a stupid album , but he ruind the true art of being different . He doesnt define himself at all as an artist , and he doesnt come close to showing his non-vocal talent . He doesnt write any of his songs , which is a sad thing because most artists dont , so whats the point ??? This album may hook you the first time through , after that all the songs sound like they need more production and a better direction . A sad effort and a sad Barry Manaloe wannabe . Those who go around and review these just because your jealous of Rubens fame ... , you to need to GROW UP ! Your as sad as Clays attempt to be something if thats what you have to do to save his career . Get a life ... , a real one!TRACKS :1 . Invisible - STand out track . Lyrics are a little weak . 3/52 . I Will Carry You - No , you will need to ask your self why you did this song ! 0/53 . The Way - whats the point . The music is discombobulated . .5 / 54 . When You Say You Love Me i skip this one every time , it bores me to death ! 1/55 . No More Sad Songs - Not true , there are plenty more sad songs to come on this album ! 1/56 . Run to Me - Tolerable , but not defining . 1/57 . Shine - VERY cleche . Needs much more dircetion and structure . .5 / 58 . I Survived You - I like . Probably my favorite . Strangely enough . 3/59 . This is the Night - I still can not stand this song , though its the best ballad on the album . 2/510 . Perfect Day - In your dreams . Another `` filler track '' Why did he do this to this album ? 0/511 . Measure of a Man - I laugh every time ! 0/512 . Touch - Listenable 2/5
 u know that INVISIBLE song ? he strikes me to be a stalker . . lol this is n't really a song to sing to if u know the message behind the song ... LOL scary ! ... im not a fan of the American Idol show but i luv to hear about the cheap cheap hilarious people that go on the show like william hung ... LOL NOW THAT KILLS ME . . really clay aiken i dont know what to say about you but that invisible song really makes me think twice about you
 not Clay Aiken . I am so sick of all of these people saying Clay Aiken is the `` Real American Idol '' . If I remember correctly , HE LOST . Did you hear that people ? HE LOST to Ruben Studdard by over 100,000 votes . I personally like Clay , I think he is extremely talented , and seems to be a genuinely nice guy . However , this album is just horrible . It 's slow , bland , and just boring . All the songs sound the same , and the lyrics to `` Invisible '' are just a bit disturbing . I hope on his next outing he will have better material , he deserves better than this stuff . If you want to hear American Idol at it 's best , go pick up `` Free Yourself '' by Fantasia . She 's the best idol of all of them .
 Let me start by saying that Clay should have won first place on American Idol , He was a thousand times better than everyone else and has a voice that far surpasses his peers.That said , this was a lousy effort on a first release , Clay became what Simon wanted all along . . COMMERCIAL . He did not remain true to himself and that to me is a very sad thing , I am extremely disappointed !
 clay floped on this cd , he need better writers , I give it a thumbs down , maybe next time .
 `` Invisible '' is definitely the creepiest song I have heard on the radio in recent memory . The lyrics seem to describe a stalker . Tell me you are n't weirded out when you hear : `` If I was invisible/I could just watch you in your room/If I was invisible/I 'd make you mine tonight '' and `` I keep tracing your steps/Each move that you make '' . There are definitely some hidden messages running through the background of this song . . Quick ! Hide your children!I have n't heard all of the songs on this record , but I have heard many -LRB- on the radio , watching Aiken 's performance on SNL , etc. . -RRB- , and from them I can deduce that this is yet another generic pop compilation churned out by the bloated record-machine that is American Idol . Clay does have a great voice , though , which is a refreshing change from most of today 's pop.Lyrically and musically , I give this cd a 1 . Clay 's voice brings it up to a 21/2 , which unfortunately is not an accepted rating .
 No doubt , Clay has an incredible gift . And I 'll admit his single `` Invisible '' is a nice change on Top 40 radio . However , he would be better served on Broadway .
 The bloke might have a good or even great voice but this pile or arse does him no favours at all , Im afraid I have no respect for pop puppets who allow themselves to be pulled in all directions and sing dire crap like this . He would have done better for himself and have more credibility if he touted himself to the record companies and worked his way up the traditional way , appearing on American Idol is the lazy way to achieve fame . Youre better off listening to Robbie Williams , hes a guy whos been to hell and back making a name for himself and deserves respect .
 I dont like this music at all maybe its just me and if you like this then you probably really think its just me but all music sounds the same well most bands not all but its just trash that we listen to and then after a few years you never listen to it . I dont know i dont have his cd and I 'm not going to get it you can if you want to but I like things that are original
 What a disappointment . I love Clay 's voice and was really excited about this CD release . His latest single , `` Invisable '' will disappear fast ! ... what a bad song . This CD certainly does n't live up to the quality of material he is capable of singing . Sorry ... I listened to this CD 8 or 9 times and it just did n't get any better . I sold it on E-bay .
 I gave this cd 2 stars and I was very generous . Clay has alot of things to be thankful for , mainly the vicious hatred of Ruben which translates into super stardom for him . Just today this runner up had a sandwich named after him at a local restaurant . If Clay was just a young artist just starting out and there was none of this controversy , there is no way this cd would have gone double platinum . I do like the single invisible , but it is not good enough to carry the entire cd . He needs more depth to his voice and to learn that he does not have to scream on every song . These songs are a collection of mushy love songs one blending into the other.I wonder how he feels knowing that it is not his talent that has sent his career sky rocketing , but a very generous case of affirmative action . Anyway he will get richer while we all continue to hate .
 Wow , this album is a HUGE disappointment . # 1 This does not sound like the same Clay that we fell in love with on American Idol , He sounds like a half rate Boy George . # 2 The production is awful , it sounds as if he is being backed by karaoke tracks . # 3 Where is the soaring , clear and beautiful voice we know he once had?Shame on those who were in charge of letting this cd be released in this condition.It seems as if all the hype is put into the show , then all care is forgotten when it the time comes to record an album . Welcome to the real world Clay , I hope the next album supports your wonderful talent .
 Clay is a true talent ... and I am sure he will grow / mature into a great singer . But this cd is full of pop fluff ... there are no show stoppingnumbers to be found here ... Clay is not a pop star ... he should be in aWestend or Broadway show delivering show stopping number after number . And as one reviewer said ... that even `` Solitaire '' was n't included -LRB- which is one pop song that did show his true range and talent -RRB- ... As for the American Idol creators ... we 're slowing seeing each of these winners fade into oblivion ... and even Clay says it on his new cd that with this effort he is INVISIBLE !!!
 Unless you like syrupy power ballads that all sound the same , I would save my money . Mr. Aiken is overrated and over-hyped .
 Here is a guy with an exceptional voice . What is he doing singing boring , emotionless music that could be sung by countless no talent others on the BMG label . I hope the guys at BMG can rent David Foster to help Clay to get it right next time . Clay could be as good as Michael Buble or Gosh Groban if only he had someone who could bring out his incredbile voice .
 Or should I have said , should have been better . Clay Aiken was one of the perfomers from AI2 that I fell in love with . What happened to this new CD is anybody 's guess . All I know it that this was n't up to Clay standards and probably should not have been released so quickly . I liked Measure of a Man but that was about it and even it was lacking .
 I think the Measure of A Man CD is one of the best CD 's I have ever purchased in terms of versility and enjoyment . It has some great break up songs , a couple with a light Christian flare , total melt down songs of devotion and a sultry , sensual ballad that will keep you hitting repeat ... that would be track 12 !!!!! Enjoy , I love it !!!!
 This album is not good . It 's not the voice I heard on American Idol , the voice on this CD is not even good enough for Broadway . The power exhibited on American Idol is lost in this CD , I 'm sorry folks , call it what you want but this CD is n't Clay Aiken . The attempt to turn him into a Pop King has taken away that beautiful voice . BRING IT BACK and forget about pop . Billboard may have said it is Pop Album of the Year but they forgot to say they took the voice away to make it pop .
 I love Clay Aiken to death , but I was really disappointed with this CD ... I really feel that it is too commercial . I love his voice and he `` curled my toes '' when I saw American Idol . He and Ruben were my picks . I was sad when Clay did n't win , and I liked the `` Bridge Over Troubled Waters '' CD single , but I did n't like this . I wo n't pre-order any more ... I 'll wait to hear clips .
 Ok , before you click on the button that says my review was not helpful , hear me out . I like Clay . I was rooting for him every single week on American Idol . And this CD really is n't that bad . But it is n't that good either . I can be a Clay fanatic and say it 's wonderful and perfect but technically there 's really nothing there . Every song sounds exactly the same . As I listened to the album I grew extremely bored because I felt like I was listening to one very looooooooong song . Clay is great when you listen to him in doses but song after song of the same melodies with his detached and emotionless voice just gets dull . And I hate what they did to his voice in most of the songs . You can easily tell they ran his vocals through a computer . He has a great voice . They should leave it alone . Maybe in the future when he has more control over his career , if he has a career , he can do things his way.The weakest song on the album is `` Measure of a Man . '' That 's pure dribble .
 This is at best , a good try for a first CD . But , I was somewhat dissapointed with the selection of songs as well as with the vocal arrangements . The vocals could be a lot stronger coming from a talented singer , such as Clay . I think a lot of people are buying this CD and making a lot of hype because they are glad to see someone who does not fit the mold make it big . I 'm sorry , I have to agree with the critics . `` He should stick to show tunes '' .
 This could have been worse I guess , but that would have taken effort in the direction of lameness which is not what the artists and performers and producers had in mind.Clay tried real hard but at least he did not try as hard as he did during American idol , where his overtrying made some oversensationalized & tacky sounding tunes . Maybe if he tries even less , his next album could be a little more tolerable.That all is more than I can say for the rest of creative and performing staff behind the album . What you have here is a guy with some vocal talent who needs some vocal style coaching singing utterly uninspired and unoriginal music that is poorly written with CHEEEZZY lyrics . What 's worse is the band playing for him sounds like they would rather be doing something else -LRB- at the moment and maybe even for a living -RRB- . I must say I am very dissapointed by the songs on this album , I did n't like Caly 's American Idol performances but I thought that if perhaps he would `` simma don nah '' with the flashy voal style and perhaps with some talented and inspired songs he could pull of a decent album or two but this just does n't cut it.Hopefully Clay will got out on a limb and work with some song writing talent like Prince -LRB- artist formerly known as or whatever -RRB- Tom Petty , Elton John , or Eric Clapton , Elvis Costello , Lou Reed , heck there 's no shortage of song writing talent ... SOMEBODY WRITE THIS KID SOME GOOD SONGS PLEEEEAAAASE!If Clay does not break away from the buble gum pop crap and change his one man boy band -LRB- with a bit of girl mixed in there -RRB- image then his career is doomed , DOOMED I say .
 ... Clay has an amazing voice ... very clear and strong . Honestly , I just do n't like the songs or his style . It 's not that he ca n't sing . I guess he just does n't sing the music that I like to hear . I was given this CD as a gift ... why ? ... I do n't know . It was a gift from a secret pal and I guess whoever pulled my name at the beginning of the year does n't know me very well . If you like Clay 's kind of music , you 'll love this CD because he sings it well . Me ? I guess I 'm just more of a typical R&B fan . Love Ruben 's CD ... love Tamyra 's CD ... love Kelly Clarkson 's CD ... but just could n't get with this one . Nothing personal . I probably just never should have listened to it . My bad .
 this album could NOT be worse . There are many good singers that come out of the Idol shows - Kelly Clarkson has a soothing , big voice that gives me a shiver up my spine everytime ; Will Young has an individual voice that really shines and impresses me ; Tamaira Grey is not the best but still has an amazing voice ; i think Guy Sebastian is also brilliant , so is Michelle McManus ; and , of course , the new American Idol has - in the top twelve - at least six good singers
 Wow , it 's just so awesome to have to have a CD with Yugi Mu -- I mean , Clay Aiken on the cover.It just irks my pickle about this YGO character I saw the other morning . I 'm fascinated . Well yeah , he 's in every episode , and he has all this spiky hair , is 16 years old and probably is n't much over 4 and half feet tall . Yugi has three different colours in his hair -- black , red , yellow -- and his hair is about 2 feet tall which concerns me since its probably half his overall height -LRB- and probably weight -RRB- . He wears so many belts on his body that I 'm worried that he might catch one of his belts on something and sufficate . Was he born that way ? How does he keep his head up with 30 pounds of hair on his head ? What will happen if his eyeballs fall out of his head ? Please help me , I 'm confused.I would 've given this CD 5 stars because of the voice and Yugi hair and monkey-look on the cover , but when I let my cat Pete have a listen , he ran up into my parents room , crawled under the EVIL bed , and never came out in 2 years . :-LRB- He could have been eaten ALIVE by dust bunnies !!
 Sorry , but this album is probably the worst I 've heard all year . It 's so bland it 's impossible to distinguish one cliched , tune-free track from the next . The cynicism of Simon Fuller and the whole American Idol team is exposed again - they knew that Clay 's first album would go multi-platinum however useless it was , so have made no effort whatever.They clearly have no interest in developing Clay as a long-term artist . If they did , they 'd have given him some good material so people would come back for more the second time . Here in the UK , the first Pop Idol winner Will Young has just had a massive success with his second album - in part because his first one was actually good , and the public were not duped into buying a half-baked CD like this which is n't worth the plastic it 's packaged in . It will be interesting to see what Clay does next - if I were him , I 'd start writing my own songs . Whatever his talent , they could n't be any worse than the ones on * Measure of a Man * .
 All the songs sounded the same . Sappy twiny ballads . I heard he had a great voice yet heard nothing spectacular in this cd . I could just bought an all love song cd of various artists and gotten better satisfaction . I would not recommend this cd to anyone with musical taste and it will put you to sleep . Go back to the drawing board Clay and try again and maybe with some feeling and variety this time . I should have known it would blow considering how fast he put it out my dumb .
 Bought it and was a bit disappointed . I thinkthat Clay should stick to his own style andstop trying to be someone he 's not . The songsjust did n't do it for me.Certainly not the Clay Aiken that sold platinumwith his first CD . Wonder how that happened ??????? Spend your money of something worth while , butif you just got to have it , burn yourself acopy from a Clay fanatic who is sure to havea few extras on hand .
 I was impressed with Clay Aiken on American Idol . Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same about `` Measure of a Man . '' The material on this CD ranges from mediocre to downright embarassing.The first released single `` Invisible , '' for example , just comes off as slightly creepy . It sounds like a stalker singing about spying on a girl . I know that 's not the intent , but that 's the impression you get with lyrics like these
 Ok . I do n't like reality TV , but I hate premanufactured pop even more . This is exactly what this album is . The lyrics , the tunes , they 're all the same ! The only exceptions to the rule are `` Invisible '' and `` This Is The Night '' , which are the only two songs to break away from the montonous pattern of the rest . The other songs seemed to melt into each other , making for a great elevator or receptionists room music.That is not to say the entire album is crap . It 's saving graces are the two songs listed above , which I love enough to download bootleg copies . Other than that , the album is nothing to write home about.I feel pretty indifferent to both Idol contestants -LRB- the other being Ruben -RRB- , but I like Clay 's songs better than Ruben 's . Perhaps because Clay 's songs were original , and Ruben 's cover of Luther Vandross 's `` Superstar '' was not a superstar , no pun intended . I tried to stomach Ruben 's rendition of that song , but I just could n't , not after comparing it to Luther 's version . With that said , Clay 's album has an edge .
 I had waited for a long time for this CD to come out and I was really looking forward to buying it . I 'm no young kid -LRB- age 69 -RRB- and think he has a beautiful voice , however , I was so disappointed in `` Measure of a man '' ! I was hoping he would have some of the songs from `` Idol '' or at least popular songs that I had at least heard before . I still think he has the most beautiful voice that has come along in a long time , but I 'll tell you , before I buy his next CD , I 'll sure make sure to look at the selections of the songs before I buy it !! I think he should pick his own songs next time instead of letting other people !!!!
 Clay has an amazing voice ! and I voted for him on AI , but this album just does n't makes him justice , yeah this songs , well some of them have meanning and thats great but the beat and just the flow of the album is way too slow -LRB- and I love ballads and slow stuff also fast stuff -RRB- and this kind of pop music trying to be contemporary is just not for him , he is a true sing a true artist and he has an amazing beautiful voice , but this album is just not for him , maybe ` Invisible '' I think it 's the only one that kinda makes him jsutice but the rest no , sorry Clay I 'm sure you 'll make it huge with ur next album .
 Clay is ok but he 's no Fantasia or Ruben , and never will compare with them , sure his fan 's say he 's the true AI , but all I ask is where is his million dollar contract that they give to the winner 's , sure we all know about clays padded sell 's , -LRB- what else is new -RRB- but where is his industry nom , did they forget about him , it look 's that way , maybe one day his writers will write him some desent songs , that people other than his over zealious fan 's can say there ok , but that 's about all you can say about clay aiken 's music is it 's just ok , anything else would be a lie .
 I feel at this point I have to point out that I 've never seen a single episode of American Idol . Not one ... ever . That said , I have no point of reference at all for anything he may have done on the show . I 'm , in a way , forced to take ` Measure of a Man ' at its own merit.I have to say , that while Aiken does have a nice voice , words like `` manufactured '' and `` produced '' seem to keep coming to mind when I hear this CD . It just seemed to have no real flavor or personality to it.To illustrate my point , take Michael Jackson 's ` Billy Jean . ' Did Michael actually sit down and write the song himself ? No , he did n't , but he absolutely OWNED it . You could tell that he felt it , sang it , drank it , breathed it ... he MADE it HIS and you today could n't even picture anyone else doing it . I do n't get that impression with ANY of Aiken 's songs . He just does n't seem to inject any of the CD with any personality . I almost feel like someone is just handing him a sheet of music , kicking on a recorder and saying `` Sing this . `` Now this `` personal touch '' that I feel the album sorely lacked could have been caused by -LRB- or at least was n't helped by -RRB- lyrics that , I felt , were extremely bland . The same standard themes of Love and heartbreak are all over MOAM , along with several songs done in different genres -LRB- pop , contemporary Christian , country -RRB- guaranteeing maximum appeal to several demographics.I do n't want to sound too critical though . Most of my problem with MOAM seems to be in the way it was made . Aiken DOES have a really nice voice . Certainly -LRB- if nothing else -RRB- his sales will be high enough to warrant a second effort . Hopefully either he 'll relax a little his next time out and let his creative juices flow a little more or his record company will ease back the reigns they have on him a little and let more of ` who he is ' shine through .
 I fell in love with clay the first day he auditioned on AI . He is not only adorable he as a AWESOME voice !! girls are crazy over him !! and this CD is SOO GREAT !! IT 'S BEAUTIFUL !! I LOVE CLAY SOO MUCH and if u say that you ca n't stand him then why are you wasting time reviewing over him ?? JELOUSY !!!
 Let me start of by saying that Clay does have talent . His voice is powerful and his cherisma for singing is really good , but this c.d. is about to start collecting dust.For someone who didnt write any songs on the album and who didnt help produce the album , it came out fine . Unfortunately , the songs will grow on you . The songs all start to muffle into one , and it becomes confusing on which songs are which . Luckily the lyrics support where the music lacks.I know a lot of fans out there probably hate this review , but what is the point of gowing around rating everyone unhelpful if they give the c.d. a bad review . face it , the meterial is weak.If you are planning to buy this album , make sure you really like his singing and his talent . The album will show you thathe is a good pop icon , and that he will go far , if he sticks to what he has now . But , you will soon find that the songs will just become faded and not worth playing anymore in the end . I have to say though , its better than Kelly Clarksons album .
 Wow what a disappointment ! All the advance hype and Clay sure does n't deliver with this cd . No excitment , no wow knock me over ... . very bland . If he wants me to buy again he needs to really put some zip into it . This is The Night was on this cd and it was still the best maybe that 's why he made a single out of if . And only 12 tracks ... very very disappointing !
 I see why clay was ` nt nominated for a grammy , this cd is not grammy material , this cd is strickly for those who have bad taste in music , all though I think clay has a desent voice he need to get better writers for his music ... but I guess all that matters is his fan 's are happy , however Kelly , Ruben and now Fantasia there the real product , getting a million dollar contract is the icing on the cake , that 's how you can tell the winner 's from the losers .
 This cd is very disappointing ... His voice is not used to the fullest extent at all . He compromises his voice , it 's computerized , and his values on this cd .
 I hope I never EVER here this CD ever again . Remember Clay was the LOSER of American Idol .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is not my kind of music . I 've never been into pop , unless you count stuff from the 60 's , but I think this guy should n't be made fun of so much just because he seems gay . Our society really needs to grow up . Despite the fact that when I hear this stuff , I 'm growling inside , just because it is pretty lame -LRB- for me -RRB- , I would have to say that this guy does have a good voice . It 's a lot better , -LRB- vocally -RRB- , than all those unintelligent morons that scream into a microphone , and all those idiotic rappers that just talk against a beat . And most of all , it 's a lot better than someone like Britney Spears , who just dances . Now that 's lame . The lyrics are n't great , the songs are n't all that amazing , -LRB- it 's been done before -RRB- , but the guy 's got a good voice . I will give him that , and if you like this stuff , I understand , this is probably a good CD . Although , personally , I 've only heard about half a minute of one song to be enough for me . However , if you 're into rock , then I recommend these bands because the singer is good , and the music is awesome : ToolAlice in ChainsSystem of a DownA Perfect CircleNirvanaQueenPink FloydLed ZeppelinBlack SabbathThe Doors
 he might start rapping on his next cd and chances are you might hear him , ruben and pharrell do a joint together anyway clay 's an okay singer but ruben was better too bad they got rid of frenchie davis to quote funkadelic the girl is bad .
 With Clay 's over-the-top , bombastic vocal stylings and his elvish looks , the Pop Idol franchise plans to take over the world.Really people the album sucks , let 's face it . And may I offer a suggestion
 I know good music when I hear it and this debut by Clay Aiken is n't good music . Additionally , I read in these reviews that someone believes Clay is receiving 1 star ratings because of his Christian beliefs . Hello , he has a POP album and I had no idea he was a Christian and I think most people reviewing would n't associate Pop with being a Christian . If this is the case , should n't Mr. Aiken be singing for the Lord instead of Pop music ? Looks like Mr. Aiken is a sellout . I purchased the album based on his AI performance and all the 5 star reviews here and it is a let down , I feel totally defrauded by all this false hype that has been going on . Most of the five star reviews here are false , do n't believe them or you 'll be turned into a sucker as I was .
 Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man album is one of the worst cds that I have ever heard . Most of his lyrics he says are , `` Hey baby , please hook up with me because all I seem to attract are guys . '' I mean come on.Now I will write short reviews on some of the individual songs on the albumTRACK 8 - I SURVIVED YOU - While this song may have catchy music to it the lyrics are sort of weird . He proclaims that he never liked the hard sex that his ex-girlfriend gave him so that was the inspiration for this song.TRACK 10 - PERFECT DAY - Now this is the only song on the album that I think is O.K. . The lyrics on this song are excellent and executed in a `` swiftly manner '' . Clay says that the everyone in the world should just get out of their house and have fun , but the reason it 's just O.K. is because this track has sort of a country type big band influence -LRB- everybody knows big band music SUCKS ! -RRB- & TRACK 1 - INVISIBLE - Now this track is the worst song on the album because the video is stupid . Will all those people really jump up and act like gay idiots ? Now I know those skaterpunkrawk -LRB- with the funky ass tyed died hair -RRB- do n't love Clay Aiken because they listen to TRUE PUNK ROCK . So , simple things like that make the video unrealisticSo I 'd say each track isInvisible -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- I Will Carry You -LRB- 0.3 / 10 -RRB- The Way -LRB- 0.9 / 10 -RRB- When You Say You Love Me -LRB- 1.2 / 10 -RRB- No More Sad Songs -LRB- 0.0321334 / 10 -RRB- Run To Me -LRB- 1.234 + 0.23 / 10 -RRB- Shine -LRB- 00000/10 -RRB- I Survived You -LRB- 1/10 -RRB- This is the Night -LRB- 0.2345189 / 10 -RRB- Perfect Day -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- Measure Of A Man -LRB- 0/10 bad way to end the album -RRB- CLOSING STATEMENT - So overall this is a pretty pathetic album and we all know * NSYNC created this style so Clay has no credibility . But do n't fret , to get some better music I would recommend1 . Reuben Studdard 's SOULFUL -LRB- Truly the American idol . Reuben is 100 % soul . Anyone that is not racist will enjoy this one -RRB- 2 . Slipknot 's VOL . # 3 THE SUBLIMINAL VERSES -LRB- If you want something a lil ' bit new check this disc out because yes even a Slipknot album is WAY better then this piece of rhyno 's crap.From , David MarteraP.S . If someone can please give me 10 reasons on why this album is good please email at davemartera@lycos.com thank you !
 I thought the cd was lame !!! I ca n't wait for Ruben 's cd !
 First of all , to the reviewer below me who called him `` a true American idol '' -- no , he 's not . Even I know he lost , and I do n't even watch that show . Next , his song `` Invisible '' is one of the worst I 've ever heard . It should n't be `` If I WAS invisible '' ; it should be `` If I WERE invisible . '' Plus , if you were invisible , you 'd `` Watch me in my room ? '' Mommmmy !
 I ca n't believe the rave reviews this CD is getting ! I bought it because of the great things people are saying about it . I am terribly disappointed . This CD is not any good . The songs are `` bubble gum '' era , on most tracks the orchestration and backup singers are too loud and you ca n't hear Clay , the songs are not memorable and most of the words to the songs are really stupid . More importantly , they failed to listen to Simon 's critique of `` picking the right song for your voice . '' None of these songs are right for Clay . I ca n't believe Clive Davis produced this CD . Maybe I was expecting too much from a first CD , but my opinion is that this CD stinks . If you want a good CD , buy Bette Midler 's new CD or a Josh Groban CD . Immensely better and you wo n't be disappointed .
 If there was a way that i could give him less than 1 star , or even something in the negative numerical region , that would be it ... cause uhh , this cd is DOODOO ... why was it i could n't even listen to the first 5 seconds ? Umm ... he 's not the American Idol , give it up clay , your 15 seconds of fame is about to end ... and Ruben Ate you up with his cd ...
 i strongly recommend that anyone who ever considered purchasing this cd , spend your 15 bucks at arbys , because this cd is garbage . i used to love clay aiken , i even voted for him , but his ego is too large for my liking . this cd honestly would only appeal to deaf people , merely because they wouldnt be able to hear it . i almost fell asleep listening to it , every song is the same . maybe clay should consider flipping patties .
 Clay Aiken is at his absolute worst . If you 're going to spend hard earned $ on a CD do n't waste it on this one . You ca n't even dance to this garbage . Spend your bucks on `` Speakerboxxx/The Love Below '' by Outkast and you wo n't be disappointed . BTW ... Claymates , Clay belongs on Broadway !
 He just had to rush to beat Ruben to a street date , and boy can you tell it . You will be disappointed in these cookie cutter song choices . Clay can sing but I would rather have a cd of the songs he sang on the show , these are really bad . Believe an honest review and not a Clay-fanatic . There are three good songs on the cd -LRB- one being the Idol cd single This is The Night -RRB- . After doing every daytime show , morning show and Jay Leno , he should sell a million copies easy . Remember a million people saw Gigli too . Buyer beware
 WOW , this album is horrible !!! How can anyone with a fully functional brain buy this nonsense !!! This is contrived tripe targeted to people who do n't know any better . I ca n't believe this type of CRAP is what people call music these days . This is safe , middle of the road JUNK ! Music is going downhill and it 's because CRAP like this is what sells these days . Whatever happened to taking risks in music ? Not just pandering to people who are afraid of listening to music that actually challenges and provokes thought.Stop being braindead drones america and reject this manufactured sewage that american radio and record companies are trying to pass off as music . Awful just awful ... * gags *
 Rueben is waaaay better , this dude is all teeny-lolipop-bubblegum-fruity-cheesey music ... if you want some REAL talent , go cop Musiq - Soulstarradio or Rubens -LRB- whatever its called -RRB- ~ 1 ~
 Ulch , can we say `` boy band '' ? As much as I like Clay 's voice , I have to say the complete opposite for this CD . With cheesy titles like `` I Will Carry You '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' , this album screams `` teeny-bopper dream come true '' . I 've listened to each track a few times in hopes of maybe hearing something different and/or enjoyable , but no chance . 1 star .
 I have listened to it several times . Each time I read the reviews here people keep saying you need to listen to it over and over to like it . Well , I 've listened to it over and over and I now have a headache . This is n't music folks and it is a sad tone-deaf society who thinks this CD is good . I want my money back !!!! I am beginning to believe that multiple purchase campaign thing about this CD , I hope to God there are n't 838,000 fools out there . Hopefully only 100,000 people purchased multiples with only a few suckers -LRB- like me -RRB- in between .
 I find it almost amusing how people reviewing a CD are allowed to attack other reviewers who are giving an honest opinion of the cd , now here is mine.The majority of people who like this CD are Claymates . Mr. Aiken has a large internet fan base who are purchasing multiples to boost his sales and make the album appear to be great , however , they have to beg radio to play it . Here is a response from a radio station : QUOTE
 That 's right . With music like this he 's already forgotten . And to Mr. A music fan from Phila , Pa , Clay Aiken 's album was released at a time when there was no other competition . Hello !!! Noone good or really popular anyway is releasing albums at this time , so sure he 'll be # 1 . I 'd like to see him go up against Eminem , 50 Cent , Norah Jones , or even Britney will smoke him in sales and she ca n't even sing . So keep reading , Mr. Music Fan from Philly a.k.a `` Loser '' , those same two and only two magazines that like Clay . By the way , my radio stations does n't play crappy music like yours .
 I hate him . You do not understand . I know you 're going to rate my review as one star because you like this evil ferret . If you can manage to ignore his voice his songs are so boring ! And invisible just creeps me out . Maybe I listened to to the lyrics too closely ... but , really . Like this
 What a huge disappointment this album is ... I ca n't remember ever being this disappointed or let down by an album . During the AI competition I found Clay 's voice consistently remarkable and wonderful to listen to . His performance of Bridge Over Troubled Waters on the final show gave me goosebumps.Too bad Clive Davis and his `` music machine '' did n't recognize and understand the talent that Clay has , the genre of music he should be singing , and the millions of fans that would have bought that music . Instead , Davis and his cronies have done to Clay what they did to Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini , and will probably do to Ruben Studdard as well . They 've taken complete control of the artist , the packaging , the song writing , and the `` sound , '' and made Clay into another mediocre pop wannabe . All in the name of the almighty dollar.In this album , Davis and his pals opted for the type of formula pop drivel that makes gobs of money , but which has no redeeming musical value . They 've targeted the millions of screaming teeny-boppers who 've fallen in love with Clay and are willing to fork over their weekly allowance to buy this crap , and they have forgotten the rest of us . Why ? So they can make a quick buck on the poor unsuspecting rookie singer . Even if Clay protested the claptrap songs they were giving him for this album , I 'm sure nobody on the Davis team paid any attention to him . All they saw were the dollar signs.The music industry claims that Internet music sharing is ruining their business . Wrong ... . money grubbers like the producers of Measure of a Man are the ones who are ruining the music business . If you want people to buy your records , then make records that are worth buying . It 's that simple.Imagine how Clay must feel about this embarassing first effort . He knows he can sound better than the crap they had him record for this album , and he knows what his fans want . But he is probably drowning in the whirlwind of what has happened to him since the AI competition , and he probably feels totally at the mercy of the Clive Davis music machine . Clay probably felt that if he refused to record what Davis told him to sing that his career would have ended before it even began.What a shame ... . and shame on you Mr. Davis for disappointing the millions of Clay Aiken fans around the world.Take my advice ... if you are a fan of Clay 's voice , DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM . It is a total waste of money .
 Will the real Melanie C please stand up ? From athletic , hyper , popster , to cursing , loud , rock chick . Personally I find the new Melanie C to be annoying and way over the top . Not only is this song poorly written , but it 's poorly sung , poorly orchestrated , and just poor overall . C'mon now Melanie dont you think you could do a little better than this ?
 When you think of Spice Girls , you think of light and bouncy teeny-boppers . You do n't think of a punk rocker cursing in her music . Goin ' Down is a punk song -LRB- or noise if you 'd like -RRB- that basically describes her and getting her revenge . Ga Ga , well just look at the title , it sounds dumb , it is dumb . It 's a very skill-less song . Angel On My Shoulder on the other hand , is a light SPICE GIRLS like ballad . The melodic beat consists of two sounds ... and they 're on off beats . There is an interlude chorus , it 's kinda like a Nintendo like noise when you would win that first level of Mega Man , it then turns into a ballad again , kind of sounds like I Turn To You , off of her solo debut album . The song basically describes a hard time in Melanie 's life , where she looked to an angel , but she never found the angel . She knew though , the angel was n't far from her shoulder , and knew it was always with her everyday . I do n't suggest this Single , however , if you collect the ever-popular B-sides , I suggest this song . * I AM A Melanie C. FAN *
 Get a life Melanie C and I think you are better of with the Spice Girls where we can not hear your annoying voice !! And please stop being ARROGANT . A one star is really too much for it ! A minus five stars would be fair .
 I guess they will put out a greatest hits album for about anybody now . This `` supergroup '' put out 2 albums and really had only one big hit in `` High Enough '' . It is here and there are a few other good tracks , but nothing to write home about . This is the work that Tommy Shaw did after his first falling out with Dennis DeYoung and it has influenced him ever since . this band is a major reason why STYX is without DeYoung and the joke of the classic rock world today .
 I really wanted to like this CD - and I even bought it at retail to support Dez - but ... it 's rather unlistenable . Flat . Unmemorable . Rote . Why not just finally release his amazing MODERNAIRE track from Purple Rain ? After hearing that song back in ' 84 , I waited patiently for the Dez solo CD ... and waited and waited and waited ... this ai n't it .
 This is not the Triumvirat I grew up with . No original members . Disco at it 's worse . SUCKS !!!
 I really wanted to like this CD - and I even bought it at retail to support Dez - but ... it 's rather unlistenable . Flat . Unmemorable . Rote . Why not just finally release his amazing MODERNAIRE track from Purple Rain ? After hearing that song back in ' 84 , I waited patiently for the Dez solo CD ... and waited and waited and waited ... this ai n't it .
 These guys are in the same category as RPWL . Their music is decent , enteretaining - basically some good tunes . But some of the songs that are longer get boring because there is no new music introduced - they just keep repeating the basic tune . These guys certainly do n't come close to the masters of prog like Genesis , Marillion , Flower Kings , IQ , etc. . I would n't buy any more of their CD 's based on this one .
 21/2 Stagnant and stilted for the most part , the awkwardly translated prog-pop will appeal only to loyalists of the sub-genre .
 Average ... still nothing compared to Salmonella Dub they are the true legends of Dub .
 silkk pack it in . you ai n't shockin nobody these days .
 This cd should be burned . any record from no limit should be , they ca n't rap at all . if you want real rap , listen to talib kweli , chino xl , big L , mos def , etc. .
 I mean after 2 good hits I thought I 'd check dis out . Well just like every other bling , bling , pop rapper , the rest of the album just was n't worth it . I mean I hate it when rappers use nice songs as hits but make the rest of the album garbage , just to make sales . I like no limit but I do n't like this CD . I ca n't recomend this at all . Just pass on this , unless u r a die hard sillk fan .
 Silk please ... . you are destroying No Limit records . Master P is still allowing Silk to drop records and he wonders why No Limit lost all their respect a couple of years ago . My World My Way is a weak album . Making tracks with Tina ? Bad combination . A better combination would be Kelly Price and Kool Keith . Silk you have enough money dunn , stop destroying hiphop .
 I was never really a big Silkk the Shocker fan , but I had to apllaud him for his 2nd album Charge it 2 da Game . Unfortunately , after Made Man No Limit fell off . Silkk is quite simply a copycat . There is not a unique track on the album . The tracks seem to be copied from previous Cash Money albums . Silkk annoys me because sometimes he is trying to be a thug and on other occasions he is preaching nonviolence and doing boy-girl collabos . Which one is it Silkk?The only real rappers on No Lmit were C-Murder , Mac , and Soulja Slim . Unfortunately C-Murder and Mac are on lock down and Slim is no longer with No limit . You should hear Slim 's new album Years later a few months after . He said that he saw Silkk in a victoria 's secret catalogue ! P should give it up . He ca n't survive without Mac and C-Murder .
 Silkk might want to consider playing basketball if the continues to make CD 's like this . Charge it 2 da game was good , but this is hoorible . The only two tight rappers on No Limit were C-Murder and Mac and they are both locked up . I suppose having guest artists like Trina and Snoop Dogg would make the album better , it does make it better but they ca n't save it . There are a few decent tracks here . The track with Krazy and C-Murder was good , and the track with Trina was cool too . The problem is , Silkk ca n't rap . Maybe Soulja Slim will have to lead the label . P and Silkk are not doing too well .
 After seeing Silkk on 106 and park talking about how he had matured since Made Man , I thought this CD would be philosophical and superior to Made Man . I was wrong , this CD is commercial and offers nothing new . Master P has no creativity and ca n't rap . ... All in all this CD is quite average and has nothing new to offer . If you really like Silkk , get his first release The Shocker .
 whoever said this is silk 's best album because there are 20 songs is an absolute IDIOT . how the hell do you rate an album by the number of songs ? I 'll just have to assume that Silk is an moron and that 's why his fans are too .
 looks like master p and silkk should consider retiring once again . no limit 's best days are way behind them .
 The two stars are for the age of the artist and the effort and dedication to get this far , but medals do not a ` fiddler ' make , not in the traditional sense . The ` life ' of tradition , Cape Breton or Scottish , is missing here . There 's no ` lift ' , that spark of life that makes it ` dance music ' . Any such understanding is to my ears missing . For some clarity , ` lift ' has nothing to do with speed , in a sense it is what moves a dancer along , lifts the spirit and makes the foot tap . That did n't happen for us . The playing on this recording also lacks that scratch and cut that takes the airs closer to the voice and the heart . These are great melodies , but it takes understanding to breath life into them with the bow , to make them sing . Where 's the ` dirt ' that connects these traditions to the earth , to the roots ? It 's not here . Tradition is much more than just notes , even if played cleanly and sweetly . It is also more than B movie melodrama . In my ears , the heart is missing from her bow , her interpretations , and it is n't just a case of immaturity and lack of experience , as I 've heard it carried fully by others near this artist 's age , the MacIsaacs when young , Dave & Ashley , as just two of many possible examples . There is also a certain clumsiness sensed , where she seems to work the tunes roughly rather than finding agreement with them , and that conflict , along with what has previously been said , causes the music to plod . The accompaniment also does n't help , does n't seem to meet in agreement with the music or the young fiddler , lacks balance.With maturity and understanding there 's the possibility that young Rebecca will achieve those qualities , but a lot of work would be required , and the humility to realize that . My suspicion would be that other influences are in the way and would also need to be realized and worked past . As Cape Breton musicians appreciate , it is n't alive without the ` dirt ' that brings the music in direct contact with its roots ... That dirt and those roots are n't evident here ...
 Kirk Whalum is a fantastic saxophonist but this one is a disaster !! It does n't deserve a mention let alone a place in the collection of true Jazz lovers . Please do not judge Whalum by this CD . I 'd recommend ` Unconditional ' instead .
 Kirk Whalum is one of my favorites , but this CD jeopardizes his current releases . The recordings sound like they were performed in a garage , not a studio , and the background instruments sound digitally created like that from a Casio keyboard.Don ' t waste money on this one.His release `` Unconditional '' is incredible ! Spend your money there !
 Okay , okay laugh at me . What is a certified urban-dwelling boy who gets nervous when he can not see the bright lights of the city nearby , or the road is not macadam , doing reviewing some Podunk black and white television show featuring Red Foley , Brenda Lee and Rex Allen ? That bill of fare is not exacting The Rolling Stones , Bob Dylan , The Doors and a host of other musicians that I have reviewed in this space.Well let me say this first for all you `` effete '' snobs . Many years ago I used to listen to a radio program on Saturday mornings called `` Hillbilly At Harvard '' . That program featured many of the artists like Norman Blake , June Carter , Townes Van Zandt and a host of iconic figures in mountain music , outlaw country music , folk and other genres that are `` hip '' today . So to paraphrase an old clich&eacute; what is good enough for Harvard is good enough for this reviewer . Got it?Seriously , though , I picked up this DVD as part of the continuing string of reviews that I have been doing highlighting the mountain music traditions that are part of my heritage that I had previously scorned . However , like many things , not all `` mountain '' music and musicians are created equal . That , sadly , is the case here as the performances and chitchat of this country variety show format , for the most part , set my teeth on edge . There are two exceptions , one is the performance of a rapid fire traditional banjo player whose name I do not remember and the other is hearing Sonny James doing his 1950s teen hit classic , `` Young Love '' . Should you get this thing ? NO , except the old time commercials for Beechnut gum and Clorets for you breathe seemed really quaint against today ' s high-powered subliminally sex and power - driven attempts to interest you in some product . When I am mentioning the virtues of the commercials I think that tells the tale on this one.Note
 As mentioned by other reviewers , this DVD is just horrible to watch because of the absurd amount that the cameras cut away to another scene every few seconds . If you want to watch a guitar solo or anything else for that matter to absorb any details , forget it ! The editor -LRB- s -RRB- did n't do the Scorpions justice . The music is good , but since this is a DVD and not a CD , I 'm giving two stars for the spazoid video technique .
 I do n't understand why the editors needed to cut the best songs from the show . I also do n't understand why the felt the need to change the camera angle EVERY FIVE SECONDS . This makes for a decent cd , watching the video is hazardous to your brain . AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL .
 Just when I thought it could get any worse than Iron Maiden 's Rock in Rio or Dance of Death tour dvds , the Scorpions appeared to have hired the same camera , film and editing crew of those aforementioned releases . A great performance no doubt but the editing makes this unwatchable . Just an overpriced dvd to play when the tube is turned off .
 Be careful . Had to return . Did not play on my DVD player or computer . The back cover said NTSC Region 0 . However , the DVD said PAL Region 9 . I could see the picture , but there was no sound . Wait for the US version !!
 I listened to all the reviews I read and let me tell you they are written by fanatics . I love the Scorps . The Scorps used to rock . I wish I could return this concert video in little pieces . The sound is junk the music is limp and the vocals are done . Do n't waste you money on this video . Sorry Scorps . Your done ...
 This CD lacks effort . Only one or two decent tracks , the rest of the tracks leave a lot to be desired . A real downer .
 I HATE THIS ALBUM . ALL MODERN R&B ALBUMS SUCK . I HEARD THIS ALBUM AND I MADE MY HEAD BLEED . WHERE THE HELL ARE THE BALLADS CUZ THERE ARE NONE . WHAT THE GODAMN HELL WAS BRIAN MCKNIGHT THINKING . HE SHOULD STOP MAKING MUSIC GOD DAMNIT . DATS WHAT I HAVE TO SAY .
 while Brian Mcknight knows what His Zodiac Sign is & the Month He was born in , musically He is truly suffering from idenity Loss . somewhere between the early 80 's till early 90 's is where Mcknight is swimming in . while He is a Very talented vocalist , Multi Instrumentalist & songwriter it 's been quite a while since He has left a mark.on this set He ca n't make up his mind if He wants to Be R.kelly , Ronald Isley , Prince , & Others.as long as Brian Mcknight has Been around you would think He would n't still be trying to find His Own Musical Idenity but going by this Album he truly is spinning in Music Circles & no direction appears in sight . this Cat should be alot further in His Career than he is .
 I adore Brian McKnight - the man , his talent , his depth , his soul , his vulnerability , his honesty , his beauty . I could not wait for this album to drop ... I wrote it on my calendar and was in the store to get it right away . I put it in my car cd player and prepared myself for the best yet . Unfortunately , I did not get what I was so looking forward to.This album is lost . It has no focus , swinging from one side to the other for meaning and depth . At times , it is almost tuneless . For one of the greatest talents of our time , it is most certainly NOT one of his best efforts . But I also think it is really representative of what he is going through in his personal life right now . He is lost , he can not find the meaning , he himself is tuneless and colorless right now.After listening to the album , I felt sad for him , and I sincerely hope he works through his own personal grief . Embracing his saddest and angriest feelings would produce much better music than this attempt that feels like he 's trying too hard during a time in his life that he just can not make music.The only song that had any soul or meaning to it that sounded like the BMcK of old is the last one on the album . He still believes strongly in his faith and can sing with conviction about it . That excited me and gave me hope that he will pull through this depressive time .
 I just got the CD , browsed through the tracks in my car and can honestly say not one song sounded decent . I love his music and was waiting to get this one , but this has to be the worst album from him .
 I waited many months for this album to drop and when I finally bought it whenit came out I was very dissapointed ! I give it 2 stars to stand for the only 2 songs worth a second listen . What we do here is a decent song . Everytime you Go Away is an amazing song but does n't keep this album from sinking .
 I 've always loved Brian McKnight 's music . From `` Back at One '' to `` Still the One '' to `` One Last Cry '' and `` Anytime '' ... loved em all . If you 're hoping for anything remotely like those , you 'll wish you had n't spent the money . It 's such a shame that I have to not recommend this album , but it just does n't shine . I sense that he feels like he needs to get back to `` his roots '' by going more soulful , more slow hip-hoppy . And while he succeeds on those points , it 's just not gon na produce a top 10 single on regular top 40 radio . It sorta reminds me of later efforts from Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston where they stopped delivering the kinds of music their fans wanted and instead did their own thing . What a shame , and what a letdown .
 I have been in an insatiable mood lately for new progressive rock music buying CDs on a daily basis . I have uncovered some superb new bands such as Riverside , Abigail 's Ghost , Frost , Phideaux with the first two named bands being absolutely exceptional . I was encouraged by other reviews to try IQ and this album particularly as being an exceptional and representative example . I think what one reviewer said sums it all up . IQ have managed to be what they are because they simple outlasted everyone else . I was sorely disappointed with this album for its total lack of anything original and new . Musically its fine progressive rock but it is not original . Yes it is Genesis , come Marillion etc. but one thing it is not is anything like Seconds Out . Overall I found the album flat and uninspiring ... sorry .
 This cd , came in no good quality of sound . To much echo and its no good to linten to.Thanks .
 I have been fortunate enough to be present twice when Radu Lupu made audiences sit on the edge of their seats and you could hear a pin drop , except none did . The first time , he played the first seven Preludes from Book I by Debussy , and on Des pas sur la neige he suspended time , playing the last phrases so distantly and softly that they seemed to be echoes of another pianist somewhere else . The second time I heard him play Brahms ' Op. 118 klavierstucke with such poetry that the fifth movement elicited applause that interrupted the proceedings -LRB- seemed to greatly annoy him -RRB- , and he lingered over the last pedaled notes of the last movement so slowly and regretfully that you felt he really did n't want the piece to end . The penultimate chord hung in the air , and I mean * hung . * You could have gone out for pizza and come back and that chord still would have been there . Yet the music was not distorted . It was magical , and the audience kept calling him back for an encore , which he failed to provide . -LRB- I get the impression Mr. Lupu does not perform for audiences , nor care what moves them . He plays for himself , takes one bow , and walks off stage . See ya . -RRB- Unfortunately , none of that time-stopping magic -- that feeling I was hearing the ghost of Artur Schnabel only with a more colorful palette -- manifests itself in these recordings . The late Brahms piano works , among my favorite oeuvres in classical music , here get rather plodding treatments . The sonics are off -- to hear something truer to Lupu 's concert sound , listen to his recorded set of Schubert Impromptus , though even that 's not quite right . The phrasing is slow and cumbersome . The drama is missing , the music wanders off and sometimes becomes shapeless , or at least misshapen . Op. 118 should start off with a `` kick '' for example , and some of those beautiful autumnal colors that hint to us what is to come . Instead we have a rather straightforward reading that sounds like an earnest student playing the piece in a master class . The years of accumulated wisdom and sadness do not show here , nor in the following movement that , if played a certain way , can make me cry , dammit . Here I do n't feel a thing , and I want to.Likewise the other movements here do n't build as much as they stay static , at one emotional level . I do n't get enough of a story . He does n't make for me , in other words , a coherent picture of each piece from beginning to end . It 's more as though he 's reading the notes than living the story of the music . Likewise in the Third Sonata , where , like Richter , he plays the right notes but does n't get a shape out of it all for me . For this I find Anatol Ugorski 's recording absolutely revelatory , bursting with color and fire and yet with perfect control . Too bad it 's OOP.For the triple-digit solo piano works , I am amazed to say that one of the best all-around Op. 118s I 've ever heard is Stephen Kovacevich . Amazed because Kovacevich so often plays without a lot of color -- I find much of his Beethoven cycle rather pedestrian and without imagination . So it 's with true surprise that I report his klavierstucke readings contain plenty of emotion that never loses sight of the structures . For much of the other late works , Elisabeth Leonskaja does the job in beautiful sound , but her Op. 118 suffers from distended phrasing that saps much of the tension . Some people think Kempff is great in these works , but I do n't hear it . Pogo is fascinating in the ones he 's recorded , finding a darker Brahms rather than a wistful one . For a very MOR approach that 's still quite good , without might be called any quirks or eccentricities , Julius Katchen is a fine way to go , but they 'd really need a little more input from the interpreter before they 'd make it to my desert island , with so many other great recordings available.Dinorah Varsi does the two Rhapsodies , as well as Brahms ' Op. 76 , proud . Gould is the sound of one hand clapping -- all the notes of Brahms with no input I can discern from the performer . Interesting for a clinical look , it 's almost like consulting an urtext of a score , but it 's not what I 'm looking for every day . Glad I own it , though.Richter disappoints a bit with the sonatas -LRB- he seems okay until you 've heard Ugorski or Katchen -RRB- , but his three excepts from Opp . 118 and 119 performed in Leipzig in 1963 have some fascinating , unorthodox and outsized ideas . It 's amazing how he can get from thunderous chords to churchly pianissimos without ever appearing to shift gears -- why could n't he do this in the Decca CD of the sonatas ? Ernst Levy left us a tantalizing sample in an incomplete set -LRB- recorded live , but the recording equipment went awry and some of it was lost -RRB- , and what we have is a flaccid and technically-challenged reading of Op. 118 's first movement -LRB- with his titanic Liszt and Beethoven performances he must have had the chops , but was perhaps underrehearsed -RRB- , a very sentimental second movement , and an underpowered third movement.The piano concerto here has been bettered , well , all over . Gilels , Kovacevich -LRB- again ! -RRB- , Freire , Curzon , Backhaus , and even Ashkenazy all immediately come to mind for incisiveness , raw emotion -LRB- remember how revolutionary this work was in its day ; I do n't get a sense of that here -RRB- , and spontaneous fire that this performance needs . I ca n't see any reason for keeping this in my collection , and the short running time makes the third disc skimpy . I know Lupu can do better than most of what 's here because I 've heard him do it in concert . Maybe he needs the feedback of an audience , even though he seems to ignore us !
 DO N'T BUY ! NOT EVEN FOR A PENNY !! I 'm a # 1 No Doubt fan and this cd totally sucked !! I bought it because I thought I stumbled onto something rare . It has nothing to do with the band , just heresay and nothing at all interesting ! an english lady reads it and there 's no NO Doubt music at all . It was n't even written by no doubt and it contains no real info just when their albums came out and what label . I buy EVERYthing that 's no doubt and I would n't spend a dollar on it !!
 I did n't look carefully and did n't realize this was only the single ... a good live track of Hey Man Nice Shot but I had intended to get the whole album
 This is second rate remakes . You 've been warned
 I WAS LOOKING FOR THIS CD AT BORDERS YESTERDAY AND I COULD N'T FIND IT . I REMEMBERD IT BEING LIKE 22 DOLLORS OR SOMETHING . SO I BOUGHT THE 35 DOLLOR COMPLETE 2 DISK RECORDING . I AM SOOOOOOO GLAD I DID . THERE WERE SO MANY GOOD SONGS THAT WERE ON THE COMPLETE CD THAT THEY TOOK OUT FOR THE HIGHLIGHTS . IF YOU REALLY LIKE EVITA AND WOULD LIKE TO HEAR A GOOD RECORDING , GET THE COMPLETE ORIGINAL BROADWAY OR THE CONCEPT RECORDING . I WOULD N'T BUY THIS OR EVEN THE ORIGINAL LONDON CD . THEY 'RE JUST TOO SHORT .
 Not enough talent to put a full CD out . Ignorant lyrics - perfect for stompin the cow pies from the bottom of your cowboy boots . Same stupidity as the whole Redneck Woman schtik . Next thing will be bringing mullets back in style .
 This is generic half less than ok - half horrible - completely unforgetable - generic drudge - please get back with Survivor and make something someone in America would like ? or are you happy playing to tiny crowds in Europe - comeon ... lets get back together for some good music - not this sore missing any punch run of the mill yuk - Survivor could have rocked the sh . . out of the Real One - which is now being endless played on radio ...
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000XXDWVS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleShery try to project out your voice . You have about 4 good songs here and I really want you to do well . Keep up the good work ! - Elvis
 This is the kind of record that gives jazz a bad name . Russell Gunn , a young trumpeter of note , here offers a set of mostly bebop chestnuts supposedly given a fresh reading . Instead , what we get is esoteric , virtuoso , insider treatments . Yes , there are some stunning moments , yes , the fine assemblage of 20 - and 30-something jazzers play their butts off , but it generally comes across as cold and academic
 I have been pleased by all of the Jasmine catalogue of Crosby 's film hits , but this volume deviates from the others in one crucial respect . The songs included on this disc are , for the most part , not the studio recordings of the songs , but taken directly from the film soundtrack . The main problem with this is that the sound quality is dreadful on some tracks and in no case superior to the better-known -LRB- and superior -RRB- studio versions.A prime example is on the classic Bing track , `` Moonburn . '' The studio version of this song is an irrefutible masterpiece , with Bing bantering with his jazziest intonations . The version of `` Moonburn '' here is the movie cut and is dreary and deadly in comparison . There are countless other examples of inferior movie versions being included , as opposed to the better quality Decca standards.If you are a particular fan of the specialized movie versions of these songs , then by all means , this is your baby . But be forewarned about the poor sound quality here and know in advance that the Decca versions sound leagues better than the material included on these CD 's .
 They write good music . They play their instruments well . The can write crafty hooks . So blame it on the singer and the lyricist -LRB- my guess , same person -RRB- . The vocals are as weak as it 's content , which ranges from anywhere to wimpy subjects as being afraid to ride rollercoasters to things so dull and ordinary it makes you roll your eyes when you hear them . The closest comparisons to this band is Orange Peels . Never heard of them either ? Then imagine what Air Supply would sound like if they made an alternative album . The Lucksmiths could be a great a band if they did n't sing about such stupid things . ...
 This group bills it 's self as the original Key West the Band so I tried it out because I like that group.No contest!If I were Key West the Band I would sue for misrepresentation!I tried listening to this music but it was tough to make it all the way thru.Bad , clique lyrics and songs.The singer is good but ca n't make up for the horrible songs and grainy recording techniques.Maybe next time -- but I doubt it .
 THE WORST CD I 'VE EVER BOUGHT.I BOUGHT THIS CD BASED ON ALL OF THESE RAVING REVIEWS THAT YOU 'LL READ BELOW.I TRIED TO DOWNLOAD THE MP3 SAMPLES , BUT PROBLEMS WITH HARDWARE/SOFTWARE/AMAZON / AOL OR ALL OF THE ABOVE KEPT ME FROM FROM SAMPLING THIS PURCHASE.IT WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING.SOUNDS LIKE MY SONS GARAGE BAND TRYING TO PLAY BUFFETT SONGS .
 I bought this album just for one song , their cover of `` There Goes My Baby '' . The rest of the songs are okay .
 the first track is an edited version of ` Natural Blues ' , track 8 on play , and this version trims it down , and removes some of the bet parts of the song , it 's like taking the soul out of music . I did n't like how they edited that track . Track 2 , ` The Whispering Wind ' seems very sad , but it gets boring after a while , and the way moby edited his voice on that gets annoying after a while.Track 3 , ` Sick In The System ' seemed odd for this single , but the song in itself i enjoyed the most out of all of the tracks on this cd .
 I admit I did not read the back of this CD carefully . I happily bought it and popped it into the CD player anticipating the wonderful tunes I had heard throughout the movie . But my favorites were n't there . The most important missing item ? It 's Tough To Be A God as sung by the stars of the movie . Elton John 's duet with Randy Newman just is n't as much fun . It 's not a bad album really . I was just disappointed .
 Some of the other reviews are correct , this is a great Elton John record . But I didnt buy it to listen to Elton John , I bought it to get the music from the movie.I am very disappointed . While Elton John is indeed a good artist , that is not why I wanted this . The makers of this cd have cheated me and anyone else who is a fan of the movie . They have set this up as a soundtrack to get your money , but instead it is nothing more than an Elton John music.Which is why it only gets 1 star from me .
 What a lousy soundtrack for a suprisingly fun movie . Some of the actual score pieces are decent , but NONE of Elton 's songs on this album are worth even a brief listen . Save your money and buy `` Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '' or `` Madman Across the Water . ''
 From the OBJECTIVE reviewer ... more soundtrack pop full from Elton and whereas The Lion King is a 1 star album this is 2 stars because we have double the fluff .
 The king of Crocodile Rock lost his teeth 25 years ago but here he is - again ! - plugging away in geezer FM heaven . While old pharts may love the way John 's campy cream puff crooning fluffs up their Depends , kids will absolutely hate this flaccidly-themed soundtrack of paint-by-number sugar pop fizz and bombastic lik-a-stik storytelling . Incredibly , The Road to El Doh!rado is worse than Elt 's last Tim Rice collaboration AIDA , the 1999 multi-guest stinker currently being loaded in skeet machines around the world . Indeed , the only level this one works on is a cheap alternative for parents who want to sedate their hyperactive whippersnappers without having to shell out big bucks for a Ritalin prescription . Give it a rest Elton , for gawd 's sake .
 I give up . I ca n't take it anymore . It 's just the same old bit , over and over and over again . Disney wants to sell some new-age , sentimental , genderless , ahistorical fairy-tale ripoff and they have John come up with the sappy soundtrack so that he can parade himself around at benefit dinners for another year or so until the next Disney assignment . Please , for the sake of humanity , desist !
 Elton John had peaked as a songwriter in the mid 70 's and was even able to tweak out a decent hit every now and then throughout the 80 's and early 90 's . Today , Elton John 's music has become about as exciting to listen to as a trip to the shopping mall . His songwriting has become so formulistic and predictable that you can see him doing the Lion King Part X in about 20 years in a full blown Vegas style show . Elton is a legend whose status is much owed to the music he created more than 20 years ago . Today , it seems comical that this legend has become a comical parody of the `` I think I can still write a hit '' composer who seems to have an endless supply of the same ` adult -LRB- now Diseny -RRB- - contemporary ' melodies with variations on a theme of schmaltz .
 It is now June 5th and the cd has not arrived . Not happy . How do I get my money back ? I had planned to perform a musical freestyle on my horse for a huge charity fair with this music but had to change my plans and use another selection as it takes weeks to compose the choreography and practice the timing with the horse . .
 i was thinking that this was a cd where the music was taken from the movie , not all resung by elton john . the songs lost the flavor i was looking for . if you 're an elton john fan you probably would like it
 `` El Dorado '' fails on all levels . Truly , this is a CD to avoid . Elton 's fans should avoid it for the lackluster rhythms , simple chromatic melodies -LRB- if you can call them that -RRB- and banal Tim Rice lyrics and forced rhymes . Disney film fans - this is NOT Lion King of the Central American Jungle ! There is no grand opening melodic sweep like `` Circle of Light '' - instead you 've got the moronic repetition of `` El Dorado . '' There are no ballads like `` Can you hear the love '' - so there 's nothing to compare it to . And the comic songs is n't very clever , although `` It 's Tough to be a God '' comes close . One last comment , I could buy the Spanish rhythms - after all the main characters are Spanish - but where the hell did the country/western sound come into the picture at all ? Dreamworks , if you want to rival Disney , get Phil Collins to do your music next time .
 I purchased this soundtrack before I saw the movie -LRB- and being a big soundtrack fan probably would have purchased it afterwords as well -RRB- , unfortunately , the songs on the soundtrack are often _ nothing _ like what is in the movie . `` The trail we blaze '' in the movie is much more upbeat and has some kickin ' background riffs . On the soundtrack it is a much slower version with none of the great background effects . _ why _ ? Also , `` It 's tough to be a god '' in the movie is a _ very _ funny and good duet by brannah and kline -LRB- who does a marvelous impression of david hyde pierce :-RRB- -RRB- and on the cd its done by elton and newman , who are good , but it was just a letdown . all-in-all , its just a general letdown after seeing the movie . The instrumentals are well done -LRB- Zimmer is phenomenal at putting a sense of the native music into his work -RRB- I just wish there were more . If you like Elton John , then you should probably like this cd ... if you like the versions of songs that appear in movies , _ dont _ get this cd . : -RRB-
 I was disappointed to discover that this is not really a soundtrack from the movie . The only thing this CD has in common with the movie is the song titles . I would have preferred a combination of Elton John signing some of the tracks and the voice talents from the movie doing some of the others . This CD is more like Road to El Dorado set to elevator music . 2 thumbs down .
 Hello Champions , this IS NOT an OFFICIAL 2 Skinnee J 's Digital Download ! Support THE BAND by downloading it from the band 's official website webstore -LRB- 2SJ . com -RRB- where it 's available for LESS MONEY and in Hi-Res format ! - = AA/2SJ
 To those of you first hearing the j 's you might actually like this record . But to those of you who like the previous intelligent hip hop stylings of return of the new and improved , sing earthboy sing , and supermercado you might find yourself staring at your cd player thinking what is this ? I had a promo of this record last year before they switched labels and i did n't really like it back then but i figured when the new version comes out maybe it will be better . . sadly i was very let down . It 's almost like they are a completly new band . More alternative sugar ray/gimmicky radio songs instead of hip hop . I think the fact that they lost amays and andy action had something to do with it but i could be wrong . if your a j 's fan who knows you might like it . if this is your first time definatly pick up supermercado first
 MTL really screwd-up bigtime by issuing the same UPC number to their entire music catalog . Most Marketplace sellers on Amazon upload their product by UPC , so you can end up with any title from the MTL catalog . Before purchasing this title or any title from the MTL line , be sure to inquiry as to what the Marketplace seller is offering ! This will save you a ton of stress.As far as the album `` SOUL HITS , Vol 1 '' goes ... it is definitely worth having and is chocked full of classic soul jams we all love . It is definitely a great addition to any collection ... if you can find it!Good Luck !
 With 100s of unreleased tapes in the archives all Universal can do is re-hash old stuff again and againThe CDs are classic Allmans but why a box set ???
 There is only one song on this CD worth listening to . Do not buy CD . I was very disappointed in this CD .
 all the songs in my opinion are very cheesey . I only like the first song . the rest ... are all CHEEZY !
 all the songs in my opinion are very cheesey . I only like the first song . the rest ... are all CHEEZY !
 I just heard this CD my friend was going crazy over the guy on Worship Christ . She says that she saw them perform this some years ago and he was awesome -LRB- better than Kirk , Deitrick etc -RRB- She says he was doing all the Michael Jackson and daincing stuff but in a unique way before all of them . I admit Worship Christ is awesome his flow is off the meter . I also like New direction the title song but the flow is weak and sounds like a bootleg gangsta rapper trying to be church . I do n't know who the guy is but he is wet . I know it is church but I am not really into church . But Worship christ made me wan na get more into church music . If anybody knows who that guy is or if he has more music out let me know . His name isnt on the CD but I think they call him Mr Kas or Cash or something like that .
 I just want to know how I pulled this up when I clicked on a cutting board to & quot ; view details & quot ; on a bridal registry ??? This is n't the first time this has happened !!
 In an effort to tide fans over while they decide what the hell their next move will be -- if in fact there is a next move -- Destiny 's Child have taken it upon themselves to release this remix album . What a disappointment . While their previous two studio records showed occasional flashes of musical and vocal greatness , this album sets them back miles , catering to every beats-to-the-wall formula that is saturating radio airwaves and in the process rendering nearly every song a futile exercise in staccato riffs and loud , obnoxious drum programming . Only on the Maurice Joshua remix of ` So Good ' does the music show any signs of joy and life . And the Michelle Williams track tacked on at the end only further strengthens what many have always believed -- both Williams and Kelly Rowland would do wise to leave the singing to Beyonce Knowles and continue in their roles as highly paid background vocalists -- nuff said .
 How sad is it that this CD was released . A supposed `` Hiatus '' yes . They just released this to cash in on their fans , and so no one will forget them . How can we when they are shoved in our faces at every possible moment , even when they are supposedly taking a break ! So until they decide what they want from their careers , they will still manage to be a cash cow for their fans . Elsewhere , these remixes are far from anything good . Just another sad piece of plastic which is n't worth the time of day ... Why do n't they just take time off , I mean really take time off , and come back with something that is a good album ? After SURVIVOR , I have no hopes for this disapointing group which was once good . This only adds to my disapointment .
 oh my god this has to be the stupidest remix cd i have ever heard it sucks they cant sing for nothing the beat i is mess up oh my god please pepole dont buy this cd
 I bought this CD because I love Destiny 's Child but this is a tired selection of so called remixes .
 It used to be that when artists released a new album , they released a NEW album . Now we get live albums , useless Holiday recordings , and shoddily-made remix releases . This album falls into the third category , and as far as remix albums go , the results are catastrophic . Predictible hip-hop remixes of singles we 've heard a zillion times before abound , while the FEW house mixes are as flat as soda left at room temperature for hours . Listen , nobody says you ca n't do a remix album , but give the listeners some variety and a groove . I actually like Destiny 's Child , but after `` The Writing 's on the Wall , '' their music is getting more and more vanilla . Should you feel the urge to get this CD , just say `` no , no , no . ''
 I expected this album to have NEW remixes but I felt like I was listening to the Love : Destiny CD -LRB- a special remix CD DC , put out for target . -RRB- We 've all heard , Say my name mix , Jumpin jumpin ' , bug a boo and some others , the only ones i lke are Nasty Girl , ID2 , and Dot , which are new remixesI liked Michelle 's song . She a an ok voice , I was happy not to hear Beyonce wailing on the track . I still think this could have had ALL new remixes and I would have given more stars .
 This is a marketing gimmick to get the hard earned dollars out of a music lovers pocket . None of the remixes made the song any better , in my opinion . And the glaring horrible `` Dot '' with its caustic tone and scathing chorus that informs people who do n't like Beyonce to `` Shut Up ! '' In addition , the verse contains the self-pitying line `` Just blame it on B-E-Y-O-N-C-E . '' Making it difficult for the listener to empathise with her at all.The tender `` Emotions '' suffered most of all from Beyonce 's over the top singing and the funkifying it went through to be called a remix . What was wrong with the original ? That is an Excellent song!In closing , pass this one over ! You 're not missing anything !
 I was a fan of Destiny 's Child when the original girls were in the group . `` No , No , No '' was a hot song when it came . They were fresh young group with a different sound . `` Writings on the Wall '' made them a little more mainstream , but that was their best CD . Then the contraversy began , they were changing members like someone changing underwear . `` survivor '' was ok . This remix is one of the worst remix/greatest hits product on the market . Everyone has heard most of them on here . This is something that had to have been thrown together at the last minute . I 'm not saying that they are talented . They can better than some vocalists out there , but Beyonce ' overdoes it sometimes . We have been forced fed these ladies for the past year . Take some time off because you 've `` worked '' so hard to get where you are . To add the DC3 drama , the latest rumor is Beyonce ' and Kelly really are `` sisters '' . It has been said that Matthew Knowles is Kelly 's biological father .
 I bought this CD in hopes that some of Destiny 's Child 's songs would get a better beat or become more interesting for dancing . What I got was a horrible butchering of `` Emotion , '' a never-ending `` Bootylicious , '' a `` Say My Name '' mix anyone would be more than happy to do without and mixes of songs that were n't very good the first time around - several were n't even singles ! -LRB- Dot , Nasty Girl , So Good -RRB- To make that sound better , they throw in Independent Women Pt . II , which is taken directly from `` Survivor , '' and hawk a song from Michelle Williams ' upcoming solo debut -LRB- Heart to Your , Apr. 16 -RRB- . It 's sad when the best song on a group 's mix CD is one from the member going solo.I would not recommend this CD at all , if you like Destiny 's Child , get Survivor or Writing 's on the Wall . If you 're looking for good new R&B check out Ashanti instead .
 This is a great band let down by odd noise reduction . The filtering keeps flipping on and off in the middle of songs making it hard to enjoy the music . There are much better ways to present historical material . Very disappointing !!
 This is very odd . In 1998 Garth Brooks had success when he put out a box set with a similiar theme . However for some artists that kind of treatment does n't work and it falls flat . I like Toby Keith but this box set is just a way for a record company to make money buy repackaging three CD 's -LRB- None of which are any good or have any worth -RRB- and make an extra buck . It 's just sad .
 When I bought this box set , I expected to recieve compact discs that were fully remastered with 24 Bit Technology . Instead , they sound exactly like the original discs I already have . While you may find several top quality country hits in this set , the sound quality is n't up to snuff for today 's standards . So now I 'm stuck with doubles of everything and out thrity bucks .
 Although the CD 's themselves are in fair condition the box in which the set came in is terrible , seperating from its backing the plastic tray which holds the CD 's could have at least been re-affixed to the card ?
 well , it 's kind of hippy , hoppy , someone learned to play the slide , and i suppose there are some beats on it , but man , it sure is a great big disappointment -- this music is not challenging or interesting or even all that different . if you just want something that will go in the background or maybe while you 're chemically enhanced , this will do as well as a doors record or something else , but it is not worth any hype at all . it 's like low rent version of Arnold or maybe Gomez . they obviously think that they are very cool though . Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... hubris ...
 This review is for people possibly looking into the Beta Band because of their single on the High Fidelity soundtrack . Drying the Rain is a great song , but unfortunately the formula that makes it a great song does not carry over to the rest of the album . It really is just a bunch of noise . Main stream music fans should pass this up and stick to the soundtrack . Trust Me .
 This CD is n't bad if you like repetitive lyrical phrases without meaning , looping samples , speech that repeats and says nothing -LRB- like `` pushin ' out '' over and over and over and over again -RRB- . I can perceive some talent somewhere in here , but this group is making music CDs that mostly lack music . Where 's the music?Some songs start , seem to have potential to develop into something , and then do n't . Now , having said all that , there are a few worthwhile cuts , a couple that are quite good . So ultimately , if you like to have more music than incoherent mixes of various sounds , then you have simply to decide whether or not you 're willing to pay $ 3 or $ 4 a cut.I 'll admit
 this is one of the worse band and album ive ever heard in my life . this stupid ambitious but pretentious album shows no signs of songwriting . even the open-minded people will be forced to close their minds to keep this trash out . The only group who 's better off with this kind of brit-wants-to-be-american-music , is Gomez . So listen to them instead ! this guys -LRB- Beta Band -RRB- are losers . what a waste of space .
 The first time I heard this song , I would easily have given it 4 stars . Great music , decent vocals ... in fact , I enjoyed it a great deal . The second time I heard this song , I thought , `` Hmm ... this sounds awfully familiar for some reason , but I 'm not sure why . '' The third time I played this song , I played `` Caribou '' by the Pixies immediately afterward and figured out where I had heard it before.This song is basically a melange of Pixies songs , primarily `` Caribou , '' grafted together and repackaged under this band 's name . That said , there is nothing remotely innovative or even creative to be found here . Yes , it 's a nice song , but it 's basically been done already , and it 's been done infinitely better.Please , I beg of you
 DO NOT BUY THIS CD ! DO NOT BE FOOLED ! This CD is not by NSYNC . It is by some no name cover band . I got taken once before by Amazon with a Ricky Martin single . I could n't return it since I had opened it . So if you are looking for the CD single Bye Bye Bye , do n't get this one . You will be dissapointed and stuck with a CD that is worthless and unreturnable once you open it . I got lucky and thought the cover of this one looked suspicious and was right . I promptly returned it . So always be careful and double check .
 Anyone else think it 's hilarious that they have this imaginary group nu stylz ? I mean , it 's nsync , everyone can tell -LRB- right ? -RRB- . Well , about this CD , I would n't reccomend it . If you 're an nsync fan you HAVE all these songs . Although it is only five bucks , so if you like these songs but do n't have their album it 's worth it . Hope it helps . Do n't you think it 's weird though , nu stylz , nsync ... weird .
 i got ta admit , i liked nelly back in '99 wit country grammarbut he went commercialgrillz iz da wackest beat i eva heardbut niggaz love itand paul wall needs 2 get his pussy poppedcuz he makin it even harder 4 white boyz 2 make it bigthanks 2 him itz gon na be harder cuz when i send my demo 2 somebody dey gon be all like `` he prolly like paul wall '' comparin me 2 dat bitchwell daz my review ~ 1 ~
 mayne how can yawll listen to diz man ? nelly is one of da weakest/wackest nikkaz in da game period . i 'm not gone lie grillz was str8 only because paul wall and big gipp was in it but otha than that nelly is a `` TRL '' rapper and needs to retire
 Damn i hate all theese courney rappers , especially Nelly.Suit sold better than Sweat , but there were only 2 videosfor suit , one of them were over and over that video did n't getthat many plays.Why did n't he just do that last year ... Dummy.And that new single , Grils that song sucks the beat is lamethe video sucks , and nelly 's trying to bring the jewell and platinum thing back to rap.When every boby know 's that `` Bling Bling '' is played out , Nelly had nothing but a fake grill and gay parts , anybody who likes Nelly is a square . If you already got sweat and suit you do n't need this record . if you just want the song Grills or the hits of both albums than it 's for you , but i do n't see the point in all this southern rap crap.If you are fed up with rap now a dayz than listen to punk , alternative rock.And if you want good videos , watch fuse , IMF ` smtv2 , not that mtv pop or BET crap .
 holy crap once again this faggot NElly comes out with a horrible album , omg dont get this , paul wall song is whack , the only good song to listen to is Nasty Girl . Nelly is still whack and always will be , listen to true rappers like NWA , Nas , Eminem , Dre , not these bubble gum rappers like Mike Jones , slim thug etc.Seems to me like hip hop is getting worse and worse every year , where the days where people would talk about important things rather then cars and girls.This nelly guy collaborated with NSync WTF !! and Tim Mcgraw also WTF ! XTINA , Fat Joe , Lil Flip all horrible people and yet he does it . I dont think he cares about what his fans think , wish he wouldve stuck with something like Country Grammer only thing but this CD is just horrible dont get it ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Sweat and Suit were two of the absolute worst albums of last year . Sadly , both of those disasters are being re-packaged and released again . Everything on here is just terrible . `` Grillz '' is also one of the worst songs I 've ever heard all year . It figures that only Nelly would make a stupid song about his diamond teeth . It also figures he 'd make a song with that horrible H-Town rapper Paul Wall . I blame Nelly for the state of hip hop today . He also created hip-pop which is one of the worst music genres ever created . Hell Cash Money and G-Unit make better club songs than this idiot . One of the year 's absolute worst albums .
 Nelly sucks , we all know that 's a fact . I 'm glad the legendary KRS-ONE pulled his b!tch card , Nelly 's feelings got hurt when he heard one of the pioneers tell him that he sucks . If nelly was a fat guy with a gheri curl he would n't sell any albums , since he 's a fair-skinned , muscle bound tool , he sells . He seems to model himself after LL Cool J , who also sucks and had 1 good song his whole career . Do n't encourage artists like Nelly by purchasing their records , it only insults the hip-hop community , which you probably would never understand if you 're listening to this crap .
 Nelly is garbage . Which explains why this album , now combined , did n't do anything on the charts . Even when they came out the first time , he only sold about 3 or 4 million combined . Nobody is feeling him anymore . Maybe the women will still buy his stuff but I doubt it . He is officially wack . Do n't buy this .
 When Nelly released `` Sweat '' and `` Suit '' about a year ago , it was met with unpleasant reviews and sales . But , somehow , `` Suit '' tended to sell more than what `` Sweat '' could afford . So , to make the wrongs right again , Nelly felt that it was possible to rerelease the album and just make `` one '' whole album . Well , it is a little too late for that . 14 songs made the cut from both albums , which include `` Over and Over '' , `` My Place '' , `` Heart of a Champion '' , and `` Na-na-na '' . Along with these songs , are three brand new songs , including the hit single `` Grillz '' with Paul Wall , Big Gipp & Ali of St. Lunatics . However , even with these songs , it does not help with what has been damage already . This seems more as a `` Greatest Hits '' between the two albums . So , if you are debating which two albums to buy , either `` Sweat '' or `` Suit '' , just buy this cd . But , if your expecting something new and exciting with this album , you will probably be disappointed .
 Nelly 's Sweat Suit -LRB- Universal -RRB- is the latest double Hip-Hop CD -LRB- technically -RRB- to drop since 2Pac 's monumental All Eyes On Me started the trend . With few exceptions , most notably Outkast 's Speakerboxxx/The Love Below , the dual disc format in popular music has served no purpose , other than to break the pockets of prepubescent idol worshippers with substantial disposable income . In a new market where savvy consumers can legally preview and download only the songs they like via services such as the itunes Music Store and Napster , Hip-Hop fans are no longer forced to buy an album , let alone two . Double albums are a tough sell . But with nearly every song on this 24-track album boasting at least one well-known guest artist , Nelly is poised to join the platinum-plus double disc club.Not to be outdone by Outkast 's genre-bending double solo project , Sweat and Suit are being marketed as two separate Nelly albums ; Sweat as the fast and dirty album for the clubs and Suit as the laid-back R&B ; joint . Sweat starts off with `` Heart of a Champion '' using a beat interpolated from `` Roundball '' , a song better known as the theme song from the NBA Playoffs . The brief moment of nostalgia induced by the familiar melody is hampered when Nelly 's meager lyrical prowess is exposed with uninspired lines like `` I 've been dogfightin , scratchin and clawin on every height / Tryin to make you remember me like you Remember the Titans '' . However , his many shortcomings as an artist can be overlooked on tracks like the Neptunes produced `` Flap Your Wings '' . It 's one of those guilty pleasures where the relentless rhythm and contagious hook displaces the need for content . The shameless use of the `` panting on the hook '' technique and the frequent recitation of Martin Lawrence 's line `` sweat drippin ' all over your booody '' did n't hurt either.The `` Oh No He Did n't '' moment on the Suit album goes to `` Over and Over '' , a song for the `` sensitive thugs '' featuring country music singer Tim McGraw . In the years since LL Cool J 's timeless classic `` I Need Love '' , the rap ballad has taken many twists and turns . This one is a turn for the worst . The track sounds like co-producers Jayson Bridges and James Hargrove hit the demo button on their Casio . With Nelly and McGraw crooning throughout the four minute track , the song sounds like it should be on American Idol rather than a rap album . An unexpected highpoint to this otherwise bland offering is `` River Do n't Runn '' a dubbed out departure from Nelly 's typical club friendly sing along formula . With a fairly decent impersonation of a culture riddim , invigorated by Stephen Marley from the legendary first family of reggae , `` River '' works moderately well and is one of the best tracks on the album.A notable tidbit is the absence of `` Tip Drill '' a song that received vehement protest from women at Spelman College who were appalled by its semi-pornographic video featuring Nelly swiping a credit card down the crack of a video chick 's ample posterior . But scrapping the controversial song does n't save Sweat or Suit from its monotonous regurgitation of sex and excess . Although Nelly fans will not be disappointed , the album sounds like a hastily thrown together Top 40 compilation . Nelly lacks the charisma necessary to sustain a double CD . There is undoubtedly some material that will invigorate dance floors and have urban radio on lock for months to come , but Nelly 's banal , assembly-line approach to creating music makes the overall listening experience of Sweat and Suit bland and forgettable .
 the only reason that this gets 2 stars is because of the people champ 's -LRB- paul wall -RRB- line `` call me george foreman cuz im sellin everybody grillz '' other than that this cd sucks
 It 's artist like Nelly that ruion good rap called gangsta rap bringing it pop sounding ... So if your like a 13 year girl or a elementary boy then you might like this cd ... Im tire of this pop rap bring back the 90 's sound the g funk beats with the synthnsiezer sounds and gutter rap talk ... I would say 90 % of rap sucks nowdays every onces in a while a few hardcore rappers that havent switch there sound bring us some good material like brotha lynch hung or spice 1 or even the dayton family so I hope this help yall stay away unless you like crap rap ...
 first this was 2 separate cd 's a good way for nelly to make money since nelly ca n't come up with new song ideas he decided to put the best songs on both albums and combine them and call it sweatsuit boy nelly you sure are a jackass for doing this good matrketing skills every song on here sucks just like sweat and suit did nelly fell off after country grammar he lost his edge doing songs with pisstina aguilera and even tim mcgraw 's weak ass you gon na do country keep it hood idiot .
 Grrr ! Grrr ! Yo tis is wat hommies who bought the full 2 albums feel ya . So cheated ya . 4 new songs ... . an ' we hav ' 2 buy the new album for only 4 songs ! Yo I wan na scream !
 if you like commerical Pop Oriented Hip-Hop then Nelly is your Man . He understands Commerical appeal & has songs that work well on that level.Personally I might like a couple of His tracks for a whole career thus far , but I understand the catchyness.He is a trip as a Artist : On one Hand he has that Will Smith , Hammer vibe , but He has those content songs which shows that Nelly has a Puffy Meets Luke Campbell.believe it or not Nelly has offended quite a few folks.His Humor is a trip sometimes . I ai n't no Hater & I respect His Hustle.I give Him dap because I saw the VHI Rap Honors Legends & He did a Heckuava take on LL COOL J 's `` I 'm Bad '' . so dude has some Skills , but more often than not he gets caught up in some novelty type of form of song making which is Hit & alot of miss most of the time.on the real the Duets He does work as well.He does n't sound out of place with Jaheim , Tim Mcgraw & Ronald Isley.the Cat is doing something right because He has been in the game almost a decade.I ai n't feeling his stuff for the most part like that , but I can see a Cat who has a winning formula that ca n't be faded .
 The only good song is Grillz , Nelly strait up bombed on the sweitsuit cds plain and simple . Nelly sells to female fans period . He needs to get some country grammar action again . Paul Wall , ALi and Gipp saved that song Grillz .
 From a white alpha male : I concur with the others who do n't like this release from Nelly . I like much of his earlier stuff , solo & with the talented St. Lunatics crew ... I love STL!Nelly buddy Murphy Lee 's Law 2003 album is Jammin all the way !! ... has not one crappy tune.Maybe Nelly should retire from rap , just be cool , open a restaurant or strip club , manage & direct new female R&B ; groups ... or start a funky jazz outfit , ala Brand New Heavies or Incognito .
 Listening to this album is just like putting on the thickest sweatsuit you can find and going for a really long run in africa . Dehydrated and dying rapidly . Nelly helps with this dehydration of hip hop by constantly creating infantile BS songs . I am sick of this monotonous , commercial , ignorant so called `` hip hop '' . When will the zombies and sheep get tired of hearing the same song over and over and over again ? Avoid this rehash of Sweat and suit as if it is a newly found strand of AIDS . Shakespeare ?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?! WTF !!!!!!!!! LOL ... if shakespeare wrote his plays like nelly writes his lyrics , the masses would 've first stoned him to the point of death and then burned him at the stake .
 he really should of just released a 2pc dvd + cd combo . 1 dvd-audio disc with a 5.1 surround sound mix of both the original full sweat & suit albums on that 1 dvd disc , along with the 4 new tracks -LRB- a dvd-audio disc can hold 2 albums in 5.1 & stereo -RRB- , and also on the dvd disc he should of added the videos for
 I love this opera and I want to use it for my English classes here in South Korea . I ordered the DVD of the historic 1955 telecast . Of course , I knew it was B & W . What I did n't know was the sound was n't clear and many of the lyrics indistinguishable . Sometimes the music was too loud . The limitations of the stage , after viewing so many natural settings on TV of the past 60 + made many things stilted . I suppose that I should have expected these `` problems '' . Nevertheless , I suggest that you re-master this production and give it the visual and audio clarity it deserves.Thank you !
 Sadly , the quality of the recording is so very degraded that it was almost unbearable.I had wanted to share this with my grand kids , I remember watching myself so long ago ... they were less than impressed due to the grainy and distractingly scratchy images.The performances were amazing but this is almost like watching something shot by a video cam pointed at an old b & w ; television . I hope that somewhere there is a better copy but pass on this one.Thank goodness I have the audio CD!This is going back !!!
 It was one of the worst dvd 's that I have seen . The sound was not synchronized with the video , the picture quality was poor . I was very disappointed with the people that transferred it over from VHS . I returned it and was credited . This particular dvd should never have been offered for sale ...
 I love the music of this old Christmas piece , full of memories . I 've listened to it on records and CDs for years , but I wanted the visual effect of the opera , which I have seen onstage , live . This is a film of the original production ; , uesbut sadly , the 1955 TV production values are a disappointment . I expected black-and-white , but the total effect is so much inferior to , say , a 1955 motion-picture film . That said , the voices are splendid !
 The video version I ordered was not what I thought I was going to receive . I bought one to view and one to give as a gift . It was very dark with distorted characters and a great disappointment . It was hard to see at times and very unacceptable . In conscience I could n't keep the one for me nor could I give the other as gift . That is why I returned both copies for a refund . Why do you not create a more modern colored version of Ahmal and the Night Visitors for a DVD?Thank you for reading my thoughts on this subject .
 Sometimes being `` original '' is n't necessarily better . Now do n't get me wrong ... I love this opera and grew up watching it on tv as did many reviewers . . But I 'm not wasting my money on a black and white early tv video . What I am hoping for is a DVD of the wonderful video filmed on location in Israel with Theresa Stratas as the mother . I saw this the first time on PBS circa 1979 , and was able to find a video tape produced by VAI . However it is time for a release of that performance on DVD . If I want to hear the original cast , I have the cd of that performance .
 The Quality is tenth rate , this DVD is almost unwatchable and the audio sucks .
 Sheena Easton is a terrible mistake in the history of the music industry . How did this woman ever get signed ? Do n't buy this CD , it 's gross . 80s pop is a bad genre of music . This whole CD is a bad example of that bad genre.First of all , it 's 15 songs . 15 songs is cool if the singer is good . But Sheena is BAD . This CD is 15 songs of torture and regret -- regret of ever putting the CD in your CD player . Her voice is weak . The songs are very upbeat and poppy , but with her voice , they sound weird . She 's not good at pop . And she 's even worse at ballads . She 's just bad at everything . She 's a total Madonna wannabe.Please , please , PLEASE do n't purchase this CD . It 's a waste of your money . Buy something good ! NOT Sheena Easton !
 i was really dissapointed when i bought this album . The first time i heard bones was live when i was 15 at the `` Wave '' in Staten island the kid sent me into a trance . He is the master of beats and welcomed me to the scene.I havent stopped dancing yet.To expierance bones dont purchase this album see him live at his best or check out technolo-g or houseloop.Frankie bones is known for the boom boom and he will without a doublt , keep you thumpin !!!
 I found this album very monotonous and disappointing . I am an avid fan of Jazz-Funk Jambands , but this album , no matter how many times I hear it , just is n't that good . Most of the songs drone on one groove , go into space and lack inspired playing . The one high point of the record is SMB , which is really cool , I 'll admit . If you 're looking to expand your collection beyond Galactic and The Greyboy Allstars , I 'd recommend checking out OO Soul , Sugarman 3 , Mofro , Corduroy or some John Scofield first .
 If you 've recently been to Hawaii and you are looking for the music by 10 feet , this is NOT the band . This one is horrible and it only has three terrible songs on it . Not recommended .
 It is simply not worth wasting your money even on songs of the sixties so fine as these , since the sound qualities of this disc are so poor as to completely ruin the listening experience . I used to have this on vinyl lp and should have kept it . The sound was great back then . The CD is nothing but scratches and hisses . Disgraceful .
 Suprised with all the positive reviews for this album , since this is one of Too Short 's weaker albums . There are a few enjoyable tracks here , but nothing to write home about . `` Shorty the Pimp '' and `` Get in where you fit in '' are so much stronger , that this I wouldnt bother with this one .
 I was living in England when it first came out and I thought it was pretty fun and catchy and fit in well with my surroundings . But the unimaginative beats , rote guitar solos and Liam 's incessant whine started to grate after the while . `` Slide Away '' is still an excellent tune , but the rest ... blah .
 what the hell is this . 5 loosers from enlgand trying to copy the beatles . i mean even there fans are so stuipid . i read one review which one of the oasis fans criticized thebeatles for being a rip off of OASIS . hello dude the beatles were 1963 and oasis is 1994 . that should be enough to skip this album and get hte better of these clones THE BEATLES.r.i.P . JOHN LENNON , GEORGE HARRISONTHEY MUST BE TURNING IN THERE GRAVES
 In the mid ninties in the absence of really huge rock bands like Zeppelin or Floyd I looked for the band that was going to hit the charts and rid them of pop garbage . And for awhile MTV fooled me into thinking Oasis was this band . After all the music was catchy -LRB- and I still think so -RRB- with sing along choruses . But even bad songs can be catchy and stick in your head . Yes , I had this album then , despite Liam 's irritating voice and accent and Noel 's 10th rate guitar `` skills '' and song writing . And I can do without layers of multi tracked guitars that only idiots think sound good . If you think this is good production I do n't know just what to say . Live forever and Supersonic are good -LRB- I 'd rather hear it performed by someone else -RRB- but even then the songs here does n't make it a classic album . Shame on those musically uninformed people that voted this best British album ever . 20,000 th place is more accurate.Edit
 Oasis ' debut album `` Definitely Maybe '' is a fair start into the pop world , using symbolism , metaphors , guitar crunch and Lennon-esque high pitched vocals . `` Live Forever '' , the breakout tune , gets annoying at times and the rest of the album gets lost . Oasis sounds like a Beatles cover band doing the lost songs of the late great John Lennon . Fair .
 On the basis of critical raves for this album , I bought it to see what all the fuss was about for Oasis . I came away surprised that this album garnered such rave reviews . This is basically 60 's plagiarism combined with a snotty Johnny Rotten attitude , complete with sneering , nasally whining by the lead singer . This gets pretty old fast . Yes , I know Oasis has exploded in popularity since this first album . Yes , I know the critics seem to love them . Sorry , not very impressed . Oh , and by the way , the band members are shamefully cocky , insufferable JERKS !
 This is an obscenely derivative album which basically amounts to some not very talented people revamping Mrs Gallagher 's record collection and passing it off as their own . If only they 'd been American , maybe someone would have called the lawyers and done away with this formulaic , monotone drivel.I would suggest you go back to the search box and look up the original artists instead - T Rex , The New Seekers and , of course , The Beatles . Also recommended is R.E.M.s ` The Wake-Up Bomb ' which derides them nicely .
 It is now official
 Loved `` whats the story . . '' so recently 4/05 got this CD . I cant believe its the same band . DM is boring and whiny and I can hardly listen to it all the way through . `` whats the story . . '' is so much more inspired and less nasaly . Im glad I didnt hear it first or I never would have gotten the 2nd one . Music isnt that good either
 This has to be their most overrated album . `` Live Forever '' however is a song that must not be ignored . It is probably one of Oasis 's best songs to date . `` Slide Away '' and `` Married with Children '' are decent but are far from amazing . I suggest to just buy the single .
 THE LP DEFINITELY MAYBE , AND ITS EVIDENT SUCCESS , IS A SYMBOL OF THE CULTURE OF MEDIOCRITY WHICH ENSWATHES BRITISH CULTURE . IT IS BUT ONE EXAMPLE OF THE FALL OF THE UNITED KINGDOM FROM GREATNESS TO LAUGHING STOCK .
 what the hell is it with americans ? why cant they like GOOD music ? > this band is awful , theres only one good song on this and that 's the anthemic live forever , which is about the closest they got to a decent tune . every other song is idiotic , bash you over the head with a repeated riff rock that should n't ever be compared to the beatles EVER . the gallagher brothers are crap , in their attitude , their look and their songs . this is crappp . morning glory is a good album i admit , and that will be the only reason people care about them , , , , accept and move on
 Get some Muddy Waters . Get some Howlin ' Wolf . Get some Hound Dog Taylor . Avoid these charlatans like the plague .
 After I saw these guys on Conan O ' Brien ... I could not help to think `` What a rip off ... these guys are trying to be this new `` raw simple rock '' so many bands -LRB- White Stripes , The Strokes -RRB- are doing . This just affirms the whole belief about the time we live in
 Obviously these guys have invested heavily into the North Mississippi hill country blues of R.L. , Junior Kimbrough et al , via the Fat Possum catalog . Although it is mildly entertaining , why spend your filthy lucre on the imitation stuff when you can have the real deal ? Search out the real innovators of this sound , they 've been doing it a lot longer -LRB- and better -RRB- with more soul and authenticity than the boys from Akron .
 i heard this cd while hanging out in some cd stores in boulder colorado . over their system it sounded great ... kind of a stripped down j.s.blues explosion . i then had several long days of driving to get into it . the more i listened , the less i liked it . now , several months later it never makes it out of my stack of 1500 cds . in fact , i am thinking of moving it to the ever rotating pile of cds to trade . i guarantee that most of you will never listen to this cd more than a year from now ... there just is n't enough there to hold one 's attention . white guys doing stripped down blues is nothing new or radical or interesting . listen to the originals -LRB- hooker , guy , waters , harpo , wells , rev.gary davis , hopkins , wolf ... -RRB- ... they are much more interesting . If white blues is what you crave , search out peter green -LRB- hot foot powder -RRB- or go for the funkier js blues explosion -LRB- completely unlike the other artists i mention above -RRB- .
 Why is it every album up for review on AMZN has a 4 + feedback level ? It 's an anomaly of our era I guess . Which makes it all the tougher to discern the true artistic gems from the abundance of turds shat by the corporate oligarchy . These guys have litle to say and it shows . The rifts are half-assed catchy and that is the extent of their offering . Damn , the mediocrity that is heralded as the 2nd coming of Jesus is becoming quite tiring !
 The beginning of this band 's demiss came with the last album New World Messiah , while it still had a bit of energy left , the production made if fall flat and sound very much the same , weak and flat . The song structures were tight , but the band sounded if it was slowing down , becoming bored with it self , well the same holds true with Grand Illusion . The production is a bit better -LRB- still not up to par with SL and Afterlife -RRB- , but the songs are just plain straight forward and boring , some may start out stong but then disapate themselves with the chorus . I must point out that chrous 's use to be the bands strong point , now it has fallen by the way side . The guitar playing is very mediocre by comparison to say Shadowland , were every solo was incredibley technical and well thought out . The solo 's on this album are pretty much just as boring as the songs themselves . Also the drum work even on the last album was much better than on this , he sounds as if his left foot has fallen off basically playing staight ahead no double bass style playing . I was highly disappointed and expecting more from this band , while it doesnt stink to high heavens like Metallica n't , it is without a doubt there weakest effort yet . Powerless Metal : -LRB-
 I bought this thinking it was a band with free jazz reed man , Peter Brotzmann . I was surprised that only two pieces feature him and the rest are Scandinavian polkas . This is the strangest thing . A polka after Brotzmann is enough to jar you for a long time.I returned mine for a refund .
 I am a huge Jazzinho fan . After hearing the fabulous `` Moody Maria '' on background music at a hotel -LRB- Hotel One Taichung Taiwan -RRB- , I spent the better part of three months tracking down the song name and artist , Jazzinho . The Jazzinho album is one of most hippest jazz albums in existence . Infectious grooves , interesting electronics and vocal effects . Guida sounds so good and frankly sexy , she is fantastic ! and the horn work is incredibly tasteful -LRB- with the phasing that is top notch -RRB- . So , it 's hard to understand the direction of Atlas . If Ed Motta wanted to ruin Jazzinho he certainly took a good stab at it . The mix was completely dry and way too forward . Guida 's vocals sounded like there was n't even reverb added . All the electronics gone -LRB- except track 13 -RRB- . Infectious grooves ? Never a chance , too dry , choppy music . No ear candy . Sounded like a live lounge act . Very _ poorly _ produced . I ca n't say that enough . Ed Motta please go away and give us back Jazzinho.With the exception of track 13 , I 'd say pass on this CD , and it 's with alot of regret . I bought this to support Guida , but only out of pure loyalty to the first album and in hopes of a second . Again , get RID OF ED MOTTA !!!!!!
 I 'm clueless as to what happened with Jazzinho 's second album . I loved their first album . I waited months for this second album . I felt the songs were uninspired , and the arrangements odd.I hate writing this review , but this album was not my favorite . I did n't even like `` The Lagoon Monster '' which was one of the singles they released from this album . Very disappointed .
 Like the previous two reviews , this album is a big disappointment . The problem is the very brilliant first album set our expectations so high and this second release has failed miserably.The previous album was produced totally differently and herein lies part of the problem . Gone are Chris Franck and the brilliant Michele Chiavarini -LRB- check out Nova Fronteira -RRB- and now replaced with the multi-talented and amazing Ed Motta.If you have heard any of Ed 's self-produced albums you will know he is a genius , but he is only part of the problem here . I say so because who made the decision to ditch Chris and Michele ? I would assume Guida did . Also , Guida wrote all the songs along with co-writers . If you know Ed Motta 's music the production style is no real surprise , but the biggest factors must be the weak material and the biggest factor for me is that I can not enjoy Guida 's voice on the second album . The first album was amazing the second album has a lot of wailing which is the only way I can describe it which forces me to turn the volume down or hit the skip button . So I put the problems squarely at Guida 's door.The music does sound amateurish at times - it just does not work . Certain tracks are almost unbearable . I am a huge fan , so I am looking for the third album for redemption , but for now give this one a skip !
 I was very disappointed in the CD Shout Praise
 This is the cd you definately should n't purchase ! This cd is only a copy of the best-seller ` das boot ' from the movie . the only new about this song is the singing from the female part of the group , and some new samples , everything else is just a copy.the song is supposed to get u 96 back on the map again , but they are only falling between two chairs with this one . stay away from this one!I am a fan of the group and I was truly disappointed about the total-concept .
 Oasis dogged it on this album ... . Be Here Now and Dya Know What I Mean are the only 2 songs on here that do n't drive you mad . It 's still a fun album to own for like a month , but after that it will collect dust . I do n't know what it is about Oasis , but their songs just tire very easily , unlike the songs of say , U2 . Anyway I 'm sure the next album will be great again . Yeah Yeah Yeah .
 They are sold out but made a loooooong album ... . Has anybody listened to the full CD without pulling the `` stop `` buttom of your CD player ???
 If you like good music do n't waste 12 bucks . May the record stand , I did n't want this CD . My Sister bought it for me . Their anoying voices and pathetic melodies are , well , annoying and pathetic . No good will come of buying this . Spend your money on a good CD like EVERCLEAR or FASTBALL .
 i could hardly stand to listen to this cd for more than five minutes ... it was so depressing and all the songs practically sounded the same ... get What 's the story morning glory ... it rocks
 I am a Oasis fan and to be honest Be Here Now is n't very good . The only good songs are d'you know what i mean , magic pie , stand by me and all around the world -LCB- which is too long -RCB- . Its no where near as good as the others and is n't worth the money
 This album is the perfect example of what can happen when a band achieves too much success too early.Definitely Maybe had a raw feeling of authenticity because the Gallaghers were hungry . They wanted the rock and roll stardom more than anyone else at the time and they deservedly received it . No matter what Noel claims , there is no way they could forecast their surpassing of their heroes , The Stone Roses , in not only taking their countrymen 's votes , but also winning over the mainstream in America.With Morning Glory , Noel delivered the ballads , and MTV came calling . While the `` Supersonic '' clip was more exciting in terms of attitude , there was a thrill to seeing the same girls who would now request the Backstreet Boys calling in for `` Wonderwall '' and `` Champagne Supernova . '' Did either song really improve on `` Live Forever ? '' Probably not , but the switch to acoustics translated into more airplay . Rock and roll fans could still get their power from the underappreciated `` Some Might Say , '' possibly the strongest Oasis rocker in the canon.Too much too soon . The third record , Be Here Now , never hits the high points . The rockers lack the intensity and the credibility of Definitely Maybe and the ballads are practically identical in structure to Morning Glory 's . The lack of freshness is dehabilitating . `` It 's Getting Better Man '' offers some hope , but is this band done?With the demise of Oasis popularity , what are we left with ? Mariah , Brittany , the Backstreet Boys , Ricky Martin , Jennifer Lopez , Kid Rock , LimpBizkit , do I have to continue?The answer is simple
 There have been many comparisons of Oasis to the Beatles , often by the band itself ; but Noel Gallagher can not draw the distinction between inspiration and imitation . On their first two albums , they got away with mere imitation just because they came up with some pretty infectious melodies . But on this album , the melodies are n't even there . They 've fallen victim to their own hype and have created a monster . For God 's sake , do not buy this album . `` All Around the World '' is the best song , although like the rest of the album , someone should have turned off the studio tape halfway through the band 's performance . Way too long and tedious . And if Noel is one of the richest musicians in England , ca n't he afford some cleaner production ?
 When Oasis is good , they have catchy lyrics and well thought out arrangements.But when they 're bad , they sound annoyingly loud and rushed.This cd shares a bit of each.With good tracks like D'You Know What I Mean , All Around the World , and Do n't Go Away , you wonder how they made the crappy My Big Mouth , I Hope I Think I Know , etc.If you liked Whats the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- chances are you will not like this album .
 Yeah , Oasis defined a period with Wonderwall , and yeah they had a few good tunes on the first two albums . But have n't you all noticed you can play Wonderwall and Live Forever directly over all of these tracks ? I give'em 2 for being consistent .
 A big disappointment after Morning Glory.Some tracks are engrossing but the rest is a lack effort .
 this is a poor attempt at a follow up to morning glory . I would n't say its terrible , but I would n't buy it again if given the choice , which is a shame really , because their first two were quite good
 Oasis achieved phenomenal success with the release of their 1995 album '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory , '' but then followed the unfortunate trend of having their next album suffer . Still , `` Be Here Now '' has its moments . The best song on here is obviously `` All Around the World '' . It 's long , pretentious , and has a stunning music video to go along with it ; it 's reminiscent of the Guns N ' Roses ' song `` November Rain '' . The album also houses `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt , '' which is the nasaliest of any song Liam 's sung before or since . The rest of the album is mostly just OK , making this a major disappointment given the brilliance of their last album . Oasis completists will want this album ; everybody else would be wise to just buy `` All Around the World '' as a single and leave it at that .
 I waited , and waited , and waited for this highly anticapated album last August . It finally came on August 26th and that anticapation turned into dissapointment . Do n't get me wrong , I tried real hard to like this album . I listened to it over and over again , hoping I could will it to be another `` What 's the Story Morning Glory ? '' . But , the story was Be Here Now was n't here at all . I do n't know if was just me , but the music on this album seemed , uh , forced . The music , the lyrics , the album seemed forced . It seems like these guys where trying way too hard to be like that great band from England in the past , come on we know who they are . But , the truth is Oasis was no where near that level with this album . It seemed more like a cheap imitation of fine quality prouduct . It seemed kind of thrown together and the music and lyrics seemed repetitive . Well , it just was n't a good album . We all know the potenial of these guys ; Morning glory was great album . But , the question is , can these guys get there act together and stop bickering put out some good albums like Morning Glory ? I do n't know . I guess only time will tell . But , if they continue putting albums together like this one it does n't look hopeful .
 Listening to What 's the Story Morning Glory , you could still believe that , magically , Oasis had somehow channeled a bit of the Sixties soul . There was , somehow , a sense of mystery and fun in the production . But now they give us overlong B-sides without emotion , sense or creativity . Only `` D'you know what I mean '' and `` Do n't Go Away '' have some quality . Everything else was a dissapointment . Right now , Oasis are just one step away from becoming some stupid band like Guns and Roses . So you better spend your money buying a real , perfectly produced , inventive and meaningful rock album and near-masterpiece like OK Computer . Also you can buy something really sincere , from a band that really speaks to you and cares for its fans
 Was having a tough day when ordering this . Music from teenage years . These were songs I liked back in the day . However , compared to most of the other music I have or listen to , Oasis is a downer . If I can get past the depressing quality of the music , it 's fine.Find different , less depressing music .
 Picture it . Your first album knocked everyone off their feet . Your second album propelled you to superstardom , and before you knew it the country was swaying drunkenly to your music . I suppose anyone would get ahead of themselves . And Oasis , with this third , somewhat regretted album from the Boys from Burnage , did.On the plus side , each song is n't bad on it 's own . I could easily listen to My Big Mouth on it 's tod , or Fade In/Out singled out . But in succession , these laughably overlong wannabe-epics feel ludicrous and out of place.The thing about epics is that they should be on their own , after a succession of sweeter , shorter songs . I mean Champagne Supernova sat at the end of ... Morning Glory , proving the perfect , calm yet dizzying end to an almost stupidly popular album . But an album of Champagne Supernovas would just be silly ... and here it is.When it 's good , however , it 's very good . D'You Know What I Mean is fantastic ... perhaps the album 's second only song that probably deserves it 's length . It 's like a slower , slightly downbeat Morning Glory . The other is All Around the World . Yeah I know , 9 minutes is a joke ... but it 's uplifting . Like the album , only it rarely lulls and ends with a beautiful coda that I personally prefer to Hey Jude.One odd thing is that the singles are good , but the rest feels like filler . Although I consider The Girl In The Dirty Shirt and Fade In/Out excellent , in comparison to the powerful Do n't Go Away and cheery Stand By Me , they look like jumped up B-sides . So the album comes to seem like a collection of rather substandard songs stretched to stupid length . And Magic Pie comes as the token-song-I-hate . For ... Morning Glory it was Hey Now . Here it 's Magic Pie . Long , dull , no discernable message ... it 's just Noel rambling , knowing what he 's talking about and not caring if we 're clueless . Even so , it 's Liam 's favourite of the album . I guess it just bores me.There 's still quality here . The title track is good , and It 's Getting ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- is wonderfully fresh after All Around the World . But the album desperately needs to have been more sensible , more contained . Oasis need to remember that although good , and now infamous , they 're not Gods . And that no-one short of some infinitely patient monk living in a mountain would have patience to sit through 70 minutes of overblown B-Side-esque material . Easily their weakest album .
 I want to start out by stating the fact , I love Oasis . Be Here Now is a major disappointment from this sometimes brilliant band.Hype is what drove this band into the spotlight . When you have everbodys attention , you HAVE to perform well.What 's The Story Morning Glory was released and it seemed anyone with a good trained ear for pure pop music was licking their chops.Then this yawn of an album was released and it seemed to take a lot of the air out of Oasis ' balloon . Believe me , it 's not a BAD album , it 's just ... boring . Nothing jumps out at you making you want more . A lot of these songs sound like leftovers from other albums.I think that if this album actually kicked some butt , and had the catchy tunes like the ones on `` Morning Glory '' , Oasis would be # 1 . -LRB- not touring and sharing a bill with the Black Crows -RRB- . I love you guys , you pump out some great tunes , but this is rubbish simply put .
 I do n't have to hear only new music all the time , but I must say that Oasis ' `` Be Here Now '' is one album I 'd just as soon forget forever . If `` What 's the Story Morning Glory '' defined and popularized Brit-pop , `` Be Here Now '' sounded its death knell ! I will admit that the sound is much like older Oasis recordings , but that 's just the problem . It 's TOO much like the older stuff and sounds suspiciously like the Gallaghers were in a hurry to turn out something - anything - a.s.a.p. . What makes this album so bad is that it was hyped SO much , which left this Oasis fan with a sharp sense of being taken for a ride . Oasis may be the most popular British band , but they are n't the best . Much British talent goes unnoticed overseas -LRB- i.e. Silver Sun , the Dandys , Shed Seven , Catatonia , Northern Uproar -RRB- , and that 's a shame ! Save your money for something more original than `` Be Here Now . ''
 `` Be Here Now '' does have its moments -LRB- `` D'You Know What I Mean '' , `` My Big Mouth '' , `` Stand By Me '' , and `` Do n't Go Away '' -RRB- along with a few lesser tracks -LRB- `` All Around The World '' and `` It 's Getting Better Man '' -RRB- and a true dog -LRB- `` Magic Pie '' -RRB- , but it 's just another example of what happens when you 're worth $ 40,000,000 , the cocaine supply is never-ending -LRB- Noel Gallagher has admitted this and stopped using -RRB- , and you ask how long a CD is -LRB- 74 minutes -RRB- and you say , `` Well , let 's fill the < expletive > up '' . The production is awful . Knobs-up , full stop . Layers and layers of squalling guitars . All hints of subtleness are gone except for the end part of `` Do n't Go Away '' . The band still rocks out , but the sound is harsh.I almost gave it three stars because of the decent songs on here , but I 've got to deduct one star for the `` Phil Spector with hearing damage '' style of production . Sorry guys . Find a better producer next time out .
 This album is horrible . It is nothing but a poorly written , poorly sung series of mediocre pop tunes that neither have a shred of originality or intellegence . It is also loud , noisy , and totally unlistenable.What I really hate is when groups use studio noise like feedback and screeching on their records . They use plenty of that here . The songs are also totally meaningless , having none of the depth and style that a lot of British bands are famous for . Liam Gallagher , hailed as a god by Oasis fans , is a mediocre vocalist at the best of times , his voice is terribly whiny and annoying . Noel is the better singer , but not by much.Musically , there is nothing outstanding here . The Beatles influence is obvious , but these guys have none of the talent that The Beatles had . The Beatles knew how to make good music and to write good songs , Oasis just think they can . At around 75 minutes , this album is 50 minutes longer than it needed to be . If you hear one song on this album , you 've heard them all.The first two Oasis albums were great , my question is
 I 'm never a nasty person , and I know that on his day Noel Gallagher writes not just classic songs like Cigarettes and Alcohol but whole albums of them like Definitely Maybe . But PLEASE ! This was so mind-numbingly awful that by the time I got to the eighth track I wanted to -LRB- JOKING !!!! -RRB- get that guitar and WRAP IT ROUND HIS NECK ! It was that bad . Even the stand-out tracks Stand By Me and Be Here Now are pitiful copies of their earlier songs like Married With Children and Shakermaker . The rest - well ... do you really fancy hearing `` Wonderwall '' twelve times every time you put the album on?If there had been a category lower than one star it would have more accurately described my reaction to this album .
 Brand Here NowThe older pop gets , the more constrained to age groups its appeal becomes . Young people have own youth cultures just like we had -LRB- and still do -RRB- had ours . Perhaps this explains why you 'd have to put me in a straitjacket and tie to a chair t o m ake me listen to Be Here Now again . For me it is unfathomable how a record as substanceless as Be Here Now can have such a broad appeal . I thought Definitely Maybe had some punky appeal and real attitiude but the bigger Oasis became , the hollower the i r mu sic sounded . Be Here Now is the sound of a band that could do what they wanted - Carte Blanche - and what do they choose to do ? They become 1967-era Beatles Mk . II . Paul McCartney once said how sad he was about all these bands trying so hard to sound like the Beatles . Surely the point is to try and accomplish something new and exciting -LRB- like Beck , Tortoise , Labradford and Jim O'Rourke -RRB- . The songwriting-by-numbers approach of Noel Gallagher sometimes comes up trumps , but how a whole generation can embrace this as one of the best albums of all time is indicative of one of two things
 The songs in this album are quite boring , only a few good ones . I would n't recommend it , get their previous albums instead ...
 Oasis had a formula . They liked it . It produced two very well-received albums for them , the first of which was good and the second of which perfected the formula and was wonderful . Then , of course the dilemma arrives . What to do next ? And Oasis , somewhat understandably , opted to try and replicate the formula.Now this is never a good idea . Oasis , because of their arrogant swagger , northern attitude and brash rock music , while being an excellent band , were always balanced precariously closely to dropping into self-parody . While they avoid this , they 're wonderful . When they do , the result is bad . That is the story of Be Here Now . An attempt to replicate previous success drops into self-parody . The lyrics , rather than being wonderfully obvious representations of the young working class generation , seemed forced in their attitude . This was probably because Oasis were less naive , and not technically working class anymore , meaning they needed to evolve , something they delayed until the following album , when their reputation was already destroyed.You see , Be Here Now must be viewed as the album that destroyed Oasis ' reputation . Whilst most British people still like some Oasis anthems from the first two albums , their public image went from brilliant rock idols to soggy Northerners making copycat , soggy songs . Which was a shame , especially considering that it marred the public reception of the next , and considerably better , album , Standing on the Shoulders of Giants.D ` You Know What I Mean is a perfect example of their attempt to replicated themselves . Firstly , the title is a forced , working-class phrase to try and establish themselves as your mate down your local . Secondly , some of the lyrics are worryingly similar to those of ` Do n't Look Back In Anger ' . ` Look into the wall of my mind 's eye , I think I know but I do n't know why ' says D'You Know What I Mean . ` Slip inside the eye of your mind , do n't you know you mind find a better place to be ' said Do n't Look Back In Anger.There are , however , a couple of good tracks . Do n't Go Away is a welcome change from the Sour Mash , an emotional ballad . Also , Stand By Me is the only genuinely great anthem on the album , where as the others are trying to be that way.You can understand how Oasis got into the situation they did , and on reflection it seems somewhat inevitable that they would someday make a Be Here Now . At least it forced change on them for the next album , showing them that they could n't make the same music over and over again .
 what 's wrong with `` Be Here Now '' ? in short , it 's too longnearly every song is two , three , four minutes longer than it needs to bealso many people may have difficulty relating to the theme of egomania that runs through many of the songsor perhaps it 's just that the album lacks balancenot enough variation from the grandios , lumbering anthems that make up the majority of the materialthere is nothing as bouncy as `` She 's Electric '' , as fast and cheerful as `` Up In The Sky '' , or fast and angry `` Bring it On Down `` not enough pace to counterpoint the `` Supersonic '' - style balladry
 What was it Noel Gallagher said , The third album is the real test for any band , Well Oasis failed big time . Dont get me wrong I rank Oasis as a truly great band and rate Noel Gallagher as a genuis but anyone even the most die hard fan can surely see that this album has deviated sorley from the winning formula they had and just does not sound like an Oasis album , Gone are the killer riffs and loud , brash feel of Definetly Maybe , Gone are the distinctive acoustic strumming and piercing vocals of Morning glory , What you have got here is an album that contains some good songs which have just been way over produced take D'you know what I mean , how many guitar layers are there , I remember listening to it and waiting for a distictive loud riff such as Supersonics solo or Live Forever 's but instead you can barely make anything out of the wall of noise which drowns out any solos or drumming or even to a degree Liam 's singing . That said there are a couple of good songs like , I Hope I Think I Know which could have been taken straight off of Definetly Maybe . But the simple fact is that it was maybe arrogance on the part of Noel Gallagher which made him think people would listen to an eigth minute pop song with songs as weak as these , Its all very well trying to progress your music and create a new sound but lets just hope that Oasis in the next album go to back to there garage with some amps and guitars and make some raw , brash loud music like they used to .
 This is Oasis at there worst ... This album is just too horrid , Bad lyrics , boring songs , same sounds , nothing new . Amazing that a talaented Noel Gallager would make an album like this . This a ; bum i sjust to overplayed and it is also plagued with too much solos . There are solos , and too much solos . Noel over does it on the solos . The guitar playing is not that good in this album , it has no stand-out tracks , and needs more unique , not mainstream . Oasis ' new album lacks everything there past albums had .
 This album is a bloated , boring mess . The songs are overlong and overloud -- they remind me more of Meatloaf than anything else . I ca n't believe this is the same band that created the brilliant '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory '' ... Avoid this ridiculous album at all costs .
 hmmm ... just think ... Noel , a brilliant man , maKING A CD that is just crap . What happened !!!!! I ca n't believe it ... over played solos ... awful lryics !!!!! Just when you think they could make another brilliant album , they make a crappy album . Haaa ... just think ... 4 yrs ago Blur was being called the has beens because Oasis brokoe the US but blur did not . Well ... who are the has beens now ??? Well Oasis ... all I cam say is RETIRE !!!! Geesh , for Beatle wan na bees , I would expect better .
 ... no matter who would 've recorded it . the fact that its oasis makes it worse . however heinous & arrogant noel gallagher and the other apes were about how they saved rock and roll etc. , the thing that saved them from being nothing but self inflated clods is that noel 's songs generally lived up to the hype . not here , laddie . this is a collection of weak material , lyrically & musically . noel tries to cover up that fact with dense overdubbing & general noodling , which makes it sound like pointless soloing in search of a song . the ballads are obvious , sappy , and poorly written -LRB- ex
 When I heard the Morning Glory I was expecting a great third album but ... No ! . This album shows no evolution in the music of Oasis and is like they want to sound the same in every song . The tracks are boring , the voice of Liam really makes you sleep , the guitar tones never change except in the acoustic tracks . The bass and the drums play a small role in this record . I hope Oasis think about it , and do n't think about a `` Definetly Maybe Part 4 '' for their next record .
 The Gallagher bros. are so full of themselves that they subject their fans to this mess of rehashed 70 's rock . Every tune here is about 20 minutes long - if you would dig an entire album of `` Hey Jude '' and `` You Ca n't Always Get ... '' here it is . Oasis ' lyrics have always been pretty throwaway but here they are banally Hallmark . `` All around the world / tell 'em what ya heard '' is as deep as they get here . Check out the Unplugged bootleg to appreciate Oasis without Noel 's mosquito whine voice and forget this bloated joke .
 The first track is the only listenable song on this entire album . The rest of the songs are incredibly boring and show little effort . If you like to pass the time by staring at a blank wall , your attention span might be able to handle this . Otherwise , look elsewhere .
 Bland , boring , nasal , banal , lyrically bankrupt , musically sophomorish , imitative , empty , hollow , stupid , not worthy of the CD pressing -- let alone comparison to the Beatles . There , I think that covers it .
 The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because this album has a very few decent songs but the rest ... . AARGH!Remember the song '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' from the album of the same name ? Basically what we have here is that song over and over again , except without a catchy melody but with even more distortion , a zillion guitars and noise . Oasis thinks if they create lots of noise then they will be legendary , but they are forgetting that they are in the category of popular music . Not unpopular noise.Please read the bad and fair reviews on this album before considering buying it because I think they say a lot more about the album then the good reviews posted by fans who think anything Oasis is good . No way ! Definitely Maybe is an excellent album , Morning Glory is good , and then this ?! The songs all sound the same , most are way too long , and they have a lot of bad guitar distortion , repitition , but nothing precise and good . Except for the single `` Do n't Go Away , '' which is an excellent ballad , but you 've heard that song already I 'm sure . Do n't buy this album for that song . The title track is decent too , but nearly everything else sucks ! I gave this album at least 6 spins and really should have started liking it by that point , but this album is beyond salvation.I would hate to imagine what the later Oasis albums sound like , and given their lack of radio play on any later songs , I would imagine that they are even worse . I 've heard other fans say that Be Here Now is the `` last great Oasis album . '' Well , if being cocky and producing songs that are way too long because you think you are legendary is greatness , then please spare me .
 Oasis arrogance is way out of proportion to their actual talent which is miniscule . If you want something real buy any album from The Beatles or the Beach Boys . This is music for people that get excited about strip malls .
 I can see what Noel is tring to do on this album , hes tring to keep the rock/pop theme but slow it down a bit . It didnt work , He ended up with a lot of boring , annoying noise.The best tracks on the album are :1 . Stand by me2 . Fade in-out3 . It 's gettin ' better manThe ones to avoid are :1 . My Big Mouth -LRB- pathetic -RRB- 2 . The girl in the dirty shirt3 . Magic PieOverall , this is a huge disappointment and i would not recommend it .
 Incredible bad musicians , terrible song writers , the worst vocalist ever , what else can I say?They totally destroyed what the Beatles created for all of us . All of their songs are copied from The Beatles ' Rubber Soul , Revolver and Abbey Road . Please do not buy this cd ! I recommend you to buy good alternative rock if you want so
 I listened to these samples and they are not the real singers . The listing is misleading .
 I used to wish Billy would go back to his bread and butter and record another pop/rock album . Forget about the classical stuff and go back to what made him what he became - one of the best songwriters to come out of the 70 's . And to not let the forgettable River Of Dreams album be his last say on the pop/rock world . But after hearing this rubbish , I hope Billy stays building motorcycles , and cruising around in his boats . This single may just be the most boring bland thing he has ever done , and after the mixed bag of his last three studio albums -LRB- Bridge , Storm Front , ROD -RRB- that 's saying something.When dealing with Joel your best bet will always be his classic period 1976 -LRB- Turnstiles -RRB- to 1982 -LRB- The Nylon Curtain -RRB- everything else is very hit and miss .
 Billy Joel , the greatest songwriter of his generation , really fell on his nose with this one . The lyrics , which consist of one trite phrase after another , are set to a rather pedestrian melody that does n't take the listener anywhere . The only thing that makes this song even marginally listenable is the orchestral arrangement . A BIG disappoinment .
 What happens with Billy ? It is the age what it has affected ? Why it wants to be the cartoon of Sinatra?Honestly I continue waiting the return of great pop rock or good new wave rock of Glass Houses ! But Billy sadly very sadly your music is made for old man 's lovers of Sinatra . Argggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Sounds like it should be in a Meg Ryan romantic comedy.Did they intentionally try to erase his personality ? Sounds like it was produced in Nashville ! This should be a demo for another singer to record.It 's just too schmaltzy for me . I think Phil Ramone may be slipping too . Billy is a much better singer than this.After listening to this song I instinctively lit a match . I 'm going to go listen to Glass Houses .
 I 've heard all the albums , seen them live , and all I can say is `` Phish-Lite '' . I 'm glad that they are doing what they are doing , but they wear their influences on their sleeve .
 Ned Oldham has been popping-up as a musician/background vocalist on Will Oldham/Palace records for some time now . Beware - this album portrays an opposite relationship . It is primarily a Ned Oldham record with a very occasional insertion of Will 's voice mixed in the background . If you want to hear Will 's voice - do not waste your money unless you 're a completist .
 Many of the numbers are by `` members of the band '' and do not give the true sound of the original . Some of the vocals are truly bad . Save your money and buy the originals which are readily available at reasonable prices .
 I really know nothing about this era of music , but I bought it for my 94 yr . old Mother-in-law and she is not impressed . However , she is picky , so her opinion may not count .
 There is NO VIDEO in this thing , just music . If there is a video on the disc , there are NO INSTRUCTIONS what so ever on how to play it . The only print on this are a bunch of stupid rants about piracy is good . But there is NO VIDEO here .
 I 've just received it as a persent for my birthday amongst another 8 or 10 CDs . At first it caught my eye better than any of the rest , but I feel very dissapointed because of the -LRB- almost all -RRB- live recordings , which I do n't expect in a collection named `` Greatest Hits '' . The saddest part is that it sinks all my interest in Pete Seeger for quite a while.Those who know the artist well , what would recommend me to re-start ?
 I am a great fan of Pete Seeger , but there were just too many '' kiddie '' nonsense songs on this CD .
 Screaming ? More like being strangled . How could they possibly have played that back and decided it was a good idea ? Pity , because otherwise the mixture of good girl vocals and hard chunky guitars , combined with good hooks in the songwriting department is very pleasing to the ears . And then ... they decide to put a plastic bag over her head and mic her yelling . Bizarre ; almost every track starts out compelling and becomes unlistenable to the point of being laughable .
 Now , I am a HUGE fan of Jack Off Jill , My Ruin , Otep ect ... And those chicks can scream . However , the vocalist of Sugarcoma fails to make the music enjoyable with her weak screaming . The singers oj JOJ , MR , Otep ect ... Put power behing their music and make it enjoyable . Sugarcoma just makes it annoying . She does have a nice singing voice , and the band is very talented . I think Sugarcoma would be better off if she didnt scream ...
 I do n't know what happened , because the company I purchased the CD from would never respond to my e-mails . I highly recommend to anyone purchasing anything from this company to please read over all the reviews before you purchase from them . I ordered the product on July 10 , 2012 . It was suppose to be delivered from July 17 to August 1 . I have yet to get the product or an explanation from anyone . I will never purchase anything from them again and hope you think twice before anyone else does . Thank You !!!!!
 A question , why would Engelbert sing old songs , when the are so many new ones are written ? Why would he sing Beatles song and destroy it . A man with such a great voice , sings songs that do n't match his personality . Please make your next CD more original . Thank You . Your fan .
 Immortal and emperor are the only ones that should be here . Where is darkthrone ? What about uh Mayhem ?? Satyricon ? Dimmu Borgir , please . They have n't done anything new . Other then the Immortal and emperor this is a bad list . I mean , Arcturus is good , but they have what one or two true black metal albums . Bring out the classics .
 I THINK THAT THIS WAS THE WRONG TYPE OF MUSIC FOR RIEU . THE FIRST DISSAPPOINTMENT WITH HIS ALBUMS .
 This is an utterly poor effort by an aging hero . Dee Dee is obviously a very sloppy guitar player , he sings bad -LRB- not to speak of his wife Barbara 's `` vocals '' -RRB- and the songs . . well , they sully the memory of the Ramones ' work on classical albums like `` Ramones '' , `` Leave Home '' and `` Rocket To Russia '' . Even die-hard-fans should hesitate to buy this ...
 Ugh . Makes your estomac -LRB- stomach -RRB- twist-and-turn . Halfway through this album will make you regret that you 've bought this album for 14.99 !!!!! Crap : - -LRB-
 A truly lousy record . `` wiretap scars '' were in many ways briliant but something went wrong with `` porcelain '' . The album give no memorable riffs or chorus what so ever . Each song sound alike and after a while you are really bored . A truly lousy record
 First off , my opinion comes from a musicians veiw.I began listening to At the drive in when they hit the scene in the mid 90s ... i was turned on by their weird time changes and aggersive vocals . When the band broke up i was upset and i felt that the void would not be filled . When i heard Omar was fronting The mars volta i knew he would stay true to experimental music , and indeed i was correct.I can not say the same for Sparta how ever , i find that Cedric 's vocals are often flat and they sound more like an unexperienced singer . Their music falls short , maybe more production could be used to beef up the songs . I find comparing the mars volta to sparta an unfair comparision . The songs in general are caught up trying to be punk when they sound more like un inpsired emo tunes ... i guess maybe they are trying to hard to please ... have you seen the videos !
 Saw them live with Dredg and they stunk up the joint ... badly.Don ' t compare them to TMV ... no comparsion in any manner .
 if sparta actually makes a good album i 'll give all my mars volta material away . they lack any kind of creative thinking or flow in there music . they continue to try and re-hash the spirit of atdi ... zzzzzzzzzzz . not gon na happen.listen we all know mars is n't for everyone , but collectivly they are changing music , taking risks and devolping a new style of fusion ... writing and putting together such timeless concept albums takes skill ... also to have complete control over there music ??? how many artists can say that ? sparta take notice ... try something new . . weak songwriting and catchy pop hooks will only take that atdi recognition so far
 Okay ... with the break up of ATDI , It is pretty obvious that all the talent went to The Mars Volta . These guys do n't suck . They are just boring . They sound like every other band I have heard before that is out there making music with no uniqueness really . People think just because they can play an instrument that they can get a deal and start a band . This is what Sparta did just like all the other 500 bands in the industry who all sound exactly alike . The MArs Volta has tried new things and these new things have separated them from the 500 other bands . Like Tool , Led Zepplin , Pink Floyd , And Queen ... Mars Volta tried something different , which has gained them a great amount of respect . Sparta ? I can name a million other bands similar .
 Of the two bands that ATDI splintered into , it should be obvious at this point which one is actually worth listening to . The Mars Volta makes intelligent , frenetic , insane polyrythmic guitar-prog music , while Sparta have found their niche in the world of tepid , whiney radio rock.There 's nothing interesting about this album . There are songs that are slightly catchy , but nothing well written or particularly original . Even the cover looks stupid . Waste your money elsewhere .
 Mars Volta wins.I could leave the review at that one line but to put it another way , 15 years from now almost no one will remember Sparta and Mars Volta will still be considered a seminal band .
 With `` Wiretap Scars '' , Sparta prooved they can still proceed even after the break-up of ATDI . Their combination of moody ambience and pulsating guitar riffs were quite fascinating at the time . Unfortunately though , it 's been two years since , and I really do n't know if I care anymore or maybe it 's because I 've already heard one-too-many bands duplicating this forumla , right down to the point where it has become overly-bland . The album opens off with `` Guns in Memorial Park '' , not a bad song , after a U2-inspired opening , the song actually begins , featuring a catchy chorus and guitar work that is pretty much Sparta . `` Oceana Sleeps '' is another good song , beautiful suffice to say but sadly the only promising note on an otherwise album full of banality.When I look back at it , The Mars Volta were progressive side of ATDI , whereas Sparta were the harder sector . But sometimes I wonder , instead of all this nonsense , both bands should just merge and rightfully bring back one of the best Amerian bands of the past 10 years.Then again , maybe it 's been so long who cares anymore . As for `` Porcelain '' , it just did n't nab the attention of my ears and lacked a truly good song -LRB- At least Wiretap had `` Red Alibi '' and `` Cut your Ribbon '' -RRB- to make it worth the purchase . I 'll close with this , it lacks any creativity and shows hints of a band having a hard time finding themselves .
 I do n't get this CD . I listened to it , listened to it again , chased my cat , cheeseyfranks , with a Salisbury steak TV dinner , listened to it again and nope , nothing . It 's more average rock by bands that Mark Knopfler should put over his knee and whoop with a copy of Procol Harum 's Las Vegas comeback effort . It 's junk . Kroll was all about Sparta about 6 months ago before a telemarketer talked him into some psychic network . He now tells me that my oatmeal may jump up and start singing showtunes if my aura is not in line . Anyway , Sparta is a waste of time only Saved by the Bell , the pre school years , can compete with .
 This DVD should be labeled as `` Collector 's Edition '' . It 's the first recorded by Bill Gaither and it 's completely different that Homecoming as we know today . Video and audio quality is poor . It 's just a group of friends singing around a piano . There are times when mic cable is in front of camera !
 i bought this cd for one song on it sgt. mackenzie and i was disappoint that the it was broken up into three parts on the cd
 Loved the movie , love the music . However , there are 17 tracks with different titles but the song is the same on each one . Very disappointing .
 I 'm a good hoola hooper , but when it comes to the super advanced stuff that they are doing . . NO WAY ! Popped it into my dvd player once , I do n't even know where it is now . I was so hard !
 My rating is not a reflection of the greatness of Cream , rather a forewarning to prospective buyers of this compilation . Before purchasing this compilation , consider that there is a vastly better one available for near the same price ! `` The Very Best of Cream '' features all of the tracks presented `` Strange Brew '' , an additional 8 tracks , and more extensive liner notes . Also `` The Very Best of Cream '' , released in 1995 , was the first Cream best of to be released exclusively on CD , and is mastered using Apogee 's UV22 encoding that vastly improves the sound quality of the original songs , and the songs on this album . Save your money and get it instead !
 Would I recommend it ? Yes , but try to get it used . Also I would definitely buy their next in hopes that they may `` find themselves '' with a more well defined sound . You catch a bit of a sense that they are trying to be the Beastie Boys on another level ... they need to just try to be Quarashi but they clearly are n't entirely sure who that is . The first track is by far the best on the album in my opinion , it absolutely rocks but the rest of it does n't have the teeth that track does . If you like this first track do n't buy the whole album for it , the entire album is only 41 minutes .
 Well , I think it 's safe to say that rap-rock has completely ran it 's course and come full circle . There is now officially nothing new to do and if you try it anymore , you are just treading territory already cleared by dozens of other bands . When I first heard `` Stick Em Up '' I was amazed . I thought `` Wow , maybe there is hope for rap-metal . '' So I went out and bought the CD expecting great things . First off , like every other reviewer mentions , these guys want to be the Beastie Boys so bad , but believe me friends , these guys ca n't even hold a candle to the Beastie Boys . This whole CD is dreadfully boring , and now `` Stick Em Up '' is starting to sound just a little to manufactured . Nothing caught my ear on this CD , I was just so bored . I always try to sit through at least one full sitting of every CD I buy , but this was torture ! I do not recommend this CD at all .
 Okay , I knew going into this CD that it 'd be heavily rap influenced after hearing Stick Em Up . I was extremely disappointed . It 's basically all rap . They just get some people who are not even listed as part of the band to play an occasional riff on the guitar or provide background bass . The only thing that made this CD worth it was `` tarfur . '' it 's supposedly the first rap song written entirely in Icelandic . However , Quarashi makes Limp Bizkit sound like Metallica , Quarashi is so heavily rap . I would n't recommend it , cuz they 're not even very good MCs . I picked it up for 10 bucks , but I would n't pay any more for it if I were you .
 i found this cd to be quite generic . the music , to me , was bland and lifeless . equal parts rap & singing , the vocals were predominant in the mix . the music was ok , heavy and slighlty melodic but i just never got into it . music should scream through your stero and say LISTEN TO THIS but this cd failed to grab my attention .
 I thought this CD was bad . This CD almost out beat my least favorite CD that I have -LRB- Darwin 's Waiting Room -RRB- . I only liked `` Stick um up '' and `` Wierdo '' the rest of the CD is just a bunch of giberush & swaring . I suggest you do n't get this CD it 's a waste of money .
 i like quarashi 's sound , it 's fun and enegertic . but it does n't really move anywhere or explore any possibilites . i think they have some real talent but these guys seem too content just throwing out obscene expressions like a bunch of 15 year olds that have finally gotten a hold of the main office 's pa system . i have to say that the people who try to push these guys as sounding like korn are TOTAL MORONS . quarashi sounds sort of like the beastie boys on steroids ... that 's the best comparison i can think of . if you 're not really looking for anything deep or particularly inspiring but instead want some mindless music , quarashi is fun . but if you have enough of that in your collection already , skip this one .
 This is yet another mediocre release in a litany of mediocre to sub-mediocre music being released by American bands today . What ever happened to originality ? Whatever happened to playing music with balls ? Why is soul-less pop the rage today ? Is this what we 've come to ? Is this a reflection of the new blandness of the American character ? This band shows no originality , no kinetic energy at all . I give them two stars because the musicianship is halfway decent . A surprising number of Seattle music fans who consider themselves hip and musically sophisticated are settling for the sort of drivel put out by this and other mediocre rock bands . Is there any good new American music out there ? Come on folks ! I mean -- there is nothing cool about this music at all ! END
 Sorry tigerbutter boy . If I want to listen to Flop songs , I 'm going to put `` Fall of the Mopsqueezer '' into my CD player .
 ok 1st off i was never going to buy this set . but shopping at 3am at wal mart makes you do crazy things . i was looking at music dvds and this cd set was in there thanks to their dedicated employees for noticing the difference between cds and dvds lol . but they had it marked at 14 bucks and i thought it be nice to keep it in my car . so i open this generic case that cost 3 cents to print up and 3 cds and 3 inserts fall out of this cracked plastic cd holder . so now i got 3 left over 97 remastered cds and inserts lying on my floor . this set would have been cool if they used the old kiss originals cover and made the package a little better like a digipack or something and include a nice booklet like the alive box set . but poor planning and packaging make this a worthless addition to someones kiss collection . and like on the alive box set where they crammed alive 1 and 2 on 1 cd each the first album and hotter than hell could have easily mae it on 1 cd . but this is just left over remaster cds that didnt sell slapped in a crappy box .
 If you want these selections , go with the Preiser or Myto CDs .
 I love this group 's early feel-good canadian rock n ' roll , but I stumbled onto this album in a music store in the mall . With excitement , I sampled all the songs and to my disappointment , I still ca n't figure out what the hit was suppose to be . It 's really terrible so do n't bother . Just stick to their old stuff . Their 80 's stuff rocks !!
 Honeymoon Suite 's latest studio CD is GREAT ! This is there first studio album since 1991 's Monsters Under The Bed and it is GREAT ! Derry & Johnnie have gathered a great band on this effort . The songs still have the vintage Honeymoon Suite sound but with a modern edge to them . You will not be disappointed by this one . Get your copy now ...
 This DVD of Rod Stewart and The Faces In Concert is a total BOOTLEG . The cover is with Ronnie Lane who was not in the band during the recording of this concert . This DVD is the final concert with Keith Richards . I 'm sick and tired of companies putting out concerts with different covers of the same ones you already have . It 's like bait and switch . And I am a number one Faces fan and this is a load of BS . And for those looking at the Rod Stewart and the Faces
 This is the same DVD as Rod Stewart & the Faces - The Final Concert . It 's the one with Keith Richards in it.THIS IS NOT A NEW DVD.If you enlarge the photo you can see that someone cut and pasted the WRONG people at their instruments . Ronnie Wood is playing the keyboards , Kenny Jones is playing the bass , and the late Ronnie Lane is playing the drums . In fact , Lane is not even on this DVD , Tetsu is .
 This is a terrible DVD . The sound and picture quality are both terrible . The first couple of songs we watched all of showed more or Rod 's butt in those gold shiny pants than it did his face . Prancing around and shaking his butt with the two big red veil type scarfs he wore it looked really weird . My wife was laughing her own rearend off it was so funny . I should return it but I will sacrife the money and warn others do not buy this DVD as it is absolutely terrible . We have purchased Rod Stewart `` One Night Only Live at Royal Albert Hall '' and `` It had to be You '' and both of these DVD 's I would rate 5 stars for sound and picture . We actually enjoy these two DVD 's so much we exercise to them . They are so enjoyable we have 30 minutes of exercise done before we realize it . The actually gives us a bit of incentive to exercise .
 This is a dual disc . One side is a DVD with the concert footage and the other side is a CD with the soundtrack of the concert . Herein may lie the problem . The DVD footage is grainy . I know it 's from the 70s but I also have `` Black Oak Arkansas -LRB- BOA -RRB-
 I 've been spoiled by Sloan and their virtuosity on their earlier albums , with different sounds and experimentations , while still incorporating their terrific knack for writing melodic and memorable tunes . One review I read -LRB- outside of Amazon -RRB- said that the songs on this CD `` gel like no other Sloan album '' as a unit , or something . Another not so praiseworthy way of expressing that thought might be to say that all the songs sound the same . I LIKED the different moods , with vocals and songwriting from ALL the members . It kept me interested and affirmed to me that Sloan was one of the best bands , all around , period . I hope this cd 's production is n't a sign of where the band wants to go . They 're still falling between the cracks , with songs that are probably intended to be radio-ready , but in this case , just are n't that special . I await their next cd ... ummm ... anxiously .
 As a US fan , I was certainly irritated that this was not released in the US and that I had to pay $ 23 for it as an import . This irritation was compounded when I sat down and listened to the album . This is not a bad album , for most bands it would be a solid effort , but I expect more from Sloan . What this album lacks is variety and subtlety . Most of the songs are just a little too straightforward . Other reviewers have commented on the repetitive guitar riffs and lyrics , and I agree.If you are big Sloan fan , you will probably want this , otherwise its a coin toss .
 I fell in love with Sloan 's music in 1999 when I bought ` Between The Bridges ' a highly inventive power-pop masterpiece.Each song was unique and the melodies were very strong.I waited for two years on the follow up album ` Pretty Together ' and found it to be a pretty lame effort indeed.The spark of inventiveness of the previous album was missing.I was hoping that ` Action Pact ' would be the return to form that I was looking for.Sadly I have to report that it 's an even weaker effort than ` Pretty Together ' . Right from the opener it 's clear that something has gone wrong.Each song has the same repetitive guitar riff and the lyrics are as lazy and uninspired as the songs on ` Pretty Together ` If I was to mention album highlights , they are few and far between with ' I Was Wrong ' being one of the songs to standout among the mess.Elsewhere it can easily be heard that Chris Murphy is on autopilot.Good examples of this are ` Rest Of My Life ' a song that Murph could have written in his sleep.The normally reliable Patrick Pentland disappoints also with ` Reach Out ' -LRB- yawn -RRB- and ` Backstabbin ' -LRB- double yawn -RRB- - each song displaying the need to repeat the title ad infinitum.Jay Ferguson does n't do anything either to make his mark on the album.Andrew Scott did n't write or sing any of the songs on the album because his partner had just had a child.He could easily have penned one or two.It might have made all of the difference.The saddest part of all is that Sloan are capable of so much better than this.It 's as if they have given up on being the highly inventive band that they should be.Rumours are rife that their next album will be a double with one side dedicated to each member.Hopefully this will be the chance for Sloan to show again what they can do.As for ` Action Pact ' , I 'm afraid it 's a mess all round and just not good enough for honours students ...
 This CD features Vengeance Rising 's first two releases -LRB- which were the only legitimate Vengeance Rising recordings as the entire band left after ONCE DEAD except for singer Roger Martinez . Hence , the band that released the last two VR recordings can more accurately be referred to as Roger Rising -RRB- . Vengeance Rising 's brand of metal on the 1989 HUMAN SACRIFICE is powerful , inventive , varied and very heavy , not to mention well produced . A good example would be the entire opening to the song `` White Throne . '' The follow-up was similar , but a bit less impressive . The problem is the supposedly gruff-styled vocals by Roger Martinez.Gruff-styled vocals can powerfully work in metal , obviously because it 's an agressive and passionate form of music . Such vocals can successfully be implemented in various ways , for instance , Slayer , Death , My Dying Bride , Bathory and Agolloch , to name a few . Unfortunately , Martinez 's gruff style , albeit innovative , just does n't work ; his work on HUMAN SACRIFICE and ONCE DEAD sounds equal parts goofy , passionless and wholly manufactured . Adding insult to injury is that fact that he sounds exactly the same on EVERY freakin ' song . Needless to say , Martinez completely RUINED whatever artistic contribution Vengeance Rising was trying to make to the metal genre , which explains why very few people even know they ever existed.The lyrics are overtly Christian/biblical ; it 's refreshing actually . Got ta respect that.3-Stars for the music on HUMAN SACRIFICE ; 2-Stars for ONCE DEAD and 0-Stars for Martinez ' pitiful attempts at `` vocalizing . `` It goes without saying that Martinez can be hailed as the absolute WORST vocalist in the history of all forms of metal -LRB- i.e. fake , contrived , silly , moronic -RRB- . You got ta hear it to believe how bad it is .
 Well first of all I dont think anybody should judge Roger , If they did their research they would know what happened , Once Dead was ok a few good tunes but overall it all sounds the same . For the Human Sacrficie Album Mulligan 's Stew is probobly my Favorite VR Tune .
 These albums stink . It 's that simple . To all those giving this joke such a high rating I have to ask , do you even listen to death/thrash metal at all ? I mean outside of the christian market ? If you did , you would find this laughable and cheesy beyond words as well ! It sounds to me like some christian guys who heard of , but never listened to thrash metal decided to have a go at it . The result is an awful combination of uninspired , cheesy rock & roll riffs that are even bluesy at times , layered with some hilariously awful vocals . I mean the vocals are just ridiculous ! And what 's with the cover of Deep Purple 's Space Truckin ? The guitar tones are weak , the drummer does n't seem like he knows what he 's doing , and the song writing is just plain BAD . They really do sound like posers . Try giving this to some hardcore metalhead . I dare you . Prepare to have it shoved up your nose ! If you 're planning on being a witness through music , you better have a freakin clue ! I know alot of people respect Vengance for being `` pioneers '' of Christian extreme Metal , but that does n't excuse the EXTREME lack of quality in their music .
 Yeah if you are between 14-16 you should love this crap cause thats what exactly it is . They call themselves Nashville Pussy but they really should call themselves White Trash cause they are not much more then that . There is nothing complex here its just the way you would expect something when you were , well 14 . Loud , no real meaning , and they are not really all that fun either so i dont get it , it looks like because they mention Sex that means they are good ? Wrong , they suck bigtime and there is no talent here and they are not saying anything here that has n't been already said many many times , save your money
 This release was to be hybrid SACD/CD -LRB- plays on both regular and super-audio CD players -RRB- , and was indeed released as a SACD in the UK , but the US version only contains the `` regular '' CD version . The main draw for me to purchase a re-release of something I already own is enhanced sonic quality of the music or compelling alternative takes -LRB- not some silly video I 'll only which once -RRB- , and the US release misses the mark . I purchased the UK version -LRB- from Amazon UK -RRB- and I am very happy with it , and it is not much more expensive . US record companies take advantage of US consumers with habitually sub-standard product , so do n't purchase it when there is a viable alternative in the UK version .
 Not able to tell from the packaging I regretfullypurchased this pricey deluxe edition only to findthe last four songs have been removed from the CD.Not ending with Pleasure Little Treasure makes thewhole nostalgic vaunt all vapid and hollow.Disc 2 contains the catchier more enjoyable tracksfrom the singles along with what I call the missingtracks although some would argue . Alas they can onlybe played on a DVD player not a car stereo . Kind of aworthless novelty albeit deliberate .
 Based on several reader reviews , I bought this album and ended up severely disappointed.In a nutshell , there are only two or three really good songs -LRB- especially , NEVER LET ME DOWN AGAIN -RRB- and the remaining tracks seem to be experiments in synthesizer sampling without any actual melody.Other than `` Contstruction Time Again '' this is probably the only other '80s DM release that I loathe . Much better alternatives to this album are `` Black Celebration '' and `` Some Great Reward . ''
 When I first time heard Never Let Me Down Again , I loved it.These days I am still loving it because it 's one of DM 's strongest and finest songs . It 's really music for the masses!Strangelove the second best track and it has a great chorus . Sacred , Nothing and some other songs are good but the rest of the album sucks . I want you is a horrible song inclusing lover 's sounds -LRB- Please Gore , do it next time privately . -RRB- Remixs are torturing songs to jails . Listen thisalbum before you buy or you can have a great disappoinment in you DM-collection .
 How this broke DM in the USA I will never figure . To my estimation , as a longtime fan and follower , there are 4 good songs on this 14 song cd , hardly what I would call a stellar average . To put it in perspective - better than A Broken Frame , but not as good as Some Great reward .
 This cd blows nothing worth listening to . Really sucks the big unit . One of there worst cds.thank you very muchyour welcome
 This is one of the rare times that Rhino began with the best of intentions , then just executed terribly . Here 's how Rhino blew it on the entire Depeche Mode multi-title CD/DVD remaster series :1 . -RRB- The remastering is heartbreakingly sub-par . I 'll get to that .2 . -RRB- They relegated the great bonus audio tracks & remixes to the DVD .3 . -RRB- The 5.1 mixes and the video clips should have been released on dedicated DVD editions.Let 's start with the remastering.You -LRB- real -RRB- DM fans who have all the Singles Boxes ; go to Box # 4 , pull out the `` Behind The Wheel '' disc , and cue up the `` album version '' . Now , compare it to the `` remastered '' Masses track ... BIG DIFFERENCE , huh ? The Masses version has greatly diminished clarity , like a heavy towel had been draped over the speakers . Forward the playback to 2:10 on each track , when all the instrumentation and vocals have finally kicked in , and listen . You 'll understand the audio dichotomy I 'm describing is not trivial.Yes , the remastered audio on the CD in the new Masses set is better than the original 1987 single-disc CD release . But , after you perform the A/B test described above , you know the audio is not what it COULD have been , and probably now , never will be . That 's a bitter pill to have to swallow for the Depeche fan , especially after laying out $ 20 + for this set.I 've also A/B 'd tracks from all five of the Rhino 2006 sets against their respective Singles-Box counterpart . I found the same sub-standard remastering . What a terrible disappointment.Let 's move on to the DVD included in each set , and the decision to locate the remix and additional audio tracks there rather than the CD.Simply
 This US release was supposed to be like the UK release and include a hybrid SACD -LRB- Super Audio Compact Disc -RRB- as well as the DVD . It does not . The SACD has been replaced by a regular CD . Extremely disappointing ! I 'll be purchasing the UK release instead ... According to Mute 's Head of Catalogue , David Rowntree , Mute commissioned Simon Heyworth 's Super Audio Mastering facility to perform the critical re-mastering work for this album . Quote
 For whatever reason , Rhino decided to leave off the SACD layer of all three U.S. Depeche Mode re-releases , which is a real shame . If you have an SACD set-up , the audio quality of the import versions is noticeably better -LRB- especially on `` Speak & Spell '' -RRB- . Plus the DVD is region free , so the import video will still play in your PC or Mac -LRB- although it will not play on your TV , unless you have a DVD player that can convert PAL to NTSC -RRB- . I highly recommend sending Rhino a message that selling watered-down versions in the U.S. is unacceptable , by purchasing the Mute label import version instead -LRB- all three of which are outstanding -RRB- .
 I ordered the import SACD version -LRB- shakes fist at Rhino -RRB- I guess US audiences do not merit the SACD release . Shrug . Regardless , I 'd like to comment on the sound quality of Music for the Masses.First of all , true remasters take the 2-track master , bring it into a mastering studio , and work from there . Do n't expect a remix from the multitrack , although the 5.1 mixes obviously have to be remixed from the multitrack , unless they take the ultra cheap way out and synthesize a surround mix out of the 2-track master . Anyway , I 'm not commenting on the surround mix . This is strictly about the stereo remaster.With today 's mastering technology , working on something that is 20 years old noticeably improves the sound quality - regardless of delivery format , CD , SACD , whatever . You 're going to hear the difference . The Violator and Speak & Spell remasters benefitted from the remastering . Music for the Masses ... not so much . I do n't think this is the fault of the mastering engineer , I suspect this is simply the best they could do with the material . Overall , and I 'm speculating here , it sounds like early digital . Somewhere along the signal path it sounds like it has been irrevocably committed to an early digital technology.Now , do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge fan of digital recording , but some early systems really did n't sound so great , and this is a big reason why digital adopted an early reputation of sounding rather harsh . This release really sounds like that kind of technology in the original recording , and if that is the case , all the mastering kung-fu in the world is n't going to make it sound appreciably better . `` Never Let Me Down Again '' should sound huge . It does n't . It sounds pinched . And flat . Some of the quieter songs revel more detail . You can hear the reverb on the kick drum of `` The Things You Said '' more clearly , for example . Every sample edge is clear on `` I Want You Now '' , due to the increased average level . It is the ` big ' songs that seem to suffer
 Beware this album - it 's pretty much just pop in a boring spectrum of forgettable melodies and very thin , lyrically . There are a few more traditionally-rooted tracks that exhibit some of the rich , emotional harmonies and inventive beats that are responsible for the rise of African music , but they do n't justify the purchase.There 's probably several hundred pop titles out there that bear as much weight as this fluffy . Definitely not one to light up a party . If this one makes it to someone 's Desert Island Collection , I 'd rather drown ...
 EVERYTHING ABOUT ALBUM MAKES ME WAN NA GRAB A GUN AND SHOOT MYSELF . THAT 'S HOW BAD IT IS . IT 'S LACKS EMOTION , AND IT SOUNDS FORCED . LIKE THEY ARE TRYING TO HARD TO SPREAD THE WORD INSTEAD OF TRYING TO MAKE GOOD MUSIC . EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS CD IS SO GENERIC , SO DULL , SO PREDICTABLE . ONLY A MORON WOULD THINK THIS IS A WORTH WHILE CD TO LISTEN TOO .
 This collection of tunes is an experiment with rock . I 'm loving Bj&ouml;rk 's vocals , all though over-produced to an inch of her life . This LP is too eclectic to be eclectic . Post seems an effort to please mainstream goons . The LP feels forced .
 I purchased this album several years ago and recently listened to it again and was a little disappointed . The strong tunes are spread out among too many seemingly pointless tracks which sound like a spoiled little rich kid was turned loose in the studio with no regard for musically correct pieces . It 's not that all of the music is bad , but it sounds more like unfinished experimentation thrown together rather hastily then pressed into a product just for the sake of making a release . What happened to the darling Bjork who sang so strongly and pleasing to the ear in `` Big Time Sensuality '' , `` There 's More to Life than this '' , `` Crying '' , `` Venus as a Boy '' , and `` Violently Happy '' from Debut ? On `` Post '' it appears that success has gone to her head and she got herself to the point where she could just hum and make noises into a tape recorder and the deluded public would call it artistic experimentation . Of the strong tunes , `` Army of Me '' is an interesting idea with a great drum track , but the singing in the chourus does n't blend well with the music and does n't even sound musical . The partially-thrilling `` Enjoy '' sounds unfinished and raw and could use some fine-tuning . `` Possibly Maybe '' is one tune that still sounds good after several listens , and `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' remains my favourite tracks on the album , here she actually sings a catchy melody and utilizes her unique voice to convey the strength and beauty as she did on Debut . Her voice actally sounds great against the orchestra . But poor tunes like `` You 've been Flirting again '' , `` Cover Me '' , and the dreadful `` Headphones '' inspire me to ask myself `` what was she thinking ? '' Her shaky whispering vocals just do n't work with the music , are n't catchy -LRB- and sometimes not even on the correct notes -RRB- . I am surprised at all of the rave reviews that this disc received . When she was backed up by guitars and acoustic drums with The Sugarcubes , Bjork was at her best . Her solo efforts have gotten progressively worse . Bjork is an extremely talented artist and I feel a bit cheated by `` Post '' and even more so by `` Homogenic '' , wondering why she is not living up to her potential . Try spinning old Sugarcubes tunes like `` Blue Eyed Pop '' , `` Delicious Demon '' , `` Coldsweat '' , `` Vitamin '' , `` Hit '' , Speed is the Key '' , `` Walkabout '' , and `` Motorcrash '' then listen to `` Post '' , there is definitely something missing .
 I purchased this album several years ago and recently listened to it again and was a little disappointed . The strong tunes are spread out among too many seemingly pointless tracks which sound like a spoiled little rich kid was turned loose in the studio with no regard for musically correct pieces . It 's not that all of the music is bad , but it sounds more like unfinished experimentation thrown together rather hastily then pressed into a product just for the sake of making a release . What happened to the darling Bjork who sang so strongly and pleasing to the ear in `` Big Time Sensuality '' , `` There 's More to Life than this '' , `` Crying '' , `` Venus as a Boy '' , and `` Violently Happy '' from Debut ? On `` Post '' it appears that success has gone to her head and she got herself to the point where she could just hum and make noises into a tape recorder and the deluded public would call it artistic experimentation . Of the strong tunes , `` Army of Me '' is an interesting idea with a great drum track , but the singing in the chourus does n't blend well with the music and does n't even sound musical . The partially-thrilling `` Enjoy '' sounds unfinished and raw and could use some fine-tuning . `` Possibly Maybe '' is one tune that still sounds good after several listens , and `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' remains my favourite tracks on the album , here she actually sings a catchy melody and utilizes her unique voice to convey the strength and beauty as she did on Debut . Her voice sounds great against the orchestra . But poor tunes like `` You 've been Flirting again '' , `` Cover Me '' , and the dreadful `` Headphones '' inspire me to ask myself `` what was she thinking ? '' Her shaky whispering vocals just do n't work with the music , are n't catchy -LRB- and sometimes not even on the correct notes -RRB- . I am surprised at all of the rave reviews that this disc received . When she was backed up by guitars and acoustic drums with The Sugarcubes , Bjork was at her best . Her solo efforts have gotten progressively worse . Bjork is an extremely talented artist and I feel a bit cheated by `` Post '' and even more so by `` Homogenic '' , wondering why she is not living up to her potential . Try spinning old Sugarcubes tunes like `` Blue Eyed Pop '' , `` Delicious Demon '' , `` Coldsweat '' , `` Vitamin '' , `` Hit '' , Speed is the Key '' , `` Walkabout '' , and `` Motorcrash '' then listen to `` Post '' , there is definitely something missing .
 I bought this CD simply because I spent my teenage years listening to the Sugarcubes , and I LOVED THE SUGARCUBES . I 'm quite disappointed though cause this just does n't sound like them . I mean sure the songs have Bjork 's trademark singing voice , but the style of the music is rather boring . The only song I like on here is `` Army of Me '' . The rest is just filler to me . Sorry Bjork if I 'm not digging your solo career .
 I bought this CD on the basis of the rave reviews here . After the first listening , I was bored and could n't see what the fuss was about . After listening another 3 times , I found the album even less interesting . What I was expecting was the excitement and artistry of , say , the early Streissand albums . Bjork turned out to be a disappointment . Her vocal technique is so-so , and her lyrics are largely insipid . Obviously , many people like her work , but for me -LRB- a member of the minority -RRB- her music just does n't do very much . Maybe after listening a few more times , I will finally see the light . But then again , there seem to be a lot of used copies of this album for sale , so maybe listeners are giving up and trying to recoup their lost money .
 I 'm a big bjork fan - I 'm also a big fan of the higher fidelity DVD Audio format and remastered CD sound -LRB- although some remasters are atrocious -RRB- - so I thought this disc was a great buy.However I was n't pleased to find that the CD Audio side wo n't play in the car or on the computer as it 's not recognized as a CD Audio disc -LRB- apparently not uncommon with Dual Discs -RRB- - just as frustrating is the lack of true DVD-Audio using MLP -LRB- Meridian Lossless -RRB- which is superior to the Dolby and DTS surround sound provided here . Interestingly my computer was happy to read the DVD side but reports the surround sound as 48/24 for both Dolby and DTS not the 96/24 claimed . If you are looking for the superior audio you thought this disc offered - then you 'll need to be happy playing it on your DVD player only . Disappointing . I already own the videos on DVD - so I have n't taken that into consideration in this review .
 I 've tried to get into this artist but I can not . I would rather listen to 20 hours of someone 's fingernails on a chalkboard than what passes for Bjork 's voice . Avoid unless you like to hear your dog howl .
 You 're all smoking dope . And I 'm a dope , and I can still say that .
 I listened to this C.D. a while back & I almost went deaf this cd is awful this chick can not sing & this album is so freaky & scary!I could barely get through this whole cd ! If I could give it zero stars I would ! I have never heard of her kind of music it 's like she has her own music catergory!If your into freaky & different stuff then you probably will like it ! all songs have a outer space sound with weird noises!I do n't know what I can recommend to you if you like this except anything Bjork !
 This Inner Life lp is much like the earlier `` I 'm Caught Up '' in that it showcases a spectacular song -LRB- `` Moment Of My Life '' -RRB- and the rest is filler . This track can be found elsewhere on compilation sets in both original and remixed forms .
 I waited for this record 5 months on backorder.What a whopping disappointment when I received it.It was pressed on transparent red vinyl , with chunks of recycled black vinylsprinkled throughout the record.Sound would drop out of the right channel , and I 'd hear static.My goodness , never again . I 'll settle for my CD now . `` Vinyl Lovers '' is a record label to avoid.Equipment used : - Rega P7 , Rega Exact cartridge-McIntosh C2300 preamp-McIntosh M252 amp-B & W ; Matrix 801 series 3 speakersDigital Section : - Cheap Sony CD changer -LRB- coaxial out -RRB- - Musical Fidelity TriVista 21 DAC -LRB- coaxial in -RRB-
 This album is wat too bluesy . I do n't understand Eric Clapton 's diabloical obsession with the blues . The blues is silly and outdated . So is this album . There are a couple of standout tracks , but most of it is just psychedelic blues . GIBBERISH ! That 's what most of this is ! GIBBERISH ! Who cares whether the blues dummy feels free or not ? I for one , do not .
 This song stinks ! Trust me . Try your luck with the import single , maybe those remixes are actually worth listening to .
 What a piece of derivative garbage . 311 already made this album and made it better years ago . Give up now and focus on the homework , kids . This music is taking to straight to the unemployment line .
 The music is too loud for me but I will send to to friend like that type of stuff
 How can I rate something that I did not receive . Yes , I did order Michael Omartian , but received Randy Waldman ... and to my surprise , I do enjoy it ... soothing , mesmerising ... totally enjoyable . In other words it has become an enjoyable mistake . I hate it and have given it one star , because it is not what I wanted .
 Lots of great bands lay an egg somewhere in their career . This is Queen 's egg . A great big Easter-Egg colored dud.It 's not ALL bad . Of course , everyone knows the Bowie duet on Under Pressure , and it 's a great track . It 's such a good track in fact , that it serves to illustrate how inferior the rest of the album is . The other exception is Cool Cat , a nice showcase for Freddy 's falsetto , which is pretty smooth and listenable - but that 's it . The rest is garbage , a collection of synth heavy pablum and forgettable pop tunes and rockers . Body Language is the worst of the bunch - unlistenable . There is no questioning that Hot Space is by far the worst studio recording in the Queen catalog.People who give this five star reviews do a tremendous injustice to classics such as A Night at the Opera and A Day at the Races , even Innuendo , which saw Freddy go out on top , with one of the best Queen recordings in years.Hot Space is the Queen album to buy after you have everything else with Freddy Mercury , and just before you 're ready to see what Brian May and Roger Taylor have been up to with Paul Rogers lately .
 How could they have sunk so low ? This is the ultimate sell-out album . It 's not even good dance music , if that 's what Queen was trying to do here . If they were trying to appeal to a different audience , I 'd like to know who that audience was . Nobody in their right mind can acutally enjoy this garbage . Synths and Queen mix like oil and water . Bring back the mid-seventies Queen albums .
 Queen loved to experiment . Every time they released a new song , I would hear it and say -LRB- in delight -RRB- , `` Is that Queen ? '' However , this album abandoned all that was Rock and Roll and gave into the pop craze of disco that can only be classified as the dark ages in pop music . The only bright spot from this album was `` Under Pressure . '' Thankfully , they pulled out of it to cement themselves as one of the greatest rock bands of all time .
 No one disputes that bands have to experiment and explore new ground to be relevant but that is not what drove Queen to do `` Hot Space '' , their worst album save for `` Flash Gordon '' perhaps . Again what is worst for Queen is the best for most bands out there and so this is n't a total and complete disaster.Like I said , I can forgive them if this was a legitimate effort to explore new ground that their muse or artistic calling compelled them to do but I 'm afraid the truth is a lot less edifying . After years of trying to make it big in the States , Queen finally makes the breakthrough and develops a new audience among the Black listening public with `` The Game '' . However , instead of keeping to their true instincts , they decide to try and write a `` Black '' album . This is evidenced by the first 4 tracks which really suck although `` Cool Cat '' could possibly pass off as a great R&B ; song.The other tracks sound like the leftovers from `` The Game '' and are halfway decent . Great strategy if they succeeded but terrible if they bombed . They bombed ! That 's why bands like Hall & Oates which are able to score with both the White and Black audience are so great but these bands are few and far between.That said , there are still some very good tracks here like `` Under Pressure '' the best track here and `` Life is Real '' the John Lennon tribute song . The bonus track , a remix of `` Body Language '' flops big time and the disc would have been better off without it . Being remastered in 1991 , the sound quality is okay , not great but I wonder if the Japanese 2001 remastered version sounds better . That will be the subject of another review once I get my copy soon.This album though is one that you can afford to do without unless you have a few bucks to spare or if you like Queen so much that you 'll buy anything they put out . Otherwise , give this one a miss ; forgettable except for maybe 4 songs , 5 if you want to be generous out of 12 tracks . Queen 's bleakest hour ...
 So here it is , Hot Space , `` that `` Queen album that people prefer to either blindly defend or try to forget.To me , this album really changed Queen 's songwriting from that point on.These songs , and alot of the songs they would write in the future , were more streamlined and not as extravagant as past albums.Brian May 's rockers all pretty much followed the same tempo , he would never again write something like Tie Your Mother Down or his last gasp at at fast rocker , Dead On Time.Although I find plenty to like from 1980-1991 , there is just no comparing what the fellows did on the first 6 albums.There was much more organic flow to the songwriting and much less filler.Hot Space was Queen 's foray into more dance friendly funk/r & b.Of ; course , Queen 's interpretation of these genres sounds like nothing of that time period.I find some songs are just plain weak , Put Out the Fire is supposed to be the lone rocker on the album , and it 's a throwaway , like they 're just going through the motions.Staying Power is not very memorable either.Life is Real is a tribute to John Lennon , but it just does n't work , and it SOUNDS too much like Lennon , with lyrics that Freddie should have had someone else write -LRB- `` breastfeeding myself , what more can I say ? '' -RRB- , indeed.Backchat is a quick little number by John Deacon , that is inoffensive if also not very memorable.Action This Day is another misfire by Roger Taylor.Dancer comes close to being acceptable as a funky thumping dance tune.For a short time during the eighties , Freddie Mercury was able to indulge in his over the top odes to sex , and unlike alot of people I find Body Language quite nice.It 's one of the most focused synth-heavy songs on the album.Calling All Girls is a great pop tune with a cute main riff , Los Palabros De Amor is , after repeated listens , a very pretty uplifting pop tune.Under Pressure is one of the few memorable songs that Queen did that actually has hints of being , dare we say , SERIOUS.Cool Cat is a song that I will defend as being underrated.A breezy bass heavy groove with typical r & b ; / funk strumming by Brian May.But the main focus and appeal of the song is Freddie singing in glorious falsetto , absolutely amazing.I think , as with much of their material , Queen 's Hot Space did n't work because their idea of funk/R & B ; was not in tune with 90 % of the rest of the world.And of course Freddie Mercury 's voice is something you just CAN NOT ignore , sometimes his arrangement is perhaps too flamboyant for the average listener.Even when Queen delivered a dud , their songwriting -LRB- in terms of structure -RRB- and playing/production were always top notch .
 I ca n`t tell you how disappointed i was when i bought this album back in 1982 . Since then the musical landscape has changed a bit but it ` s still pretty bad in my opinion . Worst tunes are Staying power , action this day , Body language . Some songs are quite agreeable like Back Chat -LRB- sounds a bit like Diana Ross ` s `` upside down '' -RRB- `` Las Palabras '' is a nice ballad Under Pressure is still a great number which was originally written for the Greatest Hits album -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and therefore it sounds like a stranger on this record .
 Let 's face it , Hot Space is filled with filler . But if you love Queen , and I indubitably do , you 'll find several splendid touches . But you have to go mining for them ... rather than having them explode into you , as great Queen so incomparably does . We must come out of denial and admit that this album is weak gruel , with more than a few good moments floating in it . But it is Queen , and even bad Queen has its pleasures .
 I 'm shocked at all the good reviews I 'm seeing ! I 'm a huge Queen fan , and have been since 1980 . Day at the Races is wonderful . The Game is a classic . Night At the Opera is quirky , but still a good listen . But Hot Space is atrociously bad . Let me repeat that
 Most of the time when I write a review that has anything negative in it , it does n't get posted but again I will take that chance . This is not only the worst Queen cd EVER but almost the worst CD I 've heard PERIOD ! Honestly , it sounds like they made up the songs as they played them ! In contrast to Queens `` The Game '' which may be in my top 5 cd 's of all time which is a masterpiece . People who give this mess 5 stars really must like Queen - or - are in the group . ... where are the guitars ? They must have made the cd sound the way it does because `` synth '' was in . . but it was n't `` them '' and it shows , badly . To give this 5 stars detracts from the true greats like A Day At The Races and News Of The World . I 'm a Queen fan but I 'm not blind to anything they play .
 Just stick to rock . No experimentation please . That 's not what Queen 's music is about . Queen , Zeppelin , The Doors , Jethrotull ... the ROCK man . Party on bud , but no funk .
 There is very little to recommend this album to anyone other than a true die-hard Queen fan . It is laborous and disconnected . The `` hits '' that came from it are good but not plentiful enough to justify the completed work
 How could they have sunk so low ? This is the ultimate sell-out album . It 's not even good dance music , if that 's what Queen was trying to do here . If they were trying to appeal to a different audience , I 'd like to know who that audience was . Nobody in their right mind can acutally enjoy this garbage . Synths and Queen mix like oil and water . Bring back the mid-seventies Queen albums .
 Why does John Deacon only have one eye on the album cover?Okay ... I understand why people typically blast this record . Had it not been for Made in Heaven and Flash Gordon , this album would be at the bottom for me . I think this is when Queen started to lose it . I can not understand why in the world Roger Taylor would want to have a drum machine on some of these songs . He was great drummer and using drum machines really lowers the quality of the Queen albums from Hot Spade on out ... It is also the first album in which Brian and Roger no longer sing lead on songs . I think that was another mistake the band made after The Game ... BUT as far as this album , it really is n't all that bad . Just because I have it listed as one of my least favorites does not mean it is bad . Hot Space should be taken on a song by song basis and not as an album as a whole ... 04/10 Staying Power - The live version is far better ! 07/10 Dancer - This is a pretty cool song .02 / 10 Back Chat - Uhhh !!!! What else can I say ? 04/10 Body Language - Uhhh again . Drum machines !!!!! 07/10 Action This Day - Good song06/10 Put Out the Fire - Ho-hum . Its okay .10 / 10 Life Is Real - Great song .10 / 10 Calling All Girls - Sounds like a carry over from The Game08/10 Las Palabras De Amor - Good love song08/10 Cool Cat - Good song in general but bad Queen Song .06 / 10 Under Pressure - I never got into this tune and Vanilla Ice just buried it for me .04 / 10 Soul Brother - Recorded during the Hot Space sessions , but released as a B-Side to Under Pressure . I had to include a rating to connect with other Queen die-hards .
 Queen does Disco . Yuck.The only decent songs here are `` Body Language '' and `` Under Pressure . '' Both of which you can find on various compilations . Do n't waste your money on this garbage .
 Blah ! Queen trying disco , yuck ! only good song is the one guitar song Put Out the Fire
 I saw the tour of this `` album '' as a GI stationed at Lindsey AS Germany in 1982 . They played two songs from this CD ; first they played `` Under Pressure '' which the crowd went nuts for . Then they played `` Body Language '' and I swear the crowd went stone quiet . Needless to say , the band did n't play another song from this album . I only give this review two stars because `` Under Pressure '' is when of the best songs they have ever written . Other then that , like my German friends in 1982 , I find this to be awful . The worst in their glorious career .
 Many call this Queen 's worst album and labelled it as a `` disco '' album because some of the songs are in a style similar to that of their hit `` Another One Bites The Dust '' , a huge crossover rock/pop/disco / R&B ; hit in the U.S. Not all the material found here is disco or R&B ; but at least half the material is . I do have to give the band credit for trying something different but the timing for it was just all wrong and it ended up failing miserably . Out of all the disco/R & B ; numbers on this album the only one I really like a lot is `` Back Chat '' . That song happens to have been written by bass player John Deacon , who also wrote `` Bites The Dust '' . Perhaps the rest of the band should have left the writing of the R&B ; type material to John because the rest of the band 's efforts in that area left something to be desired . `` Dancer '' and `` Body Language '' -LRB- a U.S. Top 20 hit strangely enough but then again I 've never heard it played on the radio so perhaps that ranking is misleading -RRB- are especially pitiful . Not even the added guitars on the remixed version of `` Body Language '' can save it . `` Staying Power '' at least sounded somewhat better when they performed it live . The rest of the album contains more standard type Queen songs , of which the best tracks are the David Bowie collaboration `` Under Pressure '' , the rocking `` Put Out The Fire '' , and the ballad `` Las Palabras De Amor '' . Here is how I rated each song on a scale of 1 to 5:1 . Staying Power 2/52 . Dancer 1/53 . Back Chat 4/54 . Body Language 1/55 . Action This Day 3/56 . Put Out The Fire 4/57 . Life Is Real 2/58 . Calling All Girls 3/59 . Las Palabras De Amor 4/510 . Cool Cat 2/511 . Under Pressure 5/512 . Body Language -LRB- Remix -RRB- 1/5Overall this is one of Queen 's worst efforts but with Queen their worst efforts are better than a lot of other bands ' best efforts so if you know someone who owns a copy you might want to borrow it just for a listen since there are a few good tracks on here .
 I was fortunate enough to see Queen in concert 19 times during their touring days in the US , up to and including their last tour in this country in support of this piece of garbage album , Hot Space.I find it amusing reading reviews here from people who actually think it 's good ! I remember clearly when this album came out , how despised it was . I never met a fan of the band who liked it then , even at the concerts.Yes , this one album single handedly destroyed Queen 's career here in the US , from which they would never recover . Queen never toured the states again , yet they remained tremendously popular around the rest of the world . They still made alot of good music after this diatribe of stank.Now over 20 years later ... I STILL hate this album . It 's awful.To the dude who thinks this junk is brilliant because it is a chick magnet , rock on , dude . It 's just too bad that you do n't know what Queen were all about .
 What can you say ? Does n't even sound like Queen in some places . A bit too much disco . There are a couple of good songs though . But this is my least liked Queen album apart from Flash Gordon sound track .
 If there were never to be another Queen album available , picking up Hot Space would be better than nothing . There are a few good cuts , but this album admittedly was not one of Queen 's better releases and disappointed quite a few of their fans . In fact , I 'd given them up after the radio started curning out some of the Queen-disco that this album personifies . In Queen 's defense , they were trying to adapt to the times , and we can not fault them altogether for one -LRB- or two -RRB- missteps . Disco did have a life span ; fortunately it was a short one . Many cuts sound dated now . Hard to conceive how May ever went in that direction , but he did a far better job than many of the one hit wonders of that era . I have revisited this album after all these years , and find it worth a listen , though not in heavy rotation . Save it for last while building your Queen catalog . Under Pressure is an exceptional collaboration , and ultimately saves the album , and showed that whatever the band was trying to do in those days , those ageing Queens could still shine through with the awesome talent that they were .
 if you asked Queen fans in the States the reason for the band 's decline in popularity here , alot of 'em will cite Hot Space as the reason ... the band did lose more than a few long-time fans with this one , and in fact the tour for the album would ultimately be Queen 's last in the USA . Many of the tracks are n't bad per se , but often they 're experimental to a fault ... and in many instances , the `` human '' element is upstaged by synths & beats . With the exception of a handful of tunes , Hot Space is a far cry from the days when Queen proudly boasted `` No Synthesizers ! '' on their albums . I might recommend this for completists , but first-timers should probably avoid this for now . However , if you want to hear proper versions of these songs , check out Queen 's Live At The Bowl CD or DVD ... `` Staying Power '' , `` Action This Day '' and `` Back Chat '' are actually powerful in raw form , unlike the techno vibe in the studio .
 Like all great Rock Groups who made several albums together Queen had some misfires . Hot Space is one such misfire . After the excellent The Game provided Queen with a major disco style hit in Another One Bites The Dust Queen decided they would make an album largly steeped in a Dance/Disco sound but the songs are not as good . This album fails with the exception of the songs that do not take this approach Life Is Real , Under Pressure , Los Polabras De Amor , Calling all Girls and Put Out The Fire .
 I am a big Queen fan , and this cd is their worst ever . Why they put it out instead of taking a sabbatical is beyond me ... The only decent songs are Under Presuure - even if the live versions tend to put the studio one to shame , and Put Out The Fire . Maybe Life Is Real could be saved from the bonfire as well . The partially Spanish-sung Las Palabras de Amor is pretty silly . I am Spanish but have always found appalling the knack of foreign artists to try and record in my language because the lyrics lose a lot and sound silly.All in all , do not buy this if you consider yourself a Queen fan , unless you 're the blind-faith kind , which is notrecommendable . You 'll find yourself cringing more often than not if you listen to it ...
 Queen is my favorite band . They are diverse , fun , cheeky , melodic , excellent showmen , and are pioneers in the art of recording and songwriting . `` Hot Space '' is the Queen album that gets the most mixed views . Your either the person who hates or dispises this , the person who loves it for what it is , or you just acknowlege that it is simply a chapter from Queens history that provided us with a # 1 hit and something else out of the ordinary ... Queen were riding high on the success of their runnaway hit `` Another One Bites The Dust '' when Freddie concieved the concept of putting out a funky R&B / Disco album . Queen have always been praised for their risk taking and diversity , and believe me you that this was definately a risk!In my opinion , I feel that this is the most unique queen output , but it is definately not the best they 've done . There are two factors that I feel contribute to why most people shun this album
 If you 're just getting into Queen 's music , then I would avoid this album if I were you . There 's a good reason Queen 's popularity went down the tubes in the US , and it 's called Hot Space . Hard to believe this album followed the smash hit The Game and preceded The Works , another strong album . But it did , proving that even the great rock bands slip up now and then.The best song on Hot Space is by far Under Pressure , the collaboration with David Bowie . That 's the only reason this album gets 2 stars in my rating . Staying Power is n't that great , but not terrible . Body Language is awful ; just a hard song to listen to . The other songs are just as bad.If you really want a Queen CD with Under Pressure on it , buy Classic Queen or one of the box sets . Avoid this album . You 'll be glad you did .
 The four-color Simon death nail in Queen 's career ... the album that 's so funky bad that it stinks up any enjoyment for this record ... is it one of the greatest train wreck albums in a great band 's history ... yes and no.As a Queen fan , I had open arms for Hot Space and liked it for what it was . Since it was done by one of my favorite bands and I know the rocky history of this project , but I just throw up my arms and had fun with it because I love this band so much . But time had to set in and over time Hot Space had to face a challenge that all albums have to face at some point , can it stand the musical test of time and the music gods took one look and said ... sorry.In a another universe , Hot Space might of have become the dance record it wanted to be , but due to whatever the problems the band was going through at the time , Hot Space ends up being a mix-up contrived project and from a band that knows better . I 'm not saying that the group could n't and should n't have made a straight-up dance record , but this was made from a band that was n't being themselves and where probably being cultural pressured at the time.When it comes to the dance/funk style ... Queen gets it and we heard parts of it before in past work , With Hot Space they understand the style , but they do n't know how to construct and deliver in a full dance/funk form . If there 's one thing that Queen ai n't , that is being James Brown or the Bee Gees . With there last album The Game , the band sure did know how to make a full-fledged pop album , so the odd question that comes to mind is `` why not repeat the same type of groove wining style that brought you here in the first place ' ? I might be asking for a Game 2 by saying this but The Game kept the band both rocky and funky and in the end they won . It 's too bad that songs like `` My baby dose me '' and `` The Invisible man '' from The Miracle where not made before Hot Space , since they would have been good blueprints for the real calling card of this album , that of the rock/dance style . In my mind , there 's only two songs that really get the funk feel , is Body Language & Cool Cat.The other flaw that makes the album feel out of wack is the type of rock/pop songs that are put on the album.Take `` Put out the fire '' or `` Life is real '' , the way they are constructed sound so awkward for a rock and pop song and it makes them even more awkward being on a album like Hot Space , with the exception of `` Las Palabras '' and `` Under Pressure '' , the non-dance songs are not well thought-up enough to be any good on there own . Some will point out the self-indulgent factor and two members of the band as reasons for making these rock cuts end up on the album , but keeping in mind the kind of album that wanted to be made in mind and keeping out anything influence from The Game , makes you understand my meaning of `` mixed-up contrived record '' . With all it 's flaws , more then anything Hot Space ended up being a wake-up call for the band and making them the rock band that there where before . Plus I will agree with others when fans say that Hot Space 's song sounded better live then on the album . I could see the potential in Queen to make a record that would make you dance , but in this case they went down the wrong road . There not a `` jump and jive to the ground '' kind of band , there a `` shake , rattle and roll '' band . But no matter what , Hot Space is a footnote in the band 's history and could been seen as a good album if it was done right.I would put this album last when it comes to my list as a fan , but I ca n't since there 's another Queen album that 's just as wack as Hot Space .
 Queen 's `` Hot space '' is very different from the classic and excellent albums from the 1970 's . The overall approach is more pop than rock . The opening `` Staying power '' is pop-disco with a pumping bass and some horns , and is kind of a declaration of what to expect this time from Queen . Regardless of musical style , Queen are so talented that they do it with class and quality whether it 's heavy metal or pop . On this album John Deacon 's bass plays a major role on the behalf on Bran May 's guitar and even if I would prefer a more guitar oriented album , Freddy Mercury sings as good as always . The melody and the groove is usually there and songs like `` Back chat '' are very good indeed . But of course there 's a couple of tunes I do n't think stand up to former heights . The closing number `` Under pressure '' is a duet with David Bowie and in regard of the other songs on this album it falls kind of natural .
 QUEEN could have got away with this piece of junk had UNDER PRESSURE not been in this disc . Why ? Because when you listen to that song you realize , by simple comparison , how bad all the other tunes are !!!!!! Even the ballads !!! Not to mention the dreadful opening track , STAYING POWER . THis album was an unsincere attempt by QUEEN to go disc and make some more money . Of course fans will say they `` tried a new approach '' , `` experimented some new ground '' ... -LRB- ... -RRB- THis is just a bad CD by a great band . There are hundreds of cases like that !!
 I really think the rest of the band do n't think much of this album . There are only three good songs here
 Calling ` Hot Space ' a misstep is like calling a fumble a mistake by the offense in football . The album is a dud , easily my least favorite of Queen 's studio output . That does n't mean it has no worth , it is Queen for god sakes , one of the greatest bands to walk the planet . Disco new wave is just not my cup of tea and judging by the way American audiences stayed away in droves , I 'm probably in the majority . ` Hot Space ' does contain `` Under Pressure '' which is undeniably a great song but that had appeared on the American version of ` Greatest Hits ' the previous year . The amazing success of ` The Game ' was the obvious inspiration to create a dance album with heavy new wave influence . Freddie and John brought the funk and disco while Roger supplied much of the new wave . Brian contributed the only traditional Queen rocker in `` Put out the Fire '' but this is nothing special , it sticks out for the fact that by song six , fans are starving for a rocker ! `` Las Palabras '' is a very good ballad in the Queen tradition but I mean that 's about it . Roger Taylor 's compositions were never to my tastes and he does nothing on ` Hot Space ' to change this - hate his new wave songs ! `` Body Language '' was the other hit where Freddie seems to indulge in his personal preferences . Anyone attacking Queen as a ` gay ' band would have plenty of ammo here . Homophobic , conservative America was n't the best market for Queen in the early ` 80 's and Queen stopped touring the US by the middle of the decade . ` Hot Space ' is for Queen fans only , and only for people who need every studio album ... otherwise rockers who love Queen , you may want to pass .
 Every good artist has an album that should have been taken out and shot.With Queen , it 's this one.Olly Buxton
 What happened in 1980 that made a lot of good bands turn sour ? Disco ! Queen was a victim of the times and perhaps a horrible identity crisis . While Body Language still pops up on greatest hits packages , that track is not enough to warrant buying this album . Stick with Queen 's 70 's releases .
 If you 're a Queen fan and you need a complete collection , or if you must have an original recording of `` Under Pressure '' -LRB- the only listenable song on the CD -RRB- , then go ahead and buy it . But the rest of `` Hot Space '' is so completely awful , so completely un-Queen , that it makes you wonder if it was an intentional joke , as the early tracks on `` A Night at the Opera '' were . If you do n't fit into one of the two categories listed above , avoid at all costs .
 Hot Space is not only Queen 's worst album -LRB- I 'm leaving out their contribution to Flash Gordon -RRB- but may be one of the worst of all time . From the first notes of Staying Power , one wants to ring up Brian May and ask him , `` Dear god WHAT were you thinking ? Did someone put a gun to your head and make you record this awful formulated music ? '' Queen is one of my all-time favorite rock bands , but to hear them playing dance music like performing monkeys is torture to me . The first five songs are truly awful -LRB- horns on a Queen song ?? -RRB- . This is the new funky Queen . Freddie Mercury is `` Calling All Girls '' ? Please ! The second half has some nice rock and roll tunes , as if they woke up from their haze . `` Under Pressure '' with David Bowie is one of a kind . `` Life Is Real -LRB- Song for Lennon -RRB- '' is surprisingly touching . But even these do n't make up for an attempt by Queen to apparently ride the success of `` Another One Bites the Dust '' by turning up the funk levels to 11 . Be afaid , be very afraid .
 I do not know what I expected , however , after seeing this duet on TV , I was disappointed with their recording . Maybe it is just me , but I found nothing memorable here . I was bummed .
 I do n't know quite what to make of this album , or how to determine what part of it is her , what part is people she has known , and what part is people she has seen at a distance . But one thing is certain , it is all filtered through a suppressed anger which transforms the stories in these songs into dirges with very little color or light.Her vocal method of delivery here is a closed-throat , closed-mouth drone that is unnecessary . She has a good voice but wo n't let it shine because she does n't trust her lyrics alone to reach the listener and leave their mark . She is the real loser in Bittertown because she has n't accepted and moved on .
 While this album is n't bad , several of the songs also exist on the Everything I Need album . I own both and in my opinion , the Everything I Need versions of these songs are much better .
 It is curious to read many of the more favourable reviews of this collection . Discounting the possibility we may be listening to different music , I find their glowing recommendations at best puzzling , and at worst downright dangerous.I am fortunate not to own this CD ; instead I borrowed it from a friend , curious to hear Barenboim 's interpretation of Mozart , as I own his Beethoven Sonatas cycle . Before commenting on the Mozart sonatas , I have nothing against Barenboim ; he is n't my favourite pianist but I consider his Beethoven playing and much of his conducting good and solid.However , a Mozart player he is not . I do not think Barenboim to be that dense as to approach Mozart in the same way as he would Beethoven , but the mental process that instructs one that Mozart requires balance , incredible lightness , wry humour , and a profound sense of musical phrasing has not travelled from the pianist 's brain to his fingers . The execution of the notes themselves , as one would expect , is clean and satisfying . However , the fact that notes are present and correct does n't excuse some of Barenboim 's horrible howlers . The most bombastic thing that strikes one on first hearing is the simple heaviness of it all . I do n't think he is here helped by the studio piano - to me it sounds very weighty , meaty and all together not ` tinkly ' enough . I know it may sound clich&eacute; to want one 's Mozart light and bright , but I do n't even think that Barenboim has gone consciously in the opposite direction . I believe this CD is just a case of plain old unmusical playing.There are ugly , jarring notes in the middle of phrases , over-accented swells of sound that should rise and fall sweetly - instead one flinches at how loud and obnoxious the piano sounds . Alberti bass and octave patterns come out domineering , unison in left and right clammers out
 On the Road is one of the greatest novels ever written and its manuscript is little short of an icon
 After listening and falling in love with recordings by Richter , I went back and re-listened to Barenboim 's version ... I could n't recognize the piece . None of the phrasing and feeling . The beauty and feeling was completely stripped away , leaving only the notes ...
 I give this collection of sonatas only two stars because the way they were recorded only allows two fifths of them to play on my Bose . I returned them once , received a quick replacement - the same . Most of them have to be played in the car . Also , I believe Barenboim plays some of the sonatas too fast - just because he can .
 I have been a fan of R. Kelly for a long time and when I heard that TP-2 was coming out , I could not wait , especially after hearing the remarkable `` I Wish '' and `` To the Homies That We Lost '' . At first it seemed like this was going to be a great album with the interesting arrangement of `` Strip For You '' , but I was dissapointed by the next five tracks since they were quite mediocre and overly repetitious . Many critics have said the R. Kelly is a little repetitive , but I never really agreed until hearing these songs . `` Fiesta was nice '' , the guitar a little remeniscent of `` Did You Ever Think '' for `` R '' . `` The Real R. Kelly '' was funny at first but not enough to save the somewhat boring `` One Me '' . At last we came to a nice stretch `` I Wish '' , `` I Decided '' , `` To The Homies That We Lost '' , `` All I Really Want '' , `` Feelin ' On Yo Booty '' and `` The Storm Is Over '' . Sadly these tracks are still not enough to save this album . Even the photography of a more thuggish-looking R. Kelly were no way as good as the classy material used in the `` R '' liner notes . On another note , I read recently a review by someone saying that R Kelly 's on a downward spiral into thuggery . I feel that R always had that thug persona bubbling at the surface and I feel that it should not interfere with his music , but if I discovered that it is the cause of this mediocre album , I would be most disappointed.Honestly , I would recommend that you do NOT buy this album and instead invest in `` R '' . It has a much better mix and of a higher class . `` R '' is still one of my favourite albums after many years of listening . If you really like the singles such as I Wish and Feelin ' On Yo Booty -LRB- really good remix -RRB- purchase them instead and ignore this album . That may give R the message that he should rethink his strategy .
 R Kelly actually got me into listening to cool romantic melodious black music . His past albums followed a style typical to only him . However TP-2 . com got me wondering whether he is losing touch to his unique style or whether he is just trying to prove he can also do what others are doing . Either way , it is a pity because the album did n't reflect his identity . It is not a CD worth buying even if you are a fanatic fan of R Kelly .
 This is a very disappointing release . I 'm sure R. Kelly worked hard on this release , but the lack of content of the songs written on this album is disturbing . The production , while clear , is uninspiring . `` I Wish '' is the only gem on this album.This effort is reminisent of the 1994 album 12 Play . However , 12 Play -LRB- 94 ' -RRB- release is loaded with heavy bass and catchy tunes . TP-2 . com is an album for the `` fans '' . Unfortunately , fans are willing to accept anything these day . After the 1998 release `` R '' , Kelly showed everyone that he is a skilled songwritter and producer . TP-2 . com leaves you with one question , what happened between to Kelly ?
 This was typical of what happens when a talented young artist gives up ! The songs are all fluff with no substance . He just talks about getting some -LRB- Wow what a new concept -RRB- This was pure cookie cutter Music . Shame on you Kelly
 ... I liked `` 12 Play '' , but since then Kelly 's gone down hill , his sound is radio saturated , he needs have a different sound or something else ... maybe a different producer , some other songwriters or sompin ' -- I ai n't kidding either . Maybe a trip to Kathmandu or Tibet will help . I thought that the single was alright , but this leaves a lot to be desired especially that Cheesy `` Strip for You '' . Pul-leeze . Just buy a replacement `` 12-Play '' CD ...
 R kelly 's carrer is full of contradictions . On one song he 's singing about how good GOD is , then the next song he 's Feeling on ya Boody . R kelly has so much potential to be a respectful artist . But if he continues on the corse he is now , the qualtiy of his character will continue to be decline along with his music .
 There is a lyric in one of R.Kelly 's songs that goes `` What does it profit a man to gain the world and lose his soul '' -LRB- How ironic -RRB- There is no doubt that this cd will go platinum . It contains all the cliche 's , all the typical sex , money , and stereotypical lyrics that too many young gifted artist give in to . My question is where is the substance ? How many times do we have to hear how many different ways there are to have sex . I think R.Kelly is extremely talented but he is selling himself short with this garbage . How I long for the days when R & b artist put out material that was thought provoking and original .
 Another bad album by the Pete Townsend of R&B . If you love R&B , then you 'll probably dig this ... but for me , R&B has no place in my album collection , especially an R&B album by a child molester . I gave him 2 stars cuz he 's a good singer .
 What has happened to R.Kelly ? Too many collaborations with guest rappers , perhaps?How tiring it is to see yet ANOTHER young talent waste it on singing nothing but soft porn dressed up and masquerading as `` sensitive '' love songs.This album is a far cry from his second , which although had switched focus from the bedroom to the dance floor , at least contained some innovative future funk , and slinky friday night beats.While by now we are all familiar with Kelly 's over-the-top , self-indulgent style , his last two albums have gone far even by his standars - this album seems to want to go in 10 directions all at once with no clear focus . One second he talks of bit ** es and h * 's , and in the next breath they become his ladies . One minute he 's a shy boy calling mama for direction in life , and the next he 's a thug who 's only concern is a `` bling , bling '' lifestyle.Kelly gets two stars only because of his showing his potential in earlier works , and his excellent work as a producer . But please , Kelly , stop throwing `` hundreds up for grabs '' and use the money to buy yourself a songwriter : -RRB-
 FIRST OFF , let me say that I am not a big R. Kelly fan , so all you devotees out there can skip my review . When R. Kelly first came on the scene , I was in a whole different music listening group -LRB- born before 1970 -RRB- and therefore I listened to his songs on the radio with mild interest.Some songs really caught both my ear and my heart -LRB- I Believe I can Fly , I Wish -RRB- . Others made me wonder if this man had any children -LRB- all his sex laden , knockin ' boots songs -RRB- . But always , I knew I had a choice of supporting his efforts -LRB- buying the CD -RRB- or not -LRB- not buying his CD 's -RRB- . Well , nearly a decade after he hit I decided to buy . Why ? Because I kept on hearing this song on all my local radio stations and there was a hook ` playa 's got to play , balla 's got to ball ' that had me singing along everytime I heard it.Knowing how much of a fan I was n't and without actually knowing the name of that song , I went to my local record store in search of the single release , hoping I could find out the name and get the song for a few bucks . Needless the say the store clerk did not have any single cd release for R. Kelly and even as I stood at the counter singing the hook , she did n't know what song it was . She suggested I call the radio stations when I heard it , but I decided to ask my niece -LRB- she 's 17 -RRB- . When she told me the name of the song ` Feeling on Yo Booty ' , I found myself ashamed for even liking it , but like I said , that hook ... So I went back to the record store , scanned the titles on the CD and saw that it most of the titles suggested getting sex or having sex . But I was getting ready to make a personal tape and despite my reservations , I wanted ` Feeling On Yo Booty ' as one of those songs . I loved the ` hook ' that much . So I purchased it.Before I played a single cut , I read the available lyrics . With young children I had to make certain that the songs were clean enough for my 9 year old to hear . I found two
 R Kelly it seems has gone from a super producer and good singer to an arrogant , wan na be thug . This guy really trips me out . He sings a song about feeling on a girl 's butt . How immature is that ? 12 play , although very sensual ... Was good . To see him regress like this is pretty ... ! To see all of these garbage collaborations with whack hip-hoppers like Jay Z is equally ... ! This guy has not evolved , but has dissolved . A once good singer has completely done a 180 !
 YOU KNOW SOMETIME HIS MUSIC ALL SOUNDS THE SAME . DO N'T GET ME WRONG HE IS VERY VERY TALENTED BUT THIS CD JUST REALLY DOES NOTHING 4 ME IT SOUNDS LIKE SOMTHING THAT HE HAS DO BEFORE HE JUST REMASTERD IT . TRY AGAIN KELLY BECAUSE YOU DID NOT PULL THE SHEETS OVER MY HEAD WITH THIS ONE .
 What a disappointment ! The brass section was in these recordings in very bad condition . In that period Jochum recorded Beethoven with the London Symphony and Brahms with the London Philharmonic.I know many readers will blame me but I really think that it would have been much better to record Bruckner with one of these orchestras . This set has many fans between those who have no basis of comparison and praise this cheap but poor issue as a milestone of the discography . I have to say that to my ears is unbearable to hear Bruckner , who needs an organ-like brass section , played with such a strained brass sound and with so many grotesque flops -LRB- in a studio recording ! -RRB- I like Jochum 's fervour too , but his intentions where impossible to realize for evident technical limitations . The sound of the trumpets is very strained since the first bars of every symphony . Take the climax of the first movement of the 8th , where the trumpets sound terribly strained and out of tune . The first movement of the 6th where the trumpets are exposed is disastrous , the final bars of the 8th are full of enthusiasm but the brass are forced to die . The climax of the adagio of the 7th is reached with effort and the sublime following bars close to the coda , dedicated do Wagner , are again spoiled by clumsy trumpets . Sadly the list of examples would be overlong , everywhere there are trumpets flaws . With adequate trumpets the 5th could have been a magnificent recording , thanks to Jochum 's grand and poetical vision -LRB- how beautiful are the introduction to the first movement , the development , and the entire second movement ! The strings are dreamy -RRB- . According to my opinion , the Staatskapelle Dresden gloriously sounding in almost all the romantic repertoire , with superb strings , sadly had not a brass section in condition to play Bruckner safely at the time of these recordings . Jochum is very intense , even more than in his first cycle , but the technical problems of the brass destroy many of the beautiful moments he tried to create , and his demanding crescendos and stringendos are realized with embarassing efforts . The recorded sound is also quite unattractive . Between the sets of Bruckner symphonies , let alone the legendary 3-9 Celibidache/Emi , I find excellent the 3 cycles recorded by Asahina , an impressive recent issue is with Paternostro -LRB- Antes -RRB- - despite a few serious orchestral mistakes -LRB- but these are live recordings -RRB- it is a successful cycle , in opulent sound , with a wonderful 8th - . Chailly 's set is also fine , very well played and recorded.The set of the young Haitink for Philips is after around 50 years still highly raccomandable . But if you are also interested in separate Bruckner cds , there are many successful recordings with Giulini , Wand , Haitink . It is interesting for me to make a comparison with the magnificent recordings of Sinopoli and the same orchestra of Jochum-Emi 20 years later in a much better form and particularly with Haitink 's majestic 8th Hass ed . - issued in 2009 by Profil - a 2002 live recording , with splendid Dresden brass , sounding as glorious as the strings ! The actual condition of Dresden is superb , incomparable with that of the time of Jochum 's recording . Regarding Jochum , run to buy his marvellous live recordings in Japan -LRB- Altus -RRB-
 Bruckner is a Germanic phenomenon . Be it subconsciously or otherwise , he embodied many of the yearnings of his zeitgeist
 I have mixed feelings about writing a negative review of this set - it 's obviously a sincere effort . But there is a great deal more to Bruckner than what Tintner offers here . So let 's take a brief look at each symphony , the `` versions '' available , and some other performances of greater distinction . Tintner does have good moments
 The EMI box set of Bruckner symphonies conducted by Jochum receives a lot of praise , and , due to its very low price -LRB- at time of writing -RRB- , is a first choice for listeners who are just beginning to get into Bruckner . These new listeners , having little basis for comparison , add their own praises , and so the cycle continues . An incautious purchaser might really believe that they are buying `` the best of the best '' for only $ -LSB- price -RSB- . Well , perhaps , in their case , they might be . After all , once we can take technical competence for granted , we can only really argue based on our personal tastes . Can Jochum 's -LRB- or anyone 's -RRB- performances _ objectively _ be called `` the best '' ? No.Though you 'd hardly know it from the reviews below , not everyone rates Jochum at the top of Bruckner interpreters , and even if they do , they may not rate these recordings as representing his best work . My own feeling is that Jochum is a terrible Bruckner conductor
 Not great ... I like these guys but this disk not all that good . I know very early stuff - but still not great .
 Listening through this survey of the Bach organ works is frustrating . It is by far the worst recorded of those available , regardless of age . In the case of familiar much recorded historical instruments such as the magnificent Freiberg Silbermann organ , it is easy to compare . I suspect it is uninspired placement of microphones that often renders the sound muddy and distant . Jacob sometimes sounds very matter of fact and occasionally downright bad . It is a sloppy production in general , for instance , on Disk 11 track 10 is not the fugue of BWV 545 , it is the Largo of the Trio Sonata V ! This recording should not be anyone 's first choice for the repertory .
 Well let 's start with Alagna 's darkened voice . I think Roberto may be developing Carreras-Itis . This is cartainly a different sounding Roberto Alagna that I have ever heard . His middle is muddy and his top does n't ring like in the past . I like the selection of songs including a song he wrote for this album . Not all the arrangements are tradtional -LRB- some even being on the ridiculous side -RRB- and maybe this makes his efforts a little tainted . In the liner notes Roberto comments on his approach to some of the songs . He admits he tries to sound like a pop singer -LRB- i.e. White Christmas-what a butcher job -RRB- . On other songs he was a tenor . Even that does n't add up to much . Tenor fans and Alagna fans will be very disappointed with his singing . I was . This album will let him iclude himself as one of the elading tenors in the post Domingo/Pavarotti / and Carreras era . His Sacred Aria album is much better than this one .
 This is John Williams , the guitarist . There is no way anyone listening to this would ever confuse this with John Williams , the composer and conductor , unless all the other music someone listens to is Rock and other music to grow pimples by .
 I 've a number of Deuter 's CDs -LRB- had several as LPs back in the 80 's -RRB- . But due to this one being rather early in his development , it seems too abrasive in terms of the timbral choices he 's made for the non-acoustic instruments , and maybe even too much for the acoustic ones . It conveys not `` Silence '' as any kind of metaphor , but rather angst . It is not a relaxing album despite the rather useless reviews that most people give to Deuter . It helps no one to tell us that you `` love '' a recording , or that it `` gives me spiritual vibrations '' or such phrases . Back in Frosh . English in college we all learned such writing evades the important qualities and reasons of a description . If you wish to say that music is `` divinely inspired '' you need to know what that means . It means a person is filled with God . And this is never something that can be discerned by other humans . Better to say that the music is more quiet than loud , slow in tempo , uses primarily bell-like timbres , with much repetition of chord progressions , simple diatonic/modal melodies ... and in the case of Deuter 's best works , has some kind of integrity of overall structure , i.e. a plan which directs the music forward -LRB- this is much more difficult to elucidate , without doubt ... even for a music professional . -RRB- Good composers , just like great architects , must plan meticulously the moment and the overall contour of a work , in order to keep the musical organism 's roof from falling in.In any case , the first CD of the two-CD album , begins with a rather nice mostly acoustic piece -LRB- by the way , Deuter is a fine musician when he plays guitar , flutes , and even his recent koto 's ... but immensely well-done is his Shakuhachi playing on Koyasan album , which is one of his best . -RRB- But the remainder of the cuts regrettably sound like undergraduate pieces for synthesizers back in the 1970 's ... vague in shape and full of hard-edged timbral envelopes , hence not a very appetizing group of pieces . The second CD has several movements that are more to the liking of the new age tastes I would guess.So , I do n't rate this effort highly , though I had hoped I could , because I respect Deuter as a craftsman of sound , sometimes as a composer also . In his mature works , he is an outstanding player and sound technician . His best music serves good purposes for many people I think . But also , he needs to lose the `` touchy-feely '' distracting titles like `` Shamanic Healing '' -LRB- from his Reiki Hands of Light album -RRB- . Yikes , better to name it `` Valium '' .
 The music on this CD was not what I thought it would be . It might appeal to some tastes but to me it was primitive and not pleasant for listening . I returned the CD .
 Zero . That 's how many stars this gets . Why ? There is a ream of evidence suggesting that this entire EP was taken from draft to final cut in one ... afternoon ... . I previewed `` Baby 's Got a Temper '' ... The wonderfully creative lyrics play out again and again
 This single , and most likely -LRB- though it saddens me to say it -RRB- the album from which it originates -LSB- Always Outmanned ... -RSB- , is dissapointing . This statement is only for those who love Experience and feel that the Prodigy peaked with Music For the Gilted Generation -- folks who were introduced to the Prodigy via Fat of the Land will probably love it . It 's got plenty of ... slurred `` singing '' by Keith Flint and mediocre beats that compliment it very well . I 've been waiting many years for signs of a return to the powerful , compelling , and complex beats of old , and it looks like I might have to just give up . My catalogue of 15 + Prodigy lps and eps might not be getting any new friends any time soon .
 Maybe it 's because I 've been listening to the energetic and inspired electronic music of german industrial/EBM for the past few years . Or perhaps it 's just Prodigy did not put enough effort into this release . Whatever the reason , I ca n't recommend this single ... Baby 's Got A Temper just does not catch the attention of my ears . In ways it does mimic the style of a few of Prodigy 's past songs with the break beats and repeating synth lines , but it just ca n't match the magic of their former hits like Breathe and Firestarter . The remixes of Baby 's Got A Temper are not really that much to look forward to on this single either . Even die-hard Prodigy fans should find somewhere to listen to this single first before buying it . Hopefully Prodigy 's upcoming album will incorporate some more inspired songs for redemption from this lackluster single .
 The below reviews make me wonder if they heard the same song I did . Five years since their international smash `` The Fat of the Land , '' electronic punkers Prodigy return with `` Baby 's Got a Temper , '' a curiously muted comeback of a single . Though not awful , the beats and groove sound very 1997 ; a mid-tempo dance rocker with no surprises . I ca n't pinpoint what else is wrong with this single , but it looks like it could use a serious remix or maybe more production . The good news is that the band announced that their next album wo n't be around until early 2003 , giving Prodigy ample time to beef up their sound and come up with better material than this .
 Wow . Remember way , way back in 1997 when Prodigy released Fat of the Land and people thought that `` electronica '' would sweep the nation?No ? Well , this single will bring you back , since it sounds like it came off the cutting room floor of that album.Apparently Baby 's Got a Temper was released to fulfill some record company obligation or other . I believe it , too . A long silence from this somewhat questionable `` band '' , the song offers nothing new or interesting.Prodigy is basically one man , Liam Howlett , who is all of the talent behind the act . The rest of the cast are just there to sing and dance and be there . But the music -LRB- this is really just big beat techno -RRB- is sometimes fused with the rasping voice of Keith Flint -LRB- you know , the guy with makeup and spikes on his head -RRB- who sings about rohypnol on this song . And people wanted to make a stink.Don ' t bother . This single came and went . Perhaps The Prodigy will release a new album , although outside of their home UK they will most likely fight a very steep uphill battle to be relevant anymore.So it 's basically a one-off single and some mixes . Really recommended to Prodigy fans who want to hear it all , but this is blatant MP3 material .
 This song was ok , but if that is what the whole album will sound like I will be pissed . They take a five year break and come up with this for a first single ? Considering the time they have had , this song is a disgrace . I am thankful for the instrumental version cuz Keiths singing in it ruins the whole thing .
 This is a band that i have mixed feelings about as im sure alot of other people do . Soad actracts alot of people with their unorthodox style , but i think they will fail in trying to put a human face on their musik . I like the choppy beats and riffs mixed with a whole bunch of other -LSB- stuff -RSB- , but the more they try to shove their politics down other people 's throats the more i cant stand them . If your a kid who just likes some hardcore pop rock that is a bit more edgy then alot of the mainstream pop out there then youll love this album for a long time , but if you are looking for a band with skill that will constantly supply you with fresher musik then youll be dissapointed . I think that overall system of a down is a bunch of off beat losers who stylishly substitute awkwardness for musical ability . This band has alot of potential that is sufficated by an overall negative anti-american message that im sure most people do n't catch . This is a group that needs to focus less on making things seem hardcore and humane at the sametime and just use the natural sound they have to progress their style into something more simple . Songs like '' Deer Dance '' are an example of what they can accomplish if they stop acting like bad speed metal imitators .
 System of a Down 's debut album seemed hopeful . An unique sociopolitical hardcore album with a bit of room for improvement . Unfortunatly the improvement never came . The follow up album , Toxicity , contains a few singles and simple filler tracks . The political lyrics suggested by the band title have been toned down -LRB- probably to broaden the audience -RRB- as well as the rock . Very disappointing .
 Well I do like the music for the most part , it 's well thought out in places . However what drives me nuts about this cd is that I do n't think the band as a whole can think of more than 5 words per song . I mean come on , I mean come on , I mean come on I mean come on . See , that drove you nuts and so will this cd after a few listens . They constantly say the same thing over and over again . A note to System boys , PLEASE WRITE MORE LYRICS WITH YOUR SONGS !!!!!!!! . The music rocks and the production is very good , just write some more meaningful lyrics please !! 2 Stars may be a bit tough I 'll admit , but these guys have something here and they should really try and explore it a bit more on the lyrics side of things as it would truly be awesome then . I 'm sure they could tweak it a bit without losing the humor that really is System 's secret weapon .
 This is just terrible ... I bought the CD after hearing `` Chop Suey '' and `` Aerials '' over and over and over again on the radio and thinking that maybe this band had grown up a little bit . But no , it 's still mostly pointless thrash to even more pointless lyrics . A few bright spots shine through - `` Atwa '' and `` Toxicity '' actually have melodies , which is a welcome departure from the noise that permeates the rest of the album.I guess it 's rough being a heavy metal kid these days . I mean , Tool is practically the only decent band out there , and they do n't exactly put out zillions of albums . But there 's got ta be something better than Korn and System of a Down , yeesh .
 I love soad and I was really looking forward to the followup . I heard chop suey on the radio and I got it the same week it came out . While the songs are very well written , it lacks the flow and the energy from the first album . Perhaps I had listened to the debut a bit too much , but I felt they took a little too much time with this one .
 Some things in life just rub you the wrong way . Like System of a Down . Massively popular as well as a critical darling -LRB- rare for a nu metal group -RRB- , Toxicity was considered one of the better albums of last year . Released on 9/11 -LRB- ironic given the band 's politics are just a tad left of center -RRB- , it was seen as both prophetic and mournful , an album soaked with political rage and musical `` disorder , '' as the title track aptly puts it.But even with all those accolades and signs of musical substance , it 's hard to see Toxicity as anything other than a grating , awful album . System ditches any sense of melody for bug chunks of operatic riffage that shift at any given moment . Transitions are non-existent in order to unsettle the listener . But rather than disturbing you , the album generally irritates you to death . Lead singer Serj Tankian does n't help . He 's either playing the dramatic tenor , or barking at you in rough staccato beats that make your eardrums beg for mercy -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . Are System 's politics original ? Kind of , but like any other nu metal band , when you put angry lyrics and angrier music together haphazardly , the results are boring or , in this case , profoundly agitating . Unlike their closest relatives , Rage Against the Machine , System seems more obsessed with the components of their songs than with the songs as a whole . The result are songs like `` Aerials . '' If you 've heard it -LRB- and given that it 's played on radio every five seconds , you probably have -RRB- , you 'll notice how hard System tries to make the song overly , ridiculously dramatic . From the rhythm section -LRB- which could be mistaken for your local construction project -RRB- , to the guitars -LRB- POWER ! POWER ! POWER ! -RRB- , to the vocals -LRB- `` Look at my range ! '' -RRB- , everything on the album is so far overdone that it ca n't even be considered humorous . Other songs like the title track , `` Chop Suey ! '' and `` Psycho , '' so clearly try to unsettle you , but are more likely to have you diving for the Stop button . There 's no melody to be found here . No hooks . And worst of all , no ideas . This is a band that takes itself far too seriously , and here is the tangible result . It 's the most overhyped album in a long time , and easily 2001 's worst .
 I have to say that this album is exemplary of the kind of new `` nu-metal '' fallout that another rung lower to hell from where Nirvana started us out in the early 90 's . And just as with Kirk Cokebrain and his tripe angst , `` SOAD '' and their unforgivably rotten lead singer now try to seem relevant and , even worse , intelligent with their rambling , incoherent , nonsensical pop-socio-babble . I used to work in a car shop , and the guy in the bay next to me used to play SOAD all the time . And do you know what happened when I heard it for the first time ? I laughed at it . I was literally laughing because it was so bad it was funny . I could n't believe that this had made it past a producer , a recording studio , and studio executives to actually make it onto the market . It 's a horrible sign that this kind of garbage is available to buy as `` music . '' For a while I was actually mystified as to how this could be , but after thinking about it , I think I know why.The only reason something like this could make it onto the shelves would be because they felt there was a market for this . With such a lack of musical and lyrical value , the only reason this would land in the stores would be because someone would have enough bad taste to buy it . But guess what , there are people with enough bad taste , and they are kids , ages 13-19 . Listen up kids , the fact that the record companies push this stuff on you is because they do n't respect you . But guess what ? You do n't deserve respect because you do n't know good music when you hear it . And I do n't know if it 's because no one has taken the time to educate you , or try and turn you onto good music , but you have obviously forfeited the right to good taste and respectibility . Please , do yourself a favor , have some respect for yourselves . Quit pandering to these millionaire execs who think so low of you as to drop crap like this on you and expect you to buy it . Show them you are an individual who thinks for him/herself . Go get some good music , start listening to Bach , Mozart , Rachmaninoff , Vivaldi , etc. . Go listen to Led Zeppelin , Rolling Stones , Cream , Clapton , Jeff Beck , Aerosmith , Janis Joplin , U2 , Guns N ' Roses , Bob Seger , Tom freaking Petty . Go get some Metallica , Megadeth , Slayer , Iron Maiden , Ozzy Osbourne , COC , Sepultura , etc. . Or at least try to discover something different than what everyone else is buying and stop being a lemming . Reclaim your freaking identity.Update on Sept. 13
 In this pathetic excuse of a cd and this band is nothing more than a public enemy/RATM -LRB- Which I Do n't like either except their first album -RRB- , Rip-Off without the honest truth of the worldIf this band is against america , then play someplace elseDull and uninspired.Nu Metal is Garbage
 uummmm this is disturbingly bad . This music is what you find in 10 year old bratty kids ' rooms along with other loser bands like Linkin Park , Limp Bizzkit , and Green Day.It makes me laugh every time i see SOAD labeled as rock/hard rock . I dont think so . They are nu-metal mixed with some weird Arabic rapping . If you want hard rock get some Alice In Chains.The only ok song is Toxicity . At least they sing and dont try to sound Arabic.So if you like Linkin Park , Limp Bizzkit , and even 50 Cent you might like this . If you like ANY kind of rock you 'll probably hate this .
 Ok Here s how the story goes.The day was March 28 1995 five guys ... Mike Patton , Jim Martin , Mike Bordin , Roddy Bottum & Billy Gould came out with an album called `` King For A Day , Fool For A Lifetime '' . These guys were also known as Faith No More.Off that album was a certain song titled `` The Gentle Art Of Making Enemies '' A track which was nothing but pure originality and blew everything in its path it was something never done nor heard before.That was BRILLIANT . 3 years down the line a band comes along called System of a Dump ... sorry down ... and they decide ok lets make an album rip off a few riffs from here and there and no one will know.So what we have here is 3 albums ripped off from this one Faith No More song ... unbelivable ... no ones gon na belive me ... so listen for u r self.Everything that soad do from the guitars to the vocals is just ripped off that one song and they ve actually made 3 albums.So what we get is Serj whatever singing bout the armenian genocide like no one would notice he s ripping off The Brilliant Mike Patton.Get a life people listen to good music not this worthless piece of s ** t.Long Live Faith No More . Also if u feel there is any variation in this soad album yea that comes from another song `` Cuckoo For Caca '' .
 One of the worst collection of sounds ever slopped onto a disc . Utterly terrible .
 Never received this item and no response when I emailed this person . I have put in for a refund.Laurie
 The order was never shipped out . I contacted the seller a week after the cd was supposed to ship and have yet to receive a response .
 A faint excuse for hard rock , in any case , would surpass System of a Down 's awful music , and their CD `` Toxicity '' is no exception . The song that is the CD 's namesake has no identifiable beat . Chop Suey is half-assed . Half of the remaining songs are worth little . There is not a track on Toxicity that is worth anyone 's time . System of a Down , a bad band in any case , has not had much luck in displaying their apparently quasi-mystical musical talent , and it remains to be seen how anyone can enjoy System of a Down 's music-that which lacks tone , feeling , or any sense of emotion .
 I could bet a lot , that all those 5-star ratings to this album are written by -LRB- you-know-who -RRB- staff!This album is really weak , believe me . It 's incredibly weak ! The melodies are in a weird arabic -LRB- wrong orientation nowadays , after 9.11 -RRB- style , the lyrics are utterly meaningless , solos are non-existant , guitar melodies are really primitive and the singer has one of the worst voices I have ever heard with this stupid accent , that he purposely stresses in every song . Besides that , all the songs are prolonged as possible , just to cover those poor 40 + mins of the album with one of the worst cases of hardcore.It 's NOT worth a buy , really ! The whole album leaves a sense of a group that have hurried their release , just to scrapp of some money on it .
 The first time I listened to this album I was thoroughly disgusted . Repeated listens did nothing to endear me to it.This album basically sounds like it was written by a band that listened to `` System of a Down '' and thrashed out a really bad rip-off of it . Get the band 's self-titled album and avoid this piece of garbage .
 If I could I would give this zero stars . But I ca n't so I will only give it one . This band is call metal . What 's so metal about them ? Have people you lsiten to them heard a really metal band ? A really metal band puts far more into there music then this . I ca n't stand Nu-Metal .
 This band suck and all 2 of their albums suck . Anyone who can tolerate this garbage for longer than 5 minutes deserves a free copy of evanesence . -LRB- a band right on par with this joke of a group -RRB- . People who listen to this are going to be emabarassed two years from now when people finally realize that it is all pretty unlistenable . . I just ca n't believe there are people out there listening to this and actually saying `` Yeah , man . . This Rocks . This is great music ! '' Thanks . THere is no flow to the music and the singer sounds like Beavis freaking out . For true genius and great songwriting , look no further than The Brian Jonestown Massacre .
 I can only imagine two things
 I bought this when it came out because of all the hype , I really had n't heard them on the radio as yet . After one listen I was disappointed ... and two listens I was pissed ... after 3 listens I wanted my money back . The lead singer has got one of the worst , off key voices I 've ever heard . The instrumentation is far superior over the vocals . I do n't get why this band is so popular but to each his own .
 Aerials Forest and posibly Toxicity and Chop Suey Those are the good songs on the album . Prison Song is ok the first time you hear it but eventually it gets annoying and lets not even get into the atrotcity that are `` Jet Pilot '' `` Phsyco '' `` X '' and `` bounce '' To sum it up in one word Over hyped
 Have heard this band alternately referred to as , System Of A Downs Syndrome . no comment . save your money.To make up for the mistake , in case you already bought it , , try The Disco Biscuits . A pleasant surprise ! ~ ! ~
 Do n't buy into the `` coolest album '' reviews , if you are into something heavy . I was referred to this group thanks to their advertised proximity to Slipknot 's death-metal grind-core . I also heard `` Chop Suey '' on the TV.You can imagine my disappointment , when niether of the songs on the album , was as impressive as `` Chop Suey '' , nor System of a Down 's overall style corresponded with my expectations for it to be some death-metal hardcore.Basically , the songs are not that bad , but ONLY if you 're into rock , or some oriental , armenian-arabic mix with horrible and meaningless lyrics and a blend of music styles . However , if you 're looking for something heavy and killer , I 'd say it 's best to go for either Slipknot 's `` IOWA '' or Slayer 's `` God Hates Us All '' , and leave this album to kindergarden rocker-kiddies .
 This kind of `` music '' is just annoying to my ears . Please , go listen to some Metallica , Megadeth , Pantera , Sepultura or Slayer ... NU METAL -LSB- stinks -RSB-
 Listin to The velvet underground 's Murder Mystery and then listen to chop suey . You can not tell me they did n't rip that intro from the velvets.I Dont care about this CD I just felt like saying that they ripped the velvet underground 's murder mystery off .
 ... musically at least . Sometimes I just ca n't get behind a group or album that has merit because something stupid or irritating sticks out like a sore thumb . Thus I will never give Travis , Mr. Big , Mr. Mister or Uncle Kracker a chance because I do n't want such stupid band names in my collection . I almost rejected Korn outright because of their lame name . Gee , might as well call your band `` Carrots '' or `` Broccholi . `` SOAD can rock , no question . Some of their earlier stuff is good , well mostly the insane-sounding `` Sugar '' is great . But this album has such gratingly , embarrassingly bad lyrics I have to turn it off . `` Life is a waterfall / We drink from the river / Then turn around and build up the wall ? '' ... `` Always wan na win but you never wan na lose ? '' - DUH !!!! Sorry , this music is for pinheads .
 Look , I 'll be honest
 Like all nu metal , this album is weak and stupid . The lyrics are dumb , and the stupid singer is yellin ' like some sort of a maniac . There are a couple of okay songs that save this from being a one star album , but a word of warning to metal newbies
 I wanted to like it . Really , I did.It 's like somebody took Crowbar , Tool , Cake , Rage Against the Machine and Primus , wadded it all up into one big ball and threw the thing against the wall.This CD has it 's moments , but it 's as if they 're just trying a little too hard to be cool , to be `` left of center '' , to be lyrically and musically clever.I do n't often regret buying a CD , but I really do regret this purchase . There 's better stuff out there in this genre . If you 're on the fence , do n't spend your dough on this dog . If you act fast , my copy will be on Ebay . Bidding starts at one cent .
 I may have enjoyed this album , had i been 14 years old or deaf . Strangely enough i listen to new and old metal but there is somethin about this band i dont like , # 1 his voice is very annoying from the get go , where are they going with this garbage.Its been awhile since weve seen some fresh new metal/music that is decent and i have a feeling something is coming cause if it isnt , i dont think this genre will be pop much longer .
 i was wanting to buy this cd but im glad i diddnt i burned it from my cousins . After hearing toxicity and chop suey the rest of the songs are horrible . i think that all the procides for this cd is going to terrorsim . WARNING
 I honestly think this album shouldnt even be on sale cause it 's just that bad ! X -LSB-
 System of a Down 's Toxicity has to be one of the worst albums I ever heard in the last five years.I bought it on a whim back in April of 2002 as everyone was telling me this album was amazing to see what the fuss what about of these guys.The songs like Chop Suey , the title cut , Ariels , Prison Song and the rest are all the same nu-metal poor me , I hate my life garbage which was immortalized by lame groups like Linkin Park , Korn and especially Limp Bizkit.The stupid singer and the guitarist are whining and screaming like 2-year olds that did n't get what they wanted.If you like metal , I recommend you get some good old school metal instead , like Iron Maiden , Black Sabbath , AC/DC , Motorhead , Judas Priest and the one and only Van Halen .
 Sorry Guys for a old Classic Rocker like me I cound n't take this . ! . That Singer is mostly likely the worst I have ever heard . I would rather puncture my eardrums then ever listen to this again ! .
 wow this cd is so heavy and brutal , the guys from cannibal corpse and slayer had to retire . i mean the lyrics are so insane the riffs so intenseafer listening to this im afraid to listen to it again cuz its so heavy !!! pantera slayer and cannibal corpse sucsk !
 This -LSB- guy -RSB- ca n't sing . The music is nu metal -LSB- crap -RSB- ... with no talent . If you like this , you are under 18 years old . Otherwise , shame on you . This -LSB- garbage -RSB- deserves zero stars . Are these guys terrorists ?
 This band absolutely sucks . All their songs sound the same the lead singer ca n't sing and he wants to be like the lead singer from Godsmack , but at least Godsmack makes a good sound . System of a Down makes a putrid sound and everytime I hear their song I want to puke .
 I am not sure what the previous reviewers considered cutting-edge , interesting , and above all ` intellectual ' , but if this album has one overall theme , it is that it sucks ! I bought this based on faith from the testimony of reviewers , and on hearing the single ` Chop Suey ' - this was a huge waste of money , which would have been better used if I had flushed it down the toilet or burned it.Anyone who can even compare these hacks and Tool obviously does not know all that much about music , has NEVER played music , and is looking for an alternative niche . If you are into ` nichey ' groups , that is , groups that no one likes or has heard of , jump aboard the latest alternative bandwagon . For those of you who like metal , it generally follows suit that you like one of the following elements
 Despicable lyrics promoting drugs and denigrating police destroy otherwise noteworthy and engaging rock music .
 Yes , System of a Down have made some great songs here on Toxicity , but they have also put out some garbage ones that make you wonder why they even consider these half way decent . The good songs are ones that you still here on the radio quite a bit so by now most people are probably tired of those songs anyway . Overall , the bad stuff heavily outways the good so unless you can get it for cheap I would stay clear .
 There is only 2 good songs on this cd and you here them on the radio all the time . This is depressing dreadful music I wanted to slash my wrist after listening to it but instead I broke it and toss it in the trash can were it belongs .
 for whatever reasons , my tastes in music keep changing in ways that i no longer listen to most of the bands i used to . system would be one of those bands . i used to like their first effort quite a bit ... so i bought this without hesitation . at first , i guess i liked it a lot . but now , i realize that it did n't stand the test of time . i saw them live twice , and i concluded that daron malakian just annoys the hell out of me and really needs to shut up and play the solo from ` soil ' recognizably . i 'm quite sick of system of a down now . maybe it 's because i keep getting into older , more respectable bands . maybe it 's because as i delve deeper into the world of music i see where the timeless classics are . system wo n't be one of those bands . though they 'll probably be up there in the numbers though when VH1 does a top 100 nu metal bands.from what i 've gathered , system of a down borrows heavily from dead kennedys and faith no more and uses the ` influence ' -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- , and makes something trendy that lots of little kids are into these days -LRB- nu-metal , or ` metal ' that the general public can bob their head to -RRB- . they do it well . but the trouble with trendy music is that it 's not challenging at all . when i listen to this album , i do n't hear anything ` new ' or ` different ' or ` thought provoking ' or ` wacky/creative ' , i just hear something i know i 've heard before and it 's not as good . it 's like pop music , but with more distortion . lacksidaisical , happy go lucky , ` catchy ' , danceable/moshable , non threatening in any way.but a couple million teenagers that have n't really lived life because they 're so young ca n't be wrong , can they ? they know what 's up , right ? they KNOW ` good ' music when they hear it ... sure ... if you would like to hear something a little more provocative and heartfelt check out the Dead Kennedys . it 's not as ` heavy ' -LRB- cuz it 's punk you knave -RRB- , but it 's definately a more enriching listening experience .
 System of a Down 's unusual interpretation of modern metal has one them credit amongst metalheads searching for something different . I , myself , would love to find something out there that 's totally different -LRB- I.e , another Tool vs Korn -RRB- , but this just is n't it . System of a Down 's weak sophomore release just does n't do it . It lacks any sign of maturity music-wise . Lyrical content has grown a little , as eveident on Forest and Deer Dance . But this lacks anything that would musically satisfy someone with an ear for real metal ...
 In today 's generation of nu-metal bands hankering the success to sound original and authentic , only few have captured the attention of true metal fans . Unfortunately , SoAD is not one of these bands . System 's fans might beg to differ , but the fact is that SoAD tries a little too hard mimicking talented artists such as RATM and Tool . Lead singer Serj attempts to persue Maynard James Keenan 's vocal skills and combine it with Zack De La Rocha 's political lyrics . The result is a bad imitation on both parts , leaving SoAD sounding anything but unique . His vocal pattern is somewhat predictable , giving a huge lack of diversity in between his songs . The other members ' skills are very mediocre , but compared with bands like Tool , System falls dramatically short because the band members sound as if they are competing with one another rather than contributing music as a unit.But , I will give credit where it is due . I am very fond of `` Chop Suey '' or track 6 of Toxicity . This is the band 's highlight song because each member is playing at his full potential . The heavy guitar riffs at the beginning are very complementary to the melodic portion at the end . The piano melody is pretty ingenius and Serj actually puts on a strong lyrical performance . However , 1 song is not enough to change my opinion about the album , for the rest of the CD nowhere near captures the magic of track 6 . Your money and attention is much better spent on Tool 's Lateralus instead .
 This is possibly the funniest CD I have ever owned . System of a Down , while trying to put on a machissimo persona , come off as cheesy as Weezer - except Weezer intended to make us all laugh . When I first listened to `` Prison Song , '' I thought it was a political advertisement . SOAD meshed together music with ... what ? ... yes , that 's right
 With the exception of Chop Suey and Forest , this album is nothing but screaming over intense power chords ... and to me that is not music . How can everyone say that this is such a masterpiece ? You want a masterpiece that rocks ? Check out Metallica 's `` Master of Puppets '' or `` Black Album '' or Cigar 's `` Speed is Relative '' or any of the earlier stuff by Led Zeppelin . This album has a few nice moments , but those moments are more than offset by moments of crap . Yes , sometimes Serj Tankian hits a pretty note or sometimes they play a cool guitar riff or drum fill , but there is too much incoherent screaming and angry , cliched death metal nonsense . Too many bands think that in order to rock they have to scream and play their guitars as loudly as possible . Jimmy Page didnt play super loud and intense power chords , and he was one of the best guitarists of all time ! You dont have to be loud simply for the sake of being loud to rock , and these guys do not rock .
 ... I only like the first five songs on that toxicity cd and the rest sucks in my opinnion . If youre thinking about buying that `` steal this album '' cd , its kinda dumb to buy a cd that looks like it was downloaded style cd . Its worth it to buy it if you dont have a cd burner or a computer . You should try System 's Debut cd before you try Toxicity .
 a few good songs , buy this one if you are going to buy this cd at all , because it comes with some cool features .
 I 've heard so many of these songs on pop-radio stations -LRB- that my co-workers insist on listening to , blah -RRB- , I have a hard time believing they can really be considered `` metal . `` The lyrics are down-right weird . Sure some are funny , but the songs sound like a melting cesspool of lyrical garbage . I think the song `` Aerials '' sums the cd up well . Listen to it . It tries to sound serious , but the lyrics make it a stupid joke of a song . Perhaps I 'm taking this group too seriously . Then again , if I 'm not supposed to take them seriously , they should be giving the CD away instead of charging any form of money.Sorry , this is n't metal in my book . I 'd give this a new genre ... Pop-Metal Infusion . That sounds good . It could n't be Metal-Pop Infusion because there 's WAY more pop than metal in this cancer-causing CD . I liked the old SoaD , but this is just sell-out repetitive garbage I 'd expect to hear from Blink 182 once they actually grew some balls . I swear I found the recipe for this cd ... 1 cup of Pop garbage3 cups of distortion pedals3 cups of `` hardcore '' riffsDash of Chuck E. Cheese ` sToss in blender and set to `` puree '' . Add to 250 gallon vat of sour cream , mix well and enjoy by the bucket-full . * gag *
 ... this album seems to be lacking something.I usually do n't like to trash popular music too badly , because I do n't listen to much of it . The Pepsi commercials and `` we 're -LSB- messed -RSB- up and creepy '' band names are really enough for me -LRB- Hatebreed ? Slipknot ? Come on . Your killing me ! -RRB- However , after an insistent friend begged me listen to this album , I succombed to his request , being a person who is always willing to listen to something new.At this point I had already heard `` Chop Suey '' and found it hilarious -LRB- I mean , I laugh uncontrollably whenever I hear it . -RRB- What I found , however , was an album that pretty much sounded like the aforementioned song , only remixed a bit in each different track . Ridiculously low guitar tunings and the `` rusty nails in throat '' vocal barks are really becoming a cliche these days . And the supposed Middle Eastern-influences could only be heard on a few tracks , but all they really consisted of were minor key chord progressions with whiney melodic vocals.And song after song , I had trouble telling the difference between them . It seems as if they ran out of material and started recording different lyrics -LRB- which were miserably weak , by the way -RRB- over the same tracks . If you want to buy this album because you want something loud and fast that you do n't have to think about , by all means go for it . But if you are looking for something fresh in modern metal 's stagnant musical climate , let me suggest Tool 's Lateralus or King Crimson 's The ConstruKction of Light . SOAD is largely overrated , but if your just looking to buy the latest fad in the deteriorating metal genre , this album is a must have .
 DO N'T LISTEN TO WHAT ANYBODY SAYS ! This album is such a letdown after the first . Even their b-sides are better than this ! Ugh ! This is the perfect example of a band that reahces their haitus , and figures no matter what they do people will buy into it any way , so they make a horrible album . This album is like Nonpoints Development letdown after their groundbreaking Statement . Bad stuff . Keep away from this cliche trendy little cop-out band .
 I guess it is n't really fair of me to slag this group off completely , as I have never listened to one of their albums in its entirety -LRB- I can barely bring myself to sit through half a song , let alone half an hour -RRB- . So they get two stars instead of one.I just do n't like anything about this band . The music itself is monotonous , and the frontman 's voice irritates me . As for the hard-hitting political lyrics , I could probably write better : `` The government is bad . '' `` They lie . '' `` Arrrgh . `` Pass this up if you have any respect for your eardrums .
 Gave this CD a whirl after hearing so many people rave about it and I still ca n't find why it 's a good CD at all . I 'll give credit to the song `` Aerials '' because it 's just awesome and different ; however , the rest of the CD did n't ever seem to lyrically grab me and I got tired of the leader singer 's same vocal pattern on every single song . I thought this CD would yield yet another rock band for me to like but unfortunately it seems too monotonous in structure and almost disjointed at points . I hope this band does some more fine tuning and gives more variety in singing style but also in the way they produce songs that can at least be deciphered somewhat on the first listen , not unintelligible until the fifth or sixth listen .
 this is a very critical album . the songs like forest `` why ca n't you see that you are my child ? '' yeah that 's quite a good question ... chop suey ! is one of the greatest songs ever !
 Well , I bought this album based upon the three songs I heard on the radio
 If you 're as bummed out about the state of metal today as I am , then this album will give you a little hope . Most metal today is just a showcase for morons who do n't know how to play their instruments or sing - if you can call the howling and growling of today an attempt at singing . Ironically , it is very similar to the state of metal when losers like Poison were popular , except everything now is ultra-heavy instead of sugary-sweet . Anyway , SOAD actually is able to craft some songs that are heavy , yet intricate and skillfull . If you 've heard `` Arials '' , then you 've heard the best song on the album . There are 3 or 4 others that are good , too , unfortunately there is just too much thrash and not enough skill . The saving grace is the singer , he has a unique voice that stands out from the crowd and actually is singing -LRB- although he howls a bit on the first song , but its the only one -RRB- . The guitar work is mediocre , mostly thrash with an occasional melody thrown in . Drumming is standard metal , not a drum machine but not exactly Tool either.If you 're a fan of todays metal then you might be turned off by the attempt at real melody and good singing . But if you 're waiting for another Tool , then this may be too hard for you . It inhabits the uncomfortable middle ground between pure agression and aggressive music . With a little improvement in musicallity , System could become the Metallica of the 2000 's - and not the Metallica of `` Unload '' , but the Metallica of `` Master of Puppets '' . The question is , are they afraid of being labeled sellouts like Metallica if they try to change?My Rating : ** My Scale : * Weak , maybe 1 or two good songs , lots of filler ** OK , throw it in the car or MP3 player for long trips *** Good , several excellent songs , still needs some work **** Excellent , a classic that I will listen too for years to come . ***** Awesome . The entire world will be talking about this album for the next 10 years .
 The music critics that hail Serj Tankian as a great thinker and poet must have a brain about the size of a peanut . This is supposed to be poetic and socially-conscious ? Well , sure the system is n't perfect , but if they hate it so much , they are more than free to go back to whatever third-world pit they came from . All they 're doing is making absolutely awful `` music '' with no orchestration , minimal talent , and stupid lyrics . Okay , so there are three or four songs that are listenable . The rest is just noise . Nothing more , nothing that a fifth-grader could n't do . This is the epitome of why nu-metal is a gargantuan load of defecation . It 's music by drug fiends , for drug fiends , in a similar vein as rap is . The American music industry is all too willing to shove garbage like this down people 's throats , but they never give any kind of attention to talented bands , even American artists like Iced Earth . No , we have to listen to three idiots yelling and screaming over shambled noise about why they hate the government and why their lives are a waste . And there are people out there who find this to be good music . That 's what I call closed-mindedness and poor taste . I 'm all for people 's choice in music , but I honestly do n't understand what one can find entertaining about this horse dung .
 This is an absolutely atrocious album . Do not waste your time or money . I will use it for target practice with my .44 Magnum .
 This is bad . Not even music . All it is , is a bunch of guys yelling at the top of their lungs talking about sniffing drugs and about killing people . I was open enough to listen to this whole CD . Not for me .
 This music is sooo old and tired . These punks are your typical angry Californians ... you know the ones ... `` Lets all Riot , and then cry discrimination when the Police arrest us for commiting crimes , lets overthrow the corupt government , the government puts too many people in jail '' etc , etc. . Blah Blah . -LRB- ... -RRB- Anyway , musically the CD is average , and lirically the CD is terrible . Only a cute video and MTV 's air play -LRB- ... -RRB- have brought commercial success to these sad sacks . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 this is the worst band i have everheard in my life . I would rather listen to debbie gibson all day long.their politics are lame and their chord changes are boring and uncreative.more like the worst cd of 2001 .
 Ok ... . Chop suey is the only good song on this cd . . if u expect that this cd will be like there Last LP that 's where your wrong . . they seem to have a christian \ gospel touch ... insted more of a heavy metal \ rock touch ... if u want some real metal \ rock try Slipknot,Static-x , Disturbed , Slayer , pentara and more artists like that .
 thank god this ridicolous genre of `` rock '' -LRB- ! -RRB- is dying because never in history music has been so poor.but the most otrageus thing is that this bunch of wannabe `` musicians '' have said that the immortal and great led zeppelin was a source of inspiration for them ... hahahahahled zeppelin wrote masterpieces and they were all real musicians and robert plant a marvelous real singer.the only band with a zeppelin sound today are the darkness.I really hope that america will redescover real rock music , and a good way to do is listen to soul sirkus a wonderful real rock band with the grea neal schon and jeff scott soto into it .
 Some people say System is one of the most talented , intelligent , socially aware bands of the century . They combine scorching music with powerful and deep lyrics to create a sound all their own in the music industry . Obviously these people are either deaf , musically inept , or punk fans . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not some crazed Yanni-ite who thinks you should give peace a chance , I enjoy my share of harder music . But I prefer mine from people that can A
 and when i say this i dont mean it to be used as entertainment or for enjoyment . when i first heard chop suey i thought the band would be worth a shot . when i popped in the cd i thought my dad was yelling at me , but it was only the music . the album is nothing like chop suey , only one other song is remotely good # 8 i think . i like bands like offspring greenday ect. , even rob zombie & limp bizkit . so if u like that kind of music then dont waste your money on this recording of rythmless shouting . and when i say the album has one use , it makes a nice frisbee
 I may not be 14 or hip to what the kids today listen to . But with lyrics like `` I dont think u trust in my self righteous suicide '' , a video of the lead singer wearing a shirt with a tank on it , a song called jet pilot and another song that starts out with `` there is toxicity -LRB- anthrax -RRB- in our city . Even I know its obvious . These guys support terrorsim . If you have your doubts read the back cover of their first album , it discusses how in the 21 st century the world will experience biological and chemical terrorism to combat the opression of those in foreign lands.Oh and not to mention the upside down american flag on the back of the record.Now maybe this is all just a coincidence.NahhDont support terrorism and dont buy this album
 This album is a big disappointment . Their self titled album caught me by surprise - i liked `` Sugar '' and was really shocked to hear that the rest of the album was just as good and better in some places . They had catchy guitar work , crunchy rythms and those intense vocals . Now the lyrics are just annoying with simple phrases screamed over and over . There 's no melody in these songs , and the guitar is nowhere near where it was on the last album . The last album was so much more creative . Toxicity sounds like what you 'd get if you asked some teenage SOAD tribute band to make some new songs . What happened ?
 I bought this release based on the merits of the two singles which made the airwaves . When I first heard them I was psyched that here was a band with a great new sound that was powerful , raw , and original in a world of mediocrity.Then the CD came . Boo.Aside from the two singles the rest of the album delivers the same old same old ... yelling and screaming about injustices in the world and overcrowded prisons and displaced youth , blah , blah blah . I could n't tell where one song ended and the next began . Look , if these guys ever did spend time in an overcrowded prison or got hit with rubber bullets , then I 'll raise the rating . . or maybe if they reveal that half their record sales from their record deal go to amnesty intl. then OK they get a four out of five . But c'mon ... . Rage Against the Machine did this already . We do n't need anymore preaching guys , let alone screaming nonsense about the government .
 I bought this a couple of years ago as a mate was going on about them . Big mistake ! There 's only one really decent song on it - Chop Suey ! , which is actually very good , but makes you wonder how a band capable of this is able to fill the rest of the CD with utter tripe.The lyrics to most of these songs are utterly dreadful , a child could write more meaningfully . They seem to be popular with the 10 to 15 age group , and really is you 're older than that stay well clear.One star may seem harsh , but I really can not bring myself to give it two stars , even though there is one song which impresses me . One good song on an album just isnt good enough ; buy the Chop Suey single if there is one , and save some cash and disappointment .
 Heavy metal has assumed many diverse forms over the past twenty years . From the big hair bands of the 80s , to the rock/rap hybrid bands of today , one thing has remained the same ... hard rock has always been controversial , fueled by adrenaline , and powerful . For every success story in the music industry , there are a hundred clone bands trying to mirror a formula rather then bring something new to the scene . System of a Down is unfortunately one of the many clone bands trying to cash in on metal 's latest face.I do not like Limp Bizkit , Korn , Marilyn Manson , or many of the metal bands of today . These bands seem to be all about noise and shock value , but lack the substance and diverse influences of their predecessors . I am more into bands like Tool , Type O Negative , Faith No More , and Dream Theater ... metal bands that do not get constant airplay on Mtv , but have nevertheless taken hard rock and metal in interesting and exciting directions.When I first heard Chop Suey on the radio , I thought System of the Down had the potential to be a rock pioneer for the new breed of metal ... although Chop Suey falls victim to the power chord structure song style that gives away the fact that this band will never have the virtuoso talents of an Eddie Van Halen or Steve Vai , it is a powerful song . The lead singer of System has a dynamic voice , and although the band lacks a unique sound , overall Chop Suey grabbed my attention enough for me to purchase their album.BIG MISTAKEThe album is 14 tracks of noise , fillers , and garbage . Somewhere in the lyrics are political statements about prisons , drug use , and the likes , but the message is lost behind a wall of three chord riffs and disjointed , almost annoying drum playing . Worst yet , each song sounds like the last , and although the lead singer and guitarist harmonize well on Chop Suey , they resort to screaming on most of the other tracks . The only song that really stood out was Chop Suey , almost as if this song was written by a completely different band then is featured on the rest of the album.Chop Suey does get a lot of play time on my CD player because it is a great tune , but do yourself a favor and get the single CD rather then shell out ... for the full CD ... the rest of it is obnoxious noise and is lost in the landscape of `` angry '' bands already flooding the airways.On a side note , I just saw the video for Chop Suey . The band certainly has personality , although the guitarist suffers from the `` abnormal , disturbing faces with eye liner '' syndrome that most of the bands of today suffer from ... there was a time when the guitar players of great rock bands didnt dress in Halloween costumes to draw attention to themselves ... their talents as guitar players gave them a signature style and personality that listeners can easily identify with ... you can identify Eddie Van Halen , Steve Vai , Peter Townsend , Slash , Ace Freely , or any of the great guitarists of yesteryear by their playing style ... since the latest breed of guitar players only seem to know how to play the same five power chords , it is no wonder that they have to dress like freaks to stand out in the crowd .
 I was a little worried about this album when I bought it . The first time I heard a song off it was on the radio . `` chop suey '' right ... . I loved the first album . The first time I heard it it instantly became one of my favorite bands . I 'm not saying that SOAD becoming so ridiculosly main stream made me hate it . At first I was kinda glad that one of the bands I actually liked was getting played on the `` M '' tv -LRB- As opposed to the regular TV -RRB- . But after so very much of their commercialization it 's hard to belive in their artistic motives . I remember getting the first album back in 99 or so . Then it was so pure , so free . I thought that system was actually about something . But then this second album came out and ruined it all . Granted it does have some musical merits . That could be the excuse for it to do so well . But I think that it 's mostly from that `` chop suey '' . I hate it when self loathing suburbanites latch on to song just because they want to hear all about people affirm the concepts of depression and people 's abillity to endure it . If your parents buy you a some tricked out truck you have no right to claim that your life is unfair . Perhaps the only reason that people like that think they 're unhappy is because they do n't see that their high school lives are shallow and meaningless . But thats not the reason why I was upset . The problem that I had is that it 's obvious if you take a song like shop suey and play it on the `` M '' tv then theres going to be one prime group of people that watch it . Unfortunatley that goup of people are n't the kind that appreciate system for it 's artisic ability . It 's moreso the aforementioned group of disillusioned teeny bopers just waitng to exhibit their new found angst . And I think that system knew that too . Chop Suey is n't a good song . It was more of an appeal , a hook if you will to launch SOAD in to it 's current state . I do n't know if it was actually system 's choice to make it their single and music video . Perhaps it was Americanrecords/sony 's decision -LRB- by the by , sony bought the label sometime between the first and second albums -RRB- . But now it 's so hard to belive that SOAD is anything more than another marketing attempt to prey on feeble minded teens . Do n't buy this album , buy the first one , and then make angry statements to people who run around singing '' . . angels deserve to die ... '' .
 their first cd was ok but this cd really gets on your nerves the constant chage from singing to screaming sucks because the do it so often . I mean the first album was great and then this one pushed the anyoying limitations that the first one only mildley had . So if you really want a good cd go get Reveille 's Bleed the sKY which actually has a good lead singer and does n't change from fast guitar playing to slow anoying songs all the time .
 I really ca n't believe how `` melodic '' -LRB- wussy -RRB- this cd was . I waited anxiously to buy it and when i did , i was so disapointed at the way SOAD changed . If the only song you liked off their first cd was `` Spiders '' , then you will love this cd . If you preferred the real hard core metal sounds of SOAD , then I 'm afraid you 'll be sorry if you buy it . I hope their next cd sounds more like the first than this ... sequel .
 Only 2 1-star reviews and I do n't totally agree w / either one . WOW ! I know a lot of hardcore metalheads love this album and are obsessed w / it , BUT CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME WHY ?! `` Chop Suey '' has to be the most played out hard rock song that 's on all the `` rock '' stations out there . I do enjoy listening to `` Prison Song '' , matter of fact I love that one , but the rest does n't do it for me . Why ? System Of A Down have progressed . Try and compare `` Needles '' and `` Psycho '' to tracks like `` Sugar '' and `` War ? '' from the 1st album . The heavy parts in these songs may be a bit heavier , but there are also mellow parts that turn me off .
 I do n't get this band . Why so popular ? `` Toxicity '' is the worst song that I have ever heard .
 This album is chock-full of pretentious lyrics laden with goofy philosophic imagery that means absolutely nothing . The verse from Chop Suey , `` I do n't think you trust in my self righteous suicide . I , cry , when angels deserve to die , '' is just one of many examples that strives so hard to drip with heavy meaning , but is silly and uninspiring , regardless of what context you ascribe to it . 90 % of System of a Down 's lyrics sound like a 6th grader 's attempt to pen poetry for a Nine Inch Nails fanzine , and the other 10 % reflect the band 's ridiculous and uniformed politics . This is another well-off rock band 's whining about the problems of the world that guitars , bad facial hair , and refraining from personal hygiene just are n't going to solve . Forget about originality , too - there 's nothing said here that you had n't heard elsewhere 20 years ago.The musicians are pretty good , but just when a song 's beginning grabs you , the singer 's terrible voice enters , and you scramble to hit eject on your CD player . If you find a way to eliminate vocals on your stereo while listening , you 'll have a much better experience ; even entering the lyrics into a Speak-n ' - Spell over the background instruments would be an improvement.Tankian 's attempts to hit upper registers with his voice sounds like the bleating of a sheep whose wool is set ablaze . His singing in lower octaves is n't much better than that , since he takes himself so wickedly seriously , carefully and ostentatiously pausing and issuing forth words with as much theatrics as Robert Goulet .
 I was extremely embarrassed after getting a call from my brother in law that the Alabama Band DVD I got him as a gift was actually a Jeep commercial ! When he later returned it to me , I opened it up and the DVD itself was printed &#34; Take Command &#34; &#34; Introducing the All New Jeep Commander &#34; . He really must have thought I bought a bootleg video off the street . Amazon has agreed to give me a refund , but as an Amazon Prime customer , they really should have offered me something in return for this horrible experience .
 This looks like a nice set , but my first quick listen revealed that the sound recording quality is not sophisticated .
 Back in the 60s in 70s , the WORST music media -LRB- LPs , prerecorded cassette tapes -RRB- available in South America , were produced in Argentina and Uruguay.Awfully printed covers , the original artwork reproduced with the worst printing quality . Even the lettering and titles -LRB- English/other languages -RRB- were most of the times badly translated to Spanish , without respect to basic grammar rules , and surely , just under the personal translation skills -LRB- ??? -RRB- of the person in charge of such work.Rock music records were usually issued , with full of screeching treble - or so flat , no bass at all ... The ` frying egg ' sound of the turntable stylus running thru the grooves of those records , still tortures my memories of those years -LRB- the worst record pressing industry of the world during those years , no doubt about it ! -RRB- This compilation of great Italian hits , is no exception . It seems that the `` digital master '' for producing it , has been taken from those terrible pressed vinyl records -LRB- was it real vinyl at all ??? ... -RRB-
 On their first three albums , the Soft Machine were one of the real gems of the psychedelic and then progressive rock scene . Whereas far too many psychedelic bands tried to make it with vocalists who were quite unsuited to the sounds which they were aiming to make , and many progressive bands could never play in such a manner as to attract attention , the Soft Machine never fell prey to any of those problems . Their music always had a deep feeling to it , and the vocals of Robert Wyatt and Kevin Ayers were always truly touching and at times even funny.OnThird , the band with a new lineup changed tack completely but to no less effect on three of the sides . In doing so , they provided part of the blueprint for such movements as the 1990s post-rock sound , with fierce bass work and the unique saxophone playing of Elton Dean.However , on the second side , `` Slightly All the Time '' , there was some suggestion that the Soft Machine could lose the plot - and on `` Fourth '' and `` Fifth '' it is no understatement to say that they did so in a more dramatic manner than could ever have been imagined . Gone is the touching drumming of Wyatt and the intense bass lines that carried so much of `` Third '' and in their place are sounds that could have come from almost any jazz-rock band and have utterly no emotional impact , let alone the capacity to make a listener want to listen repeatedly . Elton Dean 's saxophone work is even more prominent than it was on `` Slightly All the Time '' , but lacks the balance Hugh Hopper 's fierce bass playing provided so wonderfully on `` Facelift '' and `` Out-Bloody-Rageous '' . Worse still is how the music on `` Fourth '' and `` Fifth '' seems to drift through a listener as if it were the worst kind of elevator music played with very little interruption . The saxophone sound is also so typical of the worst kind of 1970s jazz-rock as to be distinctly dated.All up , this is a case of a band seemingly losing everything in one step , just asThird Ear Banddid around the same time with theMacBeth soundtrack . Stick with their first three albums .
 Though this album has three great singles , it has traits that many debuts carry
 The only good thing about Speak & Spell is the fact that `` Ice Machine '' -LRB- best DM song ever , in my eyes -RRB- is on it ... that is , if you have the version with the B-sides on it . The rest , while catchy , are downright wussy -LRB- especially this version of Photographic ; go find the Some Bizarre version or a live version -RRB- . The only other remotely listenable song on here is Tora Tora Tora ! -LRB- though I would n't buy the standard album without the extra tracks just for Tora ! -RRB- .
 For whatever reason , Rhino decided to leave off the SACD layer of all three U.S. Depeche Mode re-releases , which is a real shame . If you have an SACD set-up , the audio quality of the import versions is noticeably better -LRB- especially on `` Speak & Spell '' -RRB- . Plus the DVD is region free , so the import video will still play in your PC or Mac -LRB- although it will not play on your TV , unless you have a DVD player that can convert PAL to NTSC -RRB- . I highly recommend sending Rhino a message that selling watered-down versions in the U.S. is unacceptable , by purchasing the Mute label import version instead -LRB- all three of which are outstanding -RRB- .
 Before I begin this review , it may be unfair of me to judge the album so harshly . Firstly , I was introduced to Depeche Mode through Ultra , though I 've explored and enjoyed their 80s stuff too . Secondly , Speak and Spell was released in ' 81 , just when electro-pop was really starting to kick off , so of course it 's not as good as what we have now.This album is basically fluffy bubblegum pop -LRB- though it 's a lot less sleazy than today 's pop -RRB- . This is not the dark , angsty and romantic Depeche Mode we all know and love . People who like upbeat synth sounds might enjoy this album , but it definitely was n't my cup of tea . There was just nothing interesting about the music . In terms of the sound , I only enjoyed `` Tora Tora Tora '' and `` Just Ca n't Get Enough . `` My biggest problem with the album , however , is lyrics . Whether you 're a hardcore DM fan or just someone looking to dabble , there is no possible way to deny the ridiculousness of some of these lyrics . I mean , the chorus to `` Photographic '' is
 This US release was supposed to be like the UK release and include a hybrid SACD -LRB- Super Audio Compact Disc -RRB- as well as the DVD . It does not . The SACD has been replaced by a regular CD . Extremely disappointing ! I 'll be purchasing the UK release instead ... According to Mute 's Head of Catalogue , David Rowntree , Mute commissioned Simon Heyworth 's Super Audio Mastering facility to perform the critical re-mastering work for this album . Quote
 Right from the beginning , with track # 1 -LRB- `` New Life '' -RRB- , I pretty much knew what to expect from the rest of this CD
 I have bought both versions -LRB- UK and USA -RRB- . Here is my review .1 -RRB- The Sound
 If you must have Speak and Spell -LRB- which is quite good , despite being very lightweight , fluffy , lyrically empty early-eighties synth-pop -RRB- do yourself a favour and spend the extra money on the import version . The US version pales in comparison to the original Uk version . There is a great song -LRB- Sometimes I Wish I Was Dead , which is not as depressing as its title would suggest -RRB- that was left off the US pressing , and the extra time was taken up by the inclusion of the 12 '' remix of Just Ca n't Get Enough -LRB- which is better in its original 7 '' mix anyway - over six minutes of Just Ca n't Get Enough is , well , too much of enough -RRB- . There are also a few great b-sides that are on the UK version of the cd .
 This cd is nothing but talentless crap , the only good song is sick little suicides , the rest of the cd is no more then a joke , they try to be like NOFX and they can not pull it off at all , they suck so much ass , i hate this band and would never support the shows they play or them for that matter , crap crap crap is the best way to describe this cd !!!
 There are a couple good songs on this album . But the rest of it is just really bad . But you can just tell by the songs Chain Me Free and Sick Little Suicide they do have potential . Hopefully theyre next cd will be better then this one .
 Boned-out pot boys desperate to regroup and recoup a fanbase.This pretty much confirms it . The Black Crowes are washed up .
 `` By Your Side '' is not a good album . I was a Black Crowes fan and I still am . I 'd probably go to their concerts to hear the songs on albums 1-4 , but from this album and on to `` Lions '' , the Black Crowes slipped a long way down from where they began with Shake Your Moneymaker -LRB- One of my all-time top 5 Rock Classic Albums -RRB- . Obviously , the Black Crowes have tried to continually change and experiment on each album in order to `` grow musically '' . Of course , they have been through about 276 guitar players , and it 's a wonder the brothers Robinson have n't killed each other by now.This album is utterly nothing even comparable to what they acheived before . It 's optimistic and churchy , and they lose the edginess in their music that was the soul of the band . Just listen to `` Go Tell the Congregation '' to ruin your image of the Black Crowes . I miss the days when I could look forward to buying one of their new albums and plugging it in to be mesmerized by it 's oddly poetic lyrics that somehow made sense.The songs on this album are just stupid . Their main tracks that got some airplay are `` Kickin ' My Heart Around '' , `` By Your Side '' , and `` Only a Fool '' . These songs are enough to get 2 stars for the album . Apparently Chris got married to Goldie Hawn 's daughter , Kate Hudson , and she whipped the genius out of him . If only he were back to his old self . His songwriting has suffered severely . Furthermore , the great old guitar riffs from albums 1-3 dissappear on this album , and it lacks any sense of musical ability.If you would buy a Baptist church choir album , buy this . If you like the Black Crowes , buy SYMM , Southern Harmony , and Amorica , which are all excellent . The fourth , `` Three Snakes and One Charm '' is definately not as good as the first three , but it suffices.As I said , this was the demise of the Black Crowes , so do n't even think about buying `` Lions '' because its even worse .
 I asked my friend why the Crowes coul n't come up with any good songs . He said it was because they were bad songwriters .
 I love the Crowes -- best band of the ' 90 's . However , I 'm still riding the euphoria of `` Southern Harmony '' and `` Amorica '' . `` By Your Side '' is so trite . The lyrics are sometimes `` goofy '' , and mostly simplistic . One song even has `` na , na , na '' in it . You almost ca n't believe that the same band that turned out the above mentioned classics , with their soulful guitar , dynamite lyrics , and truly `` classic '' appeal , could produce this latest effort . It seems like they just `` whipped it out in a hurry '' . Come on guys . Listen to some Zeppelin for a few hours . Watch the Woodstock movie . Even spark it up , if you have to . Then give us something that you 'll be proud of in 10 years -- something they 'll still play on the radio .
 If you are new to the Crowes , you wo n't know a difference . If you like the band , this will be disappointing.On the surface it 's great , but the loss of Marc Ford and Chris Robinson 's poignant soulful lyrics are gone.This album is more or less a fallback album for them , and for that , it 's really good . They were supposed to release an album similar to this in theme , but they scrapped most of the tunes . They did this before in 1993 with the often talked about `` Tall '' sessions . The preliminary sessions of this album -LRB- `` The Band '' w/Marc Ford -RRB- are actually available withing trading circles . Find that and then play this . There is just absolutely no comparison . If they had released `` The Band '' in the fall of 1997 like they probably should have no matter what , that album is really , really good in the same vein of what this was SUPPOSED to be.There are n't any musical layers here or anything . In fact , some of the lyrics in particualr are embarassing for someone as prolific as Chris Robinson . It 's one thing to intend to make a straightforward rock album , but this is very subpar for the best band of the 1990 's . Buy The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion , Amorica and Three Snakes and One Charm.Also , get online and find some live shows during this era.If you do this , you will see how poor this album really is for a band that was once so great it was scary.This starts the demise of the Crowes . It 's a shame because they were so amazing in the studio and live . Their back catalog alone would take up 3 more amazing albums .
 i understand the music 's suffered a little what with all the personnel shakeup , but i do n't know why it had to turn to formula glam-rock . the drama and depth , the ebb and flow , i just dunno ... there 's 11 attempts at a hit single here , i guess . and some love songs , and some others that make blatant , obliigitory attempts to be `` trashy '' -LRB- actually mosta them are love songs too -RRB- . and the song structures and sense of dynamics have gone pop too -LRB- and chris wo n't stop trying to be rod stewart , * blatantly * this time -RRB- . i 'm hopin ' _ lions _ is a comeback from this now that they 've got an actual lead guitarist again . by the way , i 'd say until this point the crowes have gotten better with age -- TSOC is one of the most underrated albums of the decade . i 'll go listen to that instead . and if you prefer this to TSOC ... well , i just ca n't fathom it . all y' all who want to praise this to the skies for being `` pure rock and roll '' do n't have an appreciation for craftsmanship and subtlety -LRB- go listen to ACDC -RRB- . this ai n't even pure -- it 's way , way , way pasteurized .
 This album is definately a low point in their great career . I thought Amorica was the result of them taking too many drugs . I think this album is just the opposite ; they are completely sober on this one . I am not an advocate of drug useage , but `` Southern Harmony '' was brilliant for Chris Robinson 's imaginative psychedelic induced lyrics and the Crowes slightly stoned hard-rock blues . This attitude is also evident on their awesome debut and other great album `` Three Snakes '' . They lost their grit on this one , complete with over-production and lackluster typical rock and roll lyrics about love . A let down from previous great Crowes albums .
 I bought this album that day it came out , listened to it twice and put it on my cd rack severely disappointed . Every two years since , I grab the CD thinking , `` Hey , it 's the Crowes , it ca n't be - that - bad '' . And every time , I put it back on the shelf.It come down to this , if you like the Black Crowes and do n't have this album , do n't buy it . I read all the press when this came out . The album was supposed to be a return to their early days -LRB- ala Shake Your Moneymaker -RRB- . In my opinion , Moneymaker is good , but not nearly as good as Southern Harmony and Amorica . Although By Your Side has the Shake vibe , it is at best secondhand rehash of that album.In reading the positive reviews about this album , I have to think the authors are n't normally Crowes fans . This album sounded like a hollow attempt to reclaim radio glory . If you like radio rock , it might be for you . If you think the Crowes are best when they are experimenting and grooving -LRB- ala Amorica -RRB- stay away from this one .
 The guitar sound is great , the rythm is fast , but the feelings from Amorica an Three Snakes are missing . The Crowes are still the best but I miss their hippie period ...
 The Black Crowes first three albums were great , but I think they reached their peak with Amorica . They have been on a down slide since then , and this cd just continues that trend . Sorry guys , but this is my last Black Crowes purchase ... they just seem to have exhausted all their good ideas for songs .
 This crowes album was by far their worst album to date ... whith their departure of bassist Johnny Colt ... and lead guitarist Marc Ford ... the band has suffered spiritualy and musically ... Chris 's lyrics are leering more to the clesche Rock . . girl relationship bullcrap lyrics ... Three Snakes And One Charm had alot more depth and soul in the music ... The only song I really dig is HorseHead . . because it funks out and it aint about some lovey dubby sappy girl song ... Buy Amorica or Three Snakes ... those albums will make you cry it 's so spritual ... Peace and Soul ... Zed
 As with many artists , the Black Crowes album `` Shake Your Money Maker '' is good , but not their best . Working with a caveman on a rock album does n't sound like a good idea . Producing an album aint easy , and here 's proof . Somewhere along the way the caveman figured a return to their roots was in order . This confuses me , as this band had evolved way beyond what they were doing in the beginning . This comes off as a collection of slightly above average tunes , that try lamely to capture the spirit of the first album . This one seemed to lack it 's own vibe , or story . On other Crowes albums , like Amorica or Thre Snakes ... they seemed to catch a feeling and really go for a ride . This one does n't gel , and the really good songs do n't stand out until the Live album . I highly recommend the god stuff on here , but only in their live digs . `` Welcome to the Good Times '' `` Go tell the Congregation '' & `` Horsehead '' are very good . `` By Your Side '' is a very weak attempt at a hit single , which the Crowes did n't really need . With a better producer , I feel the Robinson boys would 've come up with more material , and created a better vibe than this sleepy tripe . The closest you 'll come to a ` bad ' Crowes album -LRB- although the jury 's still out on ` Warpaint ' LOL -RRB- ... just a bump in the road , as Lions was a VAST improvement on a stale vibe .
 If it were any other band , I 'd probably rate this higher , but my boys just took a bad turn . I do n't know what Chris was thinking when he wrote these lyrics . How he went from the poetic `` Girl From a Pawnshop '' off of Three Snakes to `` Heavy '' and `` Kickin ' My Heart Around '' is beyond me . He used to write the best words . Also , the album has too much noise ; if they 've completely changed their style , I do n't like it . Hopefully , they were just trying to get their name known again , and they 'll go back to their good stuff from now on .
 When THE BLACk CROWES FIRST CAME Out they seem Like they were gon na be Huge.They Had a Strong Southern Rock thing Going On.but as Time has Gone on The Words & Music Seem So/So at best.Diamond Ring & By Your Side were My Favorite Cuts on Here but Other than that I Got The Feeling they were Looking For a New Direction & Could n't Reach that Point.They Are Missing their Edge .
 Chris Robinson should kick himself out of the band for these lyrics . A poor effort from a once wonderful band . Hang it up , lads .
 Chris Robinson should kick himself out of the band for these lyrics . A poor effort from a once wonderful band . Hang it up , lads .
 Well , all Crowes fans and even casual music fans should know who Marc Ford is by now . Look into The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion album , Amorica and Three Snakes and One Charm and you will see why this album is such a poor , half-hearted record from one of the best bands of the last decade . This album is missing Ford 's fluid guitar playing and ability to hit a note at the right time , or just keep the groove going with rhythm player Rich Robinson . If you already have the first album , Shake Your Moneymaker and you do n't have any of the ones mentioned above , do not waste your time with this weak effort . This band 's best work stretched from 1992-1997 and it 's a shame they threw it all away . Even Chris Robinson 's vocals are really suffering . Rich Robinson thinke he can play rhythm and lead parts by himself , thinking no one would notice Marc Ford 's legendary thumbprint on the Crowes ' legacy . Big mistake Chris and Rich . Apologize to Marc and allow him to contribute to your band !
 `` By Your Side '' is not a good album . I was a Black Crowes fan and I still am . I 'd probably go to their concerts to hear the songs on albums 1-4 , but from this album and on to `` Lions '' , the Black Crowes slipped a long way down from where they began with Shake Your Moneymaker -LRB- One of my all-time top 5 Rock Classic Albums -RRB- . Obviously , the Black Crowes have tried to continually change and experiment on each album in order to `` grow musically '' . Of course , they have been through about 276 guitar players , and it 's a wonder the brothers Robinson have n't killed each other by now.This album is utterly nothing even comparable to what they acheived before . It 's optimistic and churchy , and they lose the edginess in their music that was the soul of the band . Just listen to `` Go Tell the Congregation '' to ruin your image of the Black Crowes . I miss the days when I could look forward to buying one of their new albums and plugging it in to be mesmerized by it 's oddly poetic lyrics that somehow made sense.The songs on this album are just stupid . Their main tracks that got some airplay are `` Kickin ' My Heart Around '' , `` By Your Side '' , and `` Only a Fool '' . These songs are enough to get 2 stars for the album . Apparently Chris got married to Goldie Hawn 's daughter , Kate Hudson , and she whipped the genius out of him . If only he were back to his old self . His songwriting has suffered severely . Furthermore , the great old guitar riffs from albums 1-3 dissappear on this album , and it lacks any sense of musical ability.If you would buy a Baptist church choir album , buy this . If you like the Black Crowes , buy SYMM , Southern Harmony , and Amorica , which are all excellent . The fourth , `` Three Snakes and One Charm '' is definately not as good as the first three , but it suffices.As I said , this was the demise of the Black Crowes , so do n't even think about buying `` Lions '' because its even worse .
 I was hoping that this album would prove that the weak effort of `` Three Snakes and a Charm '' was just a small bump in the road of an otherwise magnificent career . Unfortunately , `` By Your Side '' is a much worse album than anything they have done to date . Normally , this would not bother me to much , except that I know that any band that can come up with `` Southern Harmony and Musical Companion , '' one of the greatest pieces of rock n ' roll ever made , can do much , much better . If there is any consolation , it is `` Welcome to the Goodtimes Baby , '' which is not a bad little tune . Otherwise , it 's back to the drawing board for the Robinson brothers .
 By Your Side is subpar at best . The Crowes have yet to match the intensity and shear rocking power of Shake Your Moneymaker . Each of their last 4 albums has gone in a different direction , with Amorica probably being their best and most underrated effort since Moneymaker . By Your Side tends toward the anthemic style of The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion which in my opinion is not a very good disc , but still pretty good for the Crowes . Most of the 11 tracks of By Your Side , if not all , have the gospel chorus singing along with Chris Robinson and it does n't make very good results . Gone , are such catchy rockers from past albums , like `` Under a Mountain '' , `` She Gave Good Sunflower '' and `` Nebakanezer '' . In place of the rockers , we get sleepers such as the very cheesy `` Heavy '' and `` Diamond Ring '' . Some life is shown in the two opening songs of the album
 Once upon a time , the Black Crowes were one of the best bands around . I thought Three Snakes ... was disappointing , but I think that album is stronger than this one . The songs sound silly , with ridiculous lyrics and strained choruses that sound almost like glam-rock -LRB- Kickin ' my Heart Around -RRB- . If they do n't turn things around , it looks like a once great band has burned out quickly .
 All I can say , is they treated these sessions as a 9-5 job , and it shows . Ever since lead guitarist Marc Ford and bassist Johnny Colt left in late ' 97 , this band has been struggling to find the niche that set them apart from anyone during the ' 90 's . The Southern Harmony , Amorica , Three Snakes and even their debut Shake Your Moneymaker have a feel and identity . This record is fantastic if you are looking for none of that . Many people might say it 's great because the songs are so listener friendly and catchy , but compared to their other releases , the Crowes are never an easy listen , and if they were , it would n't be the Crowes . Find some live material from ' 92 - '97 and just appreciate the amazing chemistry not found in many other places today . If you have bought the albums in order of their release you know this is their worst effort . The lyrics are trite and the music recycled . The evolution is in a rut , and I 'm not sure if they can get it started again ...
 I have ordered this set and then returned it and had a replacement set sent . Both sets have had one CD that has music missing in bits and pieces . I assume that all sets have been cut from the same master set , since both sets I have received are flawed .
 this is complete garbage . . the clowns are steadily going down hill
 ICP has just gone down hill . The last three or four cd 's I purchased just plain sucked to the point they are now sitting on a rack in the local cd trader store ... do n't do it people , you know you know better
 The magic just is n't here anymore . I think that every cramps fiend 's affection comes from the fact that these guys struggled through pretty much every kind of hardship a band can face -LRB- except for a lack of purpose , drive , and motivation -RRB- throughout the wild and wooly days of the early punk scene . even the punks did n't get these guys . This album is just too artificial sounding to be a real cramp 's album . it sounds like a novelty album for kids . I loved `` sinners '' , though . and for that I gave it another star .
 I am writing this review because I do n't want another person to read the editor 's reviews and believe that this CD is anything but garbage . I am a huge fan of Dirty Vegas , but by far , this is not their best effort . In fact , it took no effort on their part at all . They put a couple of songs from the 80 's and 90 's and compiled them on one CD . There was n't any great beats , vocal overlays , or anything to speak of that would have made this CD unique . I could have made this CD at home on my computer and `` mixed '' it better than this . Please , if you value your money spend it on something else . Let this CD go to the wayside . You will be better for it . I ended up giving my copy away !
 Sorry to bum people out but the vocals just ruin this , if you could call them vocals . It sounds like some one mumbling some spoken words under water or outside of the house when I listen to this on my great home stereo . It would have been a better release if they just left the vocals or mumbling off . This sounds like other darkwave/ambient works , Lycia is the closest comparison except Lycia 's music is well made . Sorry for the low rating but I doubt this will get much play again and I have a wide variety of tastes , I rarely exclude anything .
 This product is BS.Record lable takes 3 albums and makes a box set of it ... come on!It easily wouda fit on 2 CD 's or 1 Mp3 CD ... or 4 albums on 2 CD.s.Seems a waste of time , you save a few bucks buying this , but why not just take the A&M ; records `` Equinox '' through `` Kilroy was Here '' which is considered the best of Styx and features the Tommy Shaw line-up -LRB- except for Equinox -RRB- This is just another record label rehashing something , no bonus tracks , no demos are included , waste of time .
 How many times have they release the same 10 songs ? I used to really like Styx and I even enjoyed parts of their last two albums -LRB- um ... let me be clear here ... the last two albums that were n't live albums or compilations or Styx-as-cover-band-garbage . -RRB- I actually `` stalk '' this band waiting for them to put out some more music , and I get my hopes up every time there is something new , but 99 % of the time they 've just released old songs AGAIN . I do n't know who is buying these same songs AGAIN , but will you please quit so they 'll actually have to put out some new music to make any money ?
 ive said this once , ive said this many times , dennis deyoung was is and will always be the styx everyone loves and knows.he founded the band , he sang , and wrote most of the hits.james young , tommy shaw can get whoever they want to play with , they can put stuff out , they can package , and repackage what ever songs they want.the band styx in the big picture will be remembered for the stuff that was done in this time period and til 1980around paradise theater , after that the game was over , music changed styx did what they could do . the only real hit the band had after 1983s KILROY WAS HERE was 1990s SHOW ME THE WAY which was again written by deyoung.egos are evil and this band as great as they were together , has too many egos and to me this band finished for good in 1999 . whatever is left is just a fossil of what they were.i saw them with gowwen , he doesnthave the talent or the stage presence of deyoung and im sorry my friends he doesnt have the voice .
 The music on this set is fine , as Ms Day always is . However it has a quirk I find distasteful . On the third cd is a hidden track , track 13 to be exact that throws all the songs out of sequence if you rip it . I would n't recommend buying this for that reason alone . All the songs are available on other cd 's so it 's no problem skipping over this one . It seems if they want to mess with people and keep it a secret until after the money is spent then my money will be spent elsewhere .
 JAZZ COLLECTOR EDITION - BENNY GOODMAN -LRB- 15 703 -RRB- is a collection of radio transcription disc dubs from the late 1930s and early '40s . A partial musician list includes Gene Krupa , Lionel Hampton , Harry James , Ziggy Elman , Art Rollini , Teddy Wilson , Zoot Sims , Yank Lawson , Roy Eldridge , Specs Powell and Al Klink.AUDIO -- All 12 selections have undergone stereo reprocessing to some extent . Occasional `` ping-pong '' balance shifts occur that artificially separate solos . Source material is well-used but not ruined . There 's some crackle and/or rasp evident . Clarity varies from murky -LRB- tracks 3 through 7 , 11 and 12 -RRB- to sharp -LRB- 1 , 8 , 10 -RRB- . The last cut fades in on a vibe statement . At best , sound and record condition is FAIR , as are a few listless performances , thus the 2 star rating . . PROGRAM -- -LSB- 2:37 -RSB- Let 's Dance -LSB- 3:13 -RSB- Memories of You -LSB- 5:57 -RSB- Stompin ' at the Savoy -LSB- 7:32 -RSB- One O'Clock Jump -LSB- 2:54 -RSB- King Porter Stomp -LSB- 2:28 -RSB- Henderson Stomp -LSB- 7:56 -RSB- Sing , Sing , Sing -LRB- With a Swing -RRB- -LSB- 2:36 -RSB- Limehouse Blues -LSB- 3:24 -RSB- After You 've Gone -LSB- 3:03 -RSB- Down South Camp Meeting -LSB- 2:29 -RSB- Bugle Call Rag -LSB- 4:02 -RSB- AvalonTOTAL TIME
 i understand that many people are of the opinion that this album was ground breaking . are you kidding me ? this album is blas&eacute; and uninspired . listen to chris clarks 's clarence park for a comparable album that is thousands of times better and 5 years older .
 This CD is a compilation of great songs performed poorly by ONE quartet . Buyer beware .
 I do n't know why these guys decided to do a CD inthe first place . I have a quartet that 's been togetherfor 3 years and we 've placed as high as 4th in theRocky Mountain District of SPEBSQSA competition . Wecould sing any one of the songs on the CD better thanthese guys . Do not buy this album . Go to the SPEBSQSAweb site -LRB- http://www.spebsqsa.org -RRB- and buy albums bythe number one quartets in the US . I do n't know thisgroup , but they need some serious coaching . It 's a poorexample of what Barbershop harmony is all about .
 I love Los Van Van . However , this CD is a major diappointment . Poor singing combined with poor sound engineering translates into a strong recommendation not to spend your money on this CD . Do yourself a favor and pick another one -LRB- `` En el malec&oacute;n de La Habana '' is one of my favorites and is guaranteed to get your feet moving -RRB- .
 Most of the music on this CD sounds the same . The recording quality is very poor .
 I looked forward to this celebration CD very eagerly . However , the disappointment was great other than Gretchen Davis . I 've been a fan of Kristofferson for 35-40 years and that could be the problem . There are very few people who can sing his songs - Johnny , Waylon , Willie , and Kris . I far preferred and really love the `` This Old Road '' CD.Donna
 Start with `` Willie Nelson Sings Kris Kristofferson . '' Better yet , get anything recorded by Kris , himself , until the last decade or so . Despite having a voice that `` sounds like a frog , '' as he once put it , the early versions are best by Kristofferson , because nobody else conveys the same feelings or sings his lyrics with such expressiveness as he does . Even his performances are just too rote in live performance or later rerecordings , though .
 The music was very disappointing . I should have trusted my instincts when I listened to the clips , but I had high hopes for this much-anticipated CD . Save your money !
 I couldnt wait to hear this CD cause i love Kris Kristofferson and his work . many of the names on the CD were great and some great singers came out to do triButes to Kristofferson . Shooter Jenning 's `` Silver Tongue Devil and I '' is amazing . Willie Nelson 's `` The Legend '' is as great or if not better then the Highwaymen version . The version on `` Why Me '' is also a worthy tribute . The problem i had with the CD was when i heard Russell Crowe 's `` Darby 's Castle '' cause it was a horrible redition where Russell Crowe tries and fails at doing the talking blues that was done so well by Kristofferson and Dylan . Then i heard the awful Brian Mcknight atrocity `` Me and Bobby Magee '' which was just Mcknight turning a country and rock classic into his horrible R&B redition . I had never heard a bad version of `` Me and Bobby Magee '' until this CD . I do n't know how those two got on this CD but fans of Kristofferson should be enraged .
 The item -LRB- Rendezvous of Angels -RRB- never arrived , and the vendor , Newbury Comics , listed an invalid email address .
 Mtv has always sucked and the same goes for Kelly . Its funny that when her first album did n't sell she wanted to quit . And Changes only became a hit single because it had Ozzman on it . And it only sold because fans had pity because of his ATV thing.P.S . Now that Kelly is drug head maybe her songs will get better . Seeing as she might understand what some of her dads songs are about .
 This CD sucks . Period.Peace everybody , and keep rocking -LRB- to good music -RRB- .
 What happened with Ozzy and Co ? Man this is a classic from the 70 's ... ! a gem from Black Sabbath 's vol 4 and I ca n't understand why Ozzy and Co -LRB- Sharon Obsbourne of course -RRB- can take a song like this to ruin and destroy it like a pop trash on the voice of this little stupid girl called Kelly -LRB- yes with Ozzy but ... -RRB- And all for money.If you want to hear the real thing go for Vol 4 !
 It 's just a desperate attempt by two failing musicians . Both Kelly and Ozzy have been criticized for releasing this song ! Why ? Well because they absolutely butchered it ! Now I will give Sharon that it was a smart move ... but that 's all . True , when you just look at what the song is it 's a father & daughter song . But that id rather they had actually taken the time to write a new song . And I wonder what the other members of Black Sabbath think about the re-done Changes.Ozzy 's music career is in jeopardy and Kelly 's was D.O.A. almost from square one . This is just a last stitch effort for two failing artist.I honestly think this is the last song these two will do together.Lastly , Mtv can go to hell for making them both look like complete fools . I hope that this is n't the end of Ozzman . -LRB- I do hope it 's the end of Kelly though -RRB-
 My sister has this single , and she spends all of her time whining about how she wishes she had n't bought it . I agree completely . Kelly Osbourne is one of the biggest poseurs I 've ever seen in my life . She has an awful voice , and the only reason she got into music is because someone - as a joke , probably - told her that she could make it . I did end up listening to the songs , and I nearly killed myself . `` Changes '' , which was her only hit , was HORRIBLE . If you want to hear the REAL `` Changes '' , buy Black Sabbath 's `` Vol . 4 '' . This was a sad case of a classic destroyed by a new wannabe artist . I ca n't believe that Ozzy agreed to do a duet with her . Ozzy , how could you ? I cringe just thinking about it . If you want real music , buy anything from Black Sabbath , which is the greatest heavy metal band EVER -LRB- only the Ozzy years , though -RRB- , or anything from Ozzy 's first two solo albums.Peace everybody , and keep rocking -LRB- to good music , though -RRB- .
 Although containing 3 songs , this disc is essentially a single . ` Aquarius ' is a less-polished but nearly identical to the album version from ` Music has the Right to Children . ' Similarly , ` Olsen ' is simply a longer rendition from the album.The only remarkable track is ` Happy Cycling , ' which is a really nifty hip-hop-ish mix of the non-existant track 18 from ` Music has the Right to Children . ` This disc is worth owning for ` Happy Cycling , ' but try to find a cheap second-hand copy instead .
 If you already own `` Music has the right to children '' and you are itching for more BoC like I was then just take a deep breath and be content with `` Music . . '' becasue this cd is a money making scheme just about . All the songs on it are the same ones , there is no re-mixing at all . But , there is one exception at the end they play a 2 minute bit that gets you excited but then ends . This is hardly worth 12.99 so looks like you and me are gon na have to wait until BoC makes a new album . Awwwwwwwww hurry up guys !
 I 'm not sure I heard the same CD the other Amazon.com reviewers heard . No swing , no pop , no fun , from my POV . I 'm going to see what I can do to get my money back on this one ; as a last resort , there 's always the used CD store that might buy it from me , or else I can add it to my stack of coasters . The best thing this CD can do for me now is prevent unsightly water spots on my side table .
 As with his old band , Tom Maxwell proves that he employs style over content in his music . MTV has a way of playing a song to death -LRB- the Zippers `` hell '' -RRB- . Then for years to come we must endure the side projects of those one hit wonders . Soon the county fair venues will come calling Tom . This cd is really bad .
 we were at a local cd/bookstore . i purchased omicron 's ` generation and motion of a pulse ' and my friend got ` dark side of the moog 7 ' . earlier that day , we were at a garage sale looking at a jacket . i expressed how much it suc_s when you buy some clothing and know a few days later that you probably arent gon na wear again . she exclaimed it suc_s harder when you buy a cd you dont like . this is what happened when we bought dsotm7 . it was very depressing . we felt like we had to give it a cance , but i had to turn off the car stereo and express to her how bad i felt . she felt the same , as did our friend in the back seat . it was a complete drag . especially for teh $ paid .
 It is essential to have a listening sample - one can not make an educated decision without it !
 ... of those bands whose latest work disappoints me . If like me , you were expecting more ` sorry about tomorrow ' then steer clear . This just was n't * ahem * ` rocking ' enough for my tastes - and felt like a real step backwards -LRB- contrary to the other reviews -RRB- I do n't think they will return to their higher energy material , which for me is a shame , as I was a fan .
 Glassjaw are horrible , i dont know what possessed me to pick this up , but i gave it one listen and then shut it in a draw . Nothing but typical nu-metal power chords and alot of forced wimpy screaming . Theres no melody or ryhthm , just chaotic noise .
 Well after reading all these reviews I got this CD in anticipation that it was gon na be great . I was lead to believe that it was one the best cd 's of this type of music so i went right out and got it . Turns out that glassjaw is not that good at all , their songs have no direction and dont make sense . I 'm all for the screaming and everything but it doesnt work with them , the guitars have to be the worst thing about it , their all over the place , the singer is great and is the only thing that keeps it respectable . Some of the songs alright though , i really liked ape dos mil , and there were a few other decent ones like must have run all day , two tabs of mescaline , cavalcade and convectuoso . So overall , this cd just isnt what i thought it would be since i like bands that are supposed to be like it like the used , thrice , thursay , and other kinds of band like my chemical romance -LRB- which i really recommend -RRB- .
 I find it very hard to understand how anyone could listen to this music , as a vivd music listener and an open minded one at that , this music was the most horrid bit of sound I have ever heard . People need to stop and remember what real talent is , not this uncoordinated , bad singing group . Their music is as is they are making up the guitar riffs as they go , and I do n't find it difficult to scream . So Glassjaw if your ever in need of a new screamer , I 'm your man .
 These guys are from my hometown and always represented a snot nosed segment of the local music scene with their straight edge ethos self righteous posing and hipper than thou attitude . I hated them for it and all the silly people they were associated with , many of them working at local record stores or Tower Records . But Beyond that though this album is awful . It falls apart by the time the first verse on the first song is over . And for me it is really not a question of being able to accept challenging or noisy music , I can . This album is just not good . I believe I owned it for all of a week . I dont even what made me buy it ? Maybe it was something to do with having someone as cool as Vincent Gallo in their video ? But that isnt helping their case any . I mean do these guys have any idea how to write a guitar melody or are they trying so hard to be different or maybe escape the Long Island Stigma making them less cool than their NYC contemporaries , or do they believe that this is somehow more emotional ? Whatver the case may be they would benefit greatly by listening to a Beatles album or even Nirvana , or maybe just one of their peers like the now defunct At The Drive In who can actually write songs and have an incredible lead vocalist . ... Palumbos voice wears really thin . How they ever got that gig opening for the deftones on the white Pony tour I have no idea . I thought they were lame that night and wondered what the hell could this guy be so upset about . A lesson I learned a long time ago is an album full of dissonance is useless , unlistenable and down right annoying if not anchored with good songs , such as Sonic Youth , Girls Vs Boys , etc. . These guys are not them and should take that lesson to heart . It may save them and who knows they might actualy grow up and be a good band next time out . Because I hear some competence in their . They just need to drop the tude and get out of the burbs . A friend summed it up well for me when he said it sounds like everyone is off doing something different and unlike good jazz these guys have no chance of ever making all the racket sound cohesive . It just sounds trite and pathetically self conscious . Buy the new Mars Volta instead and here how music is really done . All your getting here is a bunch of suburbanites posing and trying to convince everyone that just because they signed to warners they are still cool . . BOOOOO !!!!
 I 've seen this band 2 times and believe me both times I wish they wernt on the bill . They are by far the worst band ever and if you like them you should be kicked in the head until theres nothing left of you . Seeing them live is like being kicked in the head anyway .
 Look ! Another band blatantly mimicking At the Drive-In . Someone needs to tell these tools that if they 're going to cop another bands style , they ought to at least make sure that the band is still relevant .
 So here 's the deal my friends . This and Makin Magic are IMHO Pat 's best efforts ever . Unfortunatley after doing some research and downloading MP3 's from both of these `` remastered '' CD 's from Majestic , it sounds as if it was either recorded way too hot , or directly from an old LP . You can hear pops , crackles and the likes on both of them . I returned this and was able to find the album on a double cd called `` Puttin it Straight/Heat in the Street '' from a company called `` One Way '' and the audio quality is night and day . Majestic did very poor jobs on both Makin Magic and Puttin it straight CD 's . Darn shame as they are classic guitar rock albums from an artist who never got the recognition he deserved , Pat is just AWESOME ! So do yourself a favor and if you can , get the 2 album CD version from `` One Way '' who actually mastered them from the studio tapes -LRB- but only had the rights for 2 years , so they can be tough to find -RRB- , not from an LP or so it sounds from the pops and cracks . I only wish Makin Magic were available that way , but as of yet I have not been able to locate a quality remaster of that one . So the 2 star rating has everything to do with quality and nothing to do with the music . Puttin it Straight is a 5 star work of art all they way !!
 With the exception of 3 songs , this `` greatest hits '' is a misnomer . The majority of his songs I ca n't believe were ever actual hits . Basically an unlistenable record .
 The quality of CD is hopeless . Thre are too many glitches . I could not listen all the contents . CD jumps from one song to third song . I will not recommand to buy this CD . The problem is processing of CD . All the songs are excellent and music is very good . The printed label on CD came off .
 This is a classic recording of Marty Robbins . Unfortunately , the copy that was sent to me does not play properly , with many skips and pauses on almost all of the tracks . I would return it if your company policy allowed it .
 I was so excited to find out that this record was finally remastered until I found out that they completely changed the order of the songs how they originally appeared . To listen to an older recording is to listen to how other folks listened to it at the time . It 's rather wrong to mess up the original sequence of things . It 's fine to add extra tracks at the end of the album , but for crying out loud , do n't mess with the song order . Marty would be rolling in his grave I 'm sure .
 The disc features songs of political passion turned into a cabaret performance . It reminds one a little of listening to the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' as delivered at a football game by a narcissistic rock star . The German , Spanish and French lyrics are mis-pronounced , the period music is turned into folk rock cadences and the presentation is anachronistic . Try Paul Robeson .
 The title `` Songs of the Spanish Civil War 1936-1939 '' is deceptive and deceiving.Several songs in the album seems to be , at best , ABOUT the war . Others -LRB- 6 , 18 -RRB- were written by English/American including music by Michael Smith , the performer . Hardly a Spanish song or lyrics.Rozhinkes mit Mandlen -LRB- 20 -RRB- , is to the best of my knowledge an Eastern European -LRB- Jewish ? -RRB- song . I wonder about its relevance to Spain.Worst of all , all the songs are performed a ` la the great American folk style of the 60 ' . I was looking for Spanish songs with Spanish flavor and rhythm not to Peter , Paul & Mary .
 Do n't waste your money like I did . Kathie Lee was a hottie but her CD sucks ! They should use this CD for drive people crazy . The help me look at the world like Jesus song -LRB- track # 7 -RRB- almost made me crash my car .
 I just purchased this CD via digital download , listened to the tracks , and the quality is BAD!It sounds like the mp3 's were digitized using a turntable with a dirty needle ! Or when the mp3 file was created that clipping occurred.As this date that I posting this review , DO NOT BUY these mp3s unless you want to hear cracks and pops!The tracks themsevles are good music , but the sound quality sucks !
 Like the previous reviewer said , this album has MC Hammer written all over it . He produced this album and you can tell because it sounds like a B Side to his `` Pump It Up '' LP . Yeah , `` Juicy Gotcha Crazy '' was a hit and `` Yeah Yeah Yeah '' was a club banger in late ' 88 , - early '89 but the positives about this album end there . It 's so blatantly obvious that Hammer is pulling the strings that you pretty much know that they are n't even writting their own rhymes . You can hear Hammer 's rhyme style all throughout the album . I also know this because I own this CD and I 'm reading the credits -LRB- that 's on the DL though , I have an image to protect -RRB- . They do n't write any of the songs except for `` Say That Then '' which is wack anyway . Overall , the album is pretty much wack . It was wack when it came out and it 's wack now . The album is just too corny to digest . If you want a little more insight as to who these ladies are , then get their 2nd album `` Fully Loaded '' because they had a little more say so with that release . That is , of course , assuming that Oaktown 's 357 fans still exist.Side Note
 *********** BUYER BEWARE ************************ . If you buy this CD for the song Juicy gotcha crazy Ft. B angie B you will be disappointed . Because she is not on the version that is on this album . And futher more the version on the album has some kind of rock sound with guys singing juicy in the background and the ladies rapping do n't even sound like 357 . This song and Yeah , Yeah , Yeah were the only reason I bought the CD . Yeah ... song is cool it still sounds the same . But this messed up juicy version made me angry . I wish I had knew this before I bought it .
 I am sorry but this album was not what I was hoping it would be . I purchased it as a child and own it now as an adult . However , the only reason I do own it was because they attached their videos on DVD . We like it -LRB- Wild & Loose -RRB- and Juicy Gothca Krazy are great songs but only in there video forms . If you are looking for those sames songs as released on video on CD you are n't going to find it . Sad to say but I feel the only reason this album really sold was because many saw the videos first and then purchased the album hoping to hear the same thing .
 The title of this CD is misleading because what is supposed to be kulintang music , entitled Ka-singkil , Vinta , Tahing-Baila , Malong - dance accompaniment for Southern Mindanao dances are not the authentic kulintang music as played by the indigenous peoples of this region . Likewise with Dinuya - dance of the Mountain Province indigenous people . These pieces in this recording are percussion instrumentation as performed by the Bayanihan Dance Company quite different from the traditional percussion -LRB- kulintang and gangsa -RRB- music of the indigenous tribes .
 I thought that this was the song written by Regina Spector because after purchasing one song from her , amazon linked me to this one . I completely regrett that I purchased it on accident . I could n't even listen through the whole thing . Ten seconds was enough for me to decide that it lacks creativity , sounds straight up annoying and is thus total and utter crap . I would have given it zero stars but , amazon made me put at least one . If you are reading this do n't accidentally buy or even buy it on purpose . This song should n't exist .
 I just purchased this CD via digital download , listened to the tracks , and the quality is BAD!It sounds like the mp3 's were digitized using a turntable with a dirty needle ! Or when the mp3 file was created that clipping occurred.As this date that I posting this review , DO NOT BUY these mp3s unless you want to hear cracks and pops!The tracks themsevles are good music , but the sound quality sucks !
 I was REEEEALLY excited when I received my copy of this album . I took it to my car and started listening with the system blasting . I found myself pressing `` next track '' more than loving the music.It 's definitely unique . Some of the songs are REEEALLY good , but the rest make up for it . Ugglor | Mossen might be one of the best songs I 've ever heard . The rest of the cd ca n't compete though . The reason this album earned 2 stars is because this song is on it.I 've reviewed a number of cds and box sets ... if it 's great GOA you 're looking for you get you movin and groovin , go other places . It may be a great album for some of you looking for a unique sound that unmatchable -LRB- like I thought it would be -RRB- , but I ca n't say I 'm satisfied .
 Come on . This should be titled `` Played . '' Moby 's trying to embrace techno again , but he 's run out of time ... I 'd rather listen to `` Go '' ten times in a row .
 With Play , Moby has demonstrated in spades his musical talents by taking multiple influences and mixing them into a single album . I love the `` idea '' of what he was going for , but the product seems lacking . For some , this will be far from true . Each song is well constructed , with a good rythym that makes you want to `` play '' , but the cacophany of ambient style music back to back with `` techno-rap '' does n't work for me . Give me an album of rap or an album of ambient and I 'll pick and choose ; but together it feels like I 've put Vivaldi and the Beastie Boys in my player and hit the shuffle button .
 TECHNO CRAP IF YOU LIKE THIS STUFF GET THIS
 A complete waste of time and money . I bought this based on a few songs I had heard on the radio . Unfortunately , the songs I liked on the radio were not on the album . Aparently the good versions are on the b-sides and remixes . You might want to look there first . I 've only been able bring myself to listen to it a handfull of times . The album has no energy , no spark . None of the songs had that `` play it again '' interest . Several of the songs were of the `` let 's not go there again '' variety.I bought other albums at the same time and they are wonderful
 This CD is so boring ! There are no good up beat trax on this cd , Buy this CD if you like for music to put you to sleep !
 This album was so good everybody wanted to get it from me ! I was able to sell it for 8 within three hours of buying it !
 This is , in my opinion , techno at it 's best . However , because it is techno , it 's AWFUL . Every track here is about twice as long as it should be , and each gets boring after the first minute . I despise techno because it 's always the same thing over , and over , and over . And over . And over . The sampling just rips off other artists , and what little new musical ingenuity exists is buried so deeply in the mix that all you hear is the damn drums and the same samples replayed indefinitely . A little bit of lyrical change would be nice too , instead of `` Rock y' all , gon na stock y' all , to the beat y' all , the bodyrock y' all '' twenty seven times over . And over . And over . And over . And over .
 I honestly fear for mankind after hearing this album . Even more so , I worry about everyone who loves it so much . If you 're finding absolutely anything about this album to be inspiring , exceptional , unique , or even GOOD in the slightest -LRB- with one exception , which I 'll get to later -RRB- , you obviously have n't heard nearly enough REAL music , and obviously have been inducted into the Mindless Drones With Money to Burn Hall of Fame.Moby 's formula is to take a sample , loop it , and add drums . He does this over and over again . There are no exceptions . For some reason , people find this `` deep '' . Some tracks are `` ambient '' -- otherwise known as `` narcoleptic '' . When a song absolutely DOES NOT CHANGE for four minutes -- and what 's there to begin with is hardly exciting -- it 's left the realm of true ambient music and gone into sleep-inducing , terrifyingly bad hype.As for the `` deeper meaning '' behind this obvious attempt to -LSB- put -RSB- out yet another commercialized sellout record -LRB- not like he had any talent whatsoever to begin to sell out with -RRB- , simply put -- there is none ! Where are people finding meaning and substance in `` why does my heart feel so bad '' repeated over and over for 3 minutes ? Where is the purpose and direction in `` gunnahunnagumbay '' ? The lone exception to this rule is the exceptional song `` everloving '' -- download that and enjoy , because if you 're looking for that kind of music , you 'll most likely hate the rest of the album.If you want to listen to real music that actually has substance unlike this amateur -LSB- stuff -RSB- , listen to Delerium 's album Karma ... Enigma 's Screen Behind the Mirror ... . Amethystium 's Aphelion ... . Sorten Muld 's III ... There is so much good music out there -- do n't waste your time on this one .
 If I did n't know any better , I would think that this album was put together in a day as an afterthought . I 've always been a firm believer in simplicity , but I have also been a firm believer in talent , which in the case of Moby , is nonexistant . If become a recording `` artist '' is this easy , what the heck an I doing ? `` Run On '' should of been the name of all the songs .
 This review will never see the light of day , nonetheless it must be written so that hopefully it will have a negative effect on the 41/2 star rating Moby 's album currently has . Sadly the world is ripe for the likes of Moby . Millions upon millions of mindless , musically impaired twits , who think that DJs like Moby are actually musicians , sing -LRB- out of key -RRB- the praises of this modern adaptation of The Emperors New Clothes.His album , Play , is a testament to the depths of human suffering . Surely no man could have more accurately put to disc the sea of emotions present on Play . From boredom to depression , rage -LRB- at his inability to create new music -RRB- to madness , Moby knows pain like no other man in history.That said , Mobys `` album '' is horrible excrement that epitomizes everything that 's wrong with music today . On the other hand if you enjoy repetitious samples and funky drum beats and have an inability to whistle in tune , then Play is right up your alley .
 Sounds like a Volkswagen commercial . I do n't like Volkswagen commercials .
 It 's a moderately good dance record with a couple of stand-out tracks . It 's nowhere near as good or as ground-breaking as ` Everything Is Wrong ' . It 's sample overload . It 's a unfocused . It works in places and not in others . It 's ` clever ' . If you 're dipping a toe into the murky waters of dance music , and you want a ` safe ' CD from a North American artist to play at dinner parties , buy this . It 's better than Deep Forest or Vengaboys.But seriously , how is the Best of 99 list made up ? Who decides ? It 's like a dance music equivalent of a rock list including The Eagles , The Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd . All good acts ... but not in the running any more .
 I bought this CD by reading the comments of few of the other reviewers and to say that I am disappointed would be less . This album in no way can be classified as Techno/Electronica or be compared to Prodigy/Chemical Brothers . Also the music is hackneyed and seems to be inspired by Enigma . Moby has lot more work to do to get into the genre of Prodigy or Chemical Brothers .
 As my title suggests , I was a bit disappointed with `` Play . '' Before I listened to it , I had heard so much about Moby and was expecting a treat.The one song that really delivered was `` South Side . '' Simply put , it sounds great . It is catchy and upbeat and has great music . I loved this song . But the rest of the album is n't as skillfully made.Songs like `` Run On '' , `` Honey '' , `` Bodyrock '' , and `` Natural Blues '' COULD have been great , but are weighed down by excessive repetition . Eventually , it gets to be too much , and I do n't even listen to those songs . Listen to the 30 second samples of those songs ... and you have it all.And then , to top it off , there are those songs that are just completely horrible . I 'm not sure if `` Down Slow '' or `` Inside '' can even be called songs . They do n't really seem to have any sort of structure , just a few minutes of drum machine beats and wavering background music . They are just no fun at all to listen to.Get `` South Side '' off of iTunes and leave it at that .
 This was such a great album when it came out , but maybe I just got sick of hearing the songs played over and over again in commercials . It 's just not happening any more .
 drool continues to fall-out my mouth , for this is unoriginal , insulting to women , and the same old tires blues-rip-off , vomit-inducing flava of mtv .
 The only half decent song on this CD is `` South Side , '' and probably the only reason that song is half decent is because Gwen Stefani sings most of it . The other songs are just plain horrible . No excitement , no nothing . Listen to more than two minutes of this and expect to be asleep . Moby ca n't even sing . This CD is pure trash . I 'm sorry I ever bought it .
 this album - overated ? yes . Overhyped ? yes . overplayed ? yes.are there any redeeming features ? yes . the end.short , but to the point , this album is overated tripe , worthy of nothing but burning .
 It 's such a pity that so many ` top ' artists today have to rely so heavily on the work of others . How can sampling the work of someone else be classed as original ? Once again , this is an album created more from the effort and skill of others than from any new input . Sure , it 's well put together , and it does have it 's moments , but sadly , they owe their origins to other artists rather than Moby .
 What a disappointment ! I had high hopes for this CD after I heard ` Ambient ' , which was my first introduction to Moby and was sonically and compositionally very satisfying . I had downloaded some tracks from ` Play ' such as ` Porcelain ' and ` Down Slow ' -LRB- from the big bad Napster -RRB- and was very exited about getting the entire CD . Sonically , this CD is a nuclear waste zone.This is one of the worst recorded albums I have heard since the 70 's . It is as though it was done on a home computer with a Sound Blaster sound card in the basement of a suburban home -LRB- maybe it was ! -RRB- or a cheap 4 track mixer onto a two track cassette deck . What a waste of wonderful , talented compositions by one of the most talented musician/composer of our times , which , unfortunately , is filled with virtual pop/techno overload . But this is unacceptably in a period where there is such a great amount of high-resolution recording techniques and experienced recording engineers are available to all musicians . I listen with high-resolution sound reproduction equipment and expect no less from the signal encoded on the media.This recording has a vast assortment of annoying imperfections that spoil the entire listening experience . Most of the low frequency is distorted . Some tracks have very noticeable HSSSSSSS ... in the background . -LRB- I could accept this if I though it was an effect that was intended to enhance the recording in some way , but on three or four tracks ? -RRB- . There is also some sort of machine running in the background on several tracks that remind me of a cooling fan on a rack mounted amplifier ... Ambience ? Please do n't take me wrong , this is some of the most innovative music I have heard in quite some time , but lets face it , both the composition and the recording quality have to fit together to make a satisfying and truly great statement to the listening public.There is no substitute for the use of all the modern recording engineer 's bag of tricks and sophisticated equipment on offer in their studios that 's specifically designed to take advantage of the wonderful digital technology available today . I should have just kept the compressed mp3 versions and not wasted $ 14 on the CD because there 's not much difference .
 So I finally downloaded this entire album because of all I heard about it . Yet another shining example of why I should never trust mass opinion when it comes to music . Firstly , this is not techno . If you want techno , go listen to Underworld or Juno Reactor . This is ambient / electronic with soul / R&B samples . A rather intresting idea , but it comes off as remarkably cheesy and not very catchy either.If self-help books came with musical accompinaments , this is what they would sound like . Nice non-thought provoking , non-challenging background music for the masses to lap up . Yum !
 Why is this album held in such high regard ? It sounds like some middle class white kid messing with his parents gospel records . The gritty heart-felt gospel recordings juxtaposed with the cold , synthetic , superficial beats , create an unsettling tension that sounds unintended . He should be made to leave his room and go out and get some exercise .
 Initial I loved this CD , but it did n't last . Soon the tracks started to grate and seem just a to predictable and calculated . Maybe I 'm being unfair , I am comparing to Leftfields Leftism , which still sounds original and fresh 6 years on . Compared to them Moby is twiddling in the sandpit .
 I , a techno fan , hate it . My two best friends , who are avid blues fans , hate it . The songs drag on forever . In fact , the only good thing about this album is the Bodyrock . An Moby 's shiny little head .
 I do not understand why Moby 's music is always placed in the `` techno '' section . For those of you looking for some high energy , up-beat electronic music , this is not the CD to buy . Upon first listening to Play , I was shocked . The whole CD is incredibly bland . Most of the music has very little keyboards in it at all . Play belongs more in the R&B or even Easy Listening category than anywhere else . In addition to the mellow music , the samples thrown in everywhere are repetitive and annoying at times . If you are in the mood for something slower and different though ... you may want to give Play a listen . There are a few tracks that are OK if you like Ambient/Contemporary music , but it 's still not enough to warrant a purchase in my opinion .
 This is one of the most boring albums I 've ever heard . I 've read some of the reviews , and this is not even close to techno/trance/electronica . Not only that , but most of the album was n't even done by Moby . It 's old recycled stuff with a bassline and drum beats spliced in . It does have its redeeming songs like Porcelain , Natural Blues , and the radio-friendly , Bodyrock , but on the whole , this is NOT the album its been hyped up to be .
 i do n't have this cd , but it was playing everywhere between mid-1999 and early 2001 - in stores , on tv , at work ... this is just `` pretty '' music that takes itself way too seriously . it 's nothing original either .
 who knew that there was such a big audience for 93 style trip hop and adult lite jazz . i would recommend just about any electronic cd over this one . Hell , I would even recommend jock jams over this cd.MOBY is serious wack . he failed at his late attempt at switching to grunge rock and now hes jumped back into dance music with a seriously dated style . i gues there are a lot of people who have no clue about dance and electronic music . very dissapointing .
 `` Play '' is a collage of gospel samples mixed with some beginner-level piano work -LRB- think of the piano on `` New Year 's Day '' by U2 and you have a rough idea of the technical level of Moby 's keyboard work -RRB- , some percussion and bass tracks , with some corny lyrics thrown in . Surprisingly , it works . I found myself humming along and tapping my foot.But this work ultimately lacks imagination , and this is its main weakness . Remember the bins of used CD 's by bands like Live or Crash Test Dummies ? Yeah , they were very popular bands , and wrote catchy tunes , and sold lots of CDs . In the true flash-in-the-pan tradition , advertisers have licensed Moby 's tracks , exactly because they are so catchy . But when you listen to this album , the tunes do n't last a merciful 30 seconds like they do on TV . Instead , they last minutes , some of those minutes being very long.So though this album holds some initial interest , it holds up poorly to repeated play , making the listener switch to other CDs like `` Future Sounds of Jazz Vol-5 '' -LRB- with 20 artists , most of them more talented than Moby -RRB- , or Kruder and Dorfmeister , or Amon Tobin , or We , or ... you get the idea . Moby did n't invent the art form of sampling and mixing , and many others have come up with more interesting ideas and better music . I 'm not talking about far-out experimental music , either . I mean that there are people who laid down the groundwork and put together very listenable music that does n't get worn out after 3 sessions of digital to analog conversion.Buy this album only if you like safe pop tunes with a kind of DJ feel to them . Even then , you may tire of `` Play . '' If you are looking for illbient , trance , or acid jazz you may find yourself returning your Moby CD to the local record store , where it will take its place on a rack with all the other pre-owned copies of `` Play . ''
 I 'll try to be even handed about this album . On one hand I accept it is very pleasing to the ear and has sold millions of copies . But does that make it a good album?To many people I 'm sure it does , but to me it does n't . For , in essence , all Moby has done is taken samples of old blues tracks and placed a drumloop and some piano melodies underneath , there 's nothing good about that . In fact it 's very , very lazy.Now I do accept he has done it very well but that does n't change my opinion . I 'm not totally against sampling , but he does it on nearly every track with no use of innovation , then what 's the point ? At least DJ Shadow knows how to ` use ' a sample.The way Moby has shamelessly sold the rights of every track on this album , bar one , to advertisers means also you have probably heard every track already , therefore you may not need to purchase this ` recycled ' album.Well of course it 's upto you , but I prefer the originals !
 I like Moby but when I purchased this CD I listened to the songs and could not find one that I liked . It did not cost that much so I did not feel badly for purchasing it . I eventually gave it to someone that liked it . Next time I will listen to the songs on I-tunes to see if I like them .
 Seriously , how can anyone like this dreck?But before I start my rantings , I must say that `` Bodyrock '' and `` Machete '' are awesome tracks . Unfortunately , in my opinion , they are the ONLY tracks worth listening to on the entire c.d. . Two tracks out of eighteen ... Pretty sad average if you ask me.That is , of course , unless you like listening to old blues and gospel remixed with a techno-feel . But I do have to give credit to his label for picking `` Bodyrock '' as the first , and so far only , single to be released . Had they picked from the other anthing-but-sweet-sixteen pieces of trash , I honestly do n't think that the c.d. would have sold more than 100 copys.But , to each their own .
 People are saying that moby is like a god , that he is one of the world best producer , people say that his this record , Play , is the album of the year , & iquest ; ? . I have heard this is the best techno album ever . I can not understand this things . Please forgive me , but in my view , Play is simply a bad album . The only thing moby has made , is sample some old soul vinyls , and put music behind . And believe me , that the only good things of this album are these voices , which are the only things moby has not made . The drums are simply bad produced , the music is simply , and his voice is , oh my god ! , why anybody has say to moby that he can not sign ? . You could say me you like some of the album songs , but please , DO N'T SAY ME THAT MOBY IS A GOOD PRODUCER AND DO N'T SAY THAT PLAY IS ONE OF THE BEST 90 's ALBUM !!!
 lets put it this way
 I was dinning with some friends of mine when I took a liking for the track that the bartender was playing . When I inquired about them , he said it was Moby 's Play Album . I bought it , it 's the worse music I 've purchased in a while . I 'm upset that the bartender got it wrong . I read Moby 's synopsis on AllMusic.com , I 've got to admit that even AllMusic got him wrong . The guy 's stuff is musically dead .
 I purchased this CD because everyone is raving about it . I mean I ever heard about it on a night time sitcom ... but whatever the case , I found this CD a utter disappointment . granted there are a couple tracks that I thought were okay , but the rest of the CD was a waste . I mean what is going on with the chanting . The bottom line here is people loved this CD becasue it was new , not that it was great .
 at the vidarbha cricket association ground at nagpur on november 28 1997 india ` s saurav ganguly became the fifty one batsman and the 57th occation in test history to join the 99 run club . He is the 6th indian to do so . Table two has the full list of the indian players . In thhe final test in Mumbai Steevve buckner who was officiatin 32 second test match has now empired in mosat matches .
 One good song on the entire album - South side with Gwen Stefani . Rest of the songs have some sort of rap guy and not much if any Moby . Waste of money
 To me it is wrong morally for someone to use the work of people who have passed on in your music.the decest whose old blues vocals he samples arent able to defend there work from this evil techno machine.heres msomething original use a living persons voice for your vocals
 This guy thinks he 's so clever because he `` does '' his own music . Well , machines do most of it , he just presses buttons . But ripping off Aaron Carter and Lizzy Maguire 's style is downright atrocious . Stay away from this carbon copy borefest . I 'm feeling cranky today . Get some original music by real , innovative musicians such as Cannibal Corpse , Stevie Wonder , Aretha Franklin , Death , Led Zeppelin , and Tori Amos , to name but a few . Have a happy day .
 Hearing wonderful reviews of Moby , I decided to check out this album myself . I was very dissapointing . To me , most of the first few tracks are unlistenable . The best song on the album , South Side , is terrific . A wonderful duet with Gwen Stefani of No Doubt , South Side can find a place in everyone 's library of music.Porcelain is another good song , with a very relaxing string orchestra , and although it may not be better than South Side , it delivers very well.Don ' t be the album , just buy those two songs.It 'll save you money and stress .
 When I first listened to this album , I was startled to hear raspy voices and clunky piano sounds combined into what sounded like obnoxious noise . I thought , `` The whole cd ca n't be like this . '' I was right
 this is a commercialized ambient album suited for a soundtrack . i could n't see someone wearing headphones and having a listen to `` play '' . however this lackluster sound of moby 's , complements the products it provides a soundtrack to , rather well.with little phonic creativity and a lot of factory-setting sound , i suggest you do not play `` play '' . press stop then eject .
 Well , I gave this CD a listen and it became just that , merely another CD in the collection . It has some interesting points but too much piano for my tastes . Personally I listen to techno to get away from conventional instruments which I find rather boring . . this is great background music though !
 All my friends were raveing on about this album and I 'd heard some of the tracks which had an instant appeal to me , so I parted with my hard earned cash and bought it . After a few listens the novelty factor began to wear off . The level of musical skill in this album seems to be quite basic and the chord structures are lacking a complexity that makes songs stand out in your memory . It does n't really hang together as an album aswell . It is varied -LRB- which is not a bad thing -RRB- but in this case it just does n't seem to work . This coupled with the fact that moby 's liner notes in the album are pretentious and preachy makes for a dissapointing buy . The album is not without it 's credit where credit 's due of course . `` Run on '' fuses trad jazz vocal harmony with modern dance beats in a nice way and `` porcelain '' has a wonderful backwards string sample which is really distinctive . I would recomend this album to people who like songs from adverts and tina turner -LRB- their chord progressions are similar in case you were searching for a link there -RRB- and not to musicians or people who like `` albums '' rather than particular tracks . `` Play '' has the potential to contain many epic tracks but unfortunately they seem to be lacking one final ingredient to make them great . Just be warned .
 This album is enough to make you want to go to sleep . With the exceptions of tracks 1,5,7 , and 9 -LRB- which rock and save the album -RRB- this album just drags on and on with boring ambient techno -LRB- which is cool , but the ambient techno on this album is just a waste of Moby 's talent -RRB- . Moby 's worst album in my opinion .
 Most of the reviews I 've read say that this is Moby 's best album . I think that Everything is Wrong is a much more interesting and varied album . Play is too long , and the songs all tend to run together . I have never been able to listen to the whole thing , because frankly , it gets a little tedious . It 's true that on the tracks like Honey , Find My Baby and Run On , where Moby samples blues and gospel vocals , the CD really picks up some steam . Unfortunately those tracks do n't really represent the entire album . Check out Everything is Wrong if you 're just coming to Moby 's music .
 First of all , the rhythms of the album are not even remotely close to being compatible with dancing . And if any of them are , you would n't want to dance to them anyway . After reading the introduction to my critique , I 'm sure the other 196 people that reviewed this album and gave it 5 stars are saying `` it 's not about dancing ... it brings out emotions , '' and a whole bunch of other hooey . Okay great ... but stick it in another category like blues or gospel . This album has no business being the number 1 dance/dj pick whatsoever . How this album has anything to do with techno is beyond my understanding , which is probably attributed to the fact that this album is NOT techno . I would n't even call it electronica . It 's more of a fusion between blues and synth sounds in an attempt to reflect how depressed this person feels . If you 're looking for emotional music in the genre of electronica , I suggest CAFE DEL MAR VOL . 5 or UNDERWORLD , which fits more in the realm of techno than MOBY does.Don ' t misinterpret my words ... . I 'm not saying this music is n't good . It 's just that this is n't a dance/dj album ... and it may mislead those of us who enjoy genuine techno , house , and trance . This is just a warning to anyone who finds this album being promoted in the techno section.I 'm sure all of the other people that reviewed this album , giving it five stars , will mark the `` not helpful '' circle on my critique , as they did to the other people who gave this album a bad review . LOL All I have to say is ... this WARNING is n't for you anyway ... you like it ... so why should you concern yourself with my opinion ? LOLI 'm just looking out for my fellow ravers and groovin ' individuals worldwide ... one love , peace !
 Is this the dullest CD of all time ? I 'm not sure , but it certainly is a candidate . Moby is on to a great idea -- the combination of found sound sources with beats -- but the problem is that this is well-tread ground . Many many many have been here before . Moby adds nothing to the genre . His source material is also mined from the same veins that have been used so much before . This is kind of like Fat Boy Slim -- but not as catchy.There is a great record yet to be made with this concept . This is n't it .
 Another overrated record . Moby found some old blues recordings and slapped them on top of disco , probably because they are in the public domain and he does n't have to pay any royalties . Sure he 's ripping off the man , just like all the white boys of the past , and all the kids will buy it not knowing where to find the real thing . He is obviously desperate for a new direction , since this CD seems completely directionless . If you like these bogus beats , go get yourself some R.L. Burnside and treat yourself to the real thing .
 Why is n't this guy on the Wyndham Hill label ? Lightweight music and , in the liner notes , lightweight musings . Not necessarily bad , but I do n't own an elevator .
 Is it Trance ? No . Is it Techno ? No . Is it House ? No . Is it even Electronica ? No . So what is it ? I have no idea . It is truly sad to watch one of the original gods of electronica fall to such ... trash . The CD is simply a pop CD for the masses . Nothing more . It is 18 tracks of piano , slow beats and 70s `` wawaah '' guitars . There is no life in this ablum . Now I know why he was jumping on the cover ; he is smashing his soul to please the masses . I suppose to the average person this Muzak-esque mix might not be all that bad . But to those of us who embraced Moby when he was new , and understand Electronica , it is a dark betrayal that really deserves nothing , much less the multi-millions of dollars that he has earned through copywriting and album sales . It is , in all honesty , one of the most successful albums of all time . But does that make it a good CD ? No . That makes it Pop . On a brighter note , the song `` Natural Blues '' is extremely well done . And `` Why does my hear feel so bad ? '' can be also passed as music . But you can get a Katcha remix of `` Natural Blues '' on the Gatecrasher Global Sound System CD that is much faster and club worthy . ATB also has a remix of `` Why does my heart ... '' on the Ibiza '99 CD that is better than the original . Both remixes have more life , more beat and more energy than this entire CD . So why bother picking this one up ? If you are looking for good Electronica , go somewhere else . If you are looking for pop , you 've come to the right place . Sadly , the true Moby that we know and loved is dead .
 I purchased this cd on someone 's fervent recommendation , and am pretty disappointed in the very limited scope of this artist 's work , as well as in the over-use of sampling . The piano flourishes are in no way clever or interesting . This is merely ho-hum dance hall stuff without any real depth . You want enlightenment ? Check out ANYTHING by Orbital ; they understand and employ technology and polyphony better than just about any group . Also , Moby 's proselytizing in the liner notes are just so annoying !
 The first track starts off with `` Gunna Hunny Gum Bay '' -LRB- or whatever it is that they 're saying -RRB- ... and I kept waiting for it to change ; but it never did . Sure , he added some drums in later -- but is this MUSIC ? NO . `` Gunna Hunny Gum Bay '' repeated somewhere around 124 times in 3:30 is just ... it 's a waste of time both to listen to and to have produced.My main problem is with Moby -- the guy has the biggest ego on earth , but he makes such BAD MUSIC ... how can anyone who churns out tracks like Run On even believe for a second that he has any talent whatsoever ? Even if his music was good , he thinks far too highly of himself . It 's sad what fame does to people ... Moving on , we come to tracks such as Find My Baby . . in which the same thing happens . Take a dead person 's music , loop it without any changes , add in a drum , and repeat the same boring sound over and over again for as long as you can stand . And in this case , Moby 's tolerance for the utterly mindless repetition of the same sounds and drums over and over and over again is far higher than most people 's . I ca n't imagine the kind of people who really enjoy music like this . You have a single sample , played at the very beginning of the song , that just continuously loops over and over again ; with slight drums and orchestrated `` sweeps '' , but it 's not ... this is n't MUSIC.Porcelain is a much better track , but again it goes nowhere . However , it sounds good , so I 'm not so concerned.Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad ? does the same pattern -- completely mindless , nonchanging rhythms and single sample.Southside is totally different , and I do n't happen to particularly like it , but at least it 's something you can LISTEN to.In the interest of time , I 'll highlight some extra tracks -- Machete is actually not so bad , but again it 's INCREDIBLY repetitive and got boring after the second listen ... The rest of the album is mostly ambient pieces that go nowhere . I thought it was great how I could skip around all I wanted with my CD player and not notice a single actual change in any of these pieces no matter how hard I tried to find it . A string sweep for 4 minutes is NOT exactly my definition of a good song ... And then we come to Everloving . And no matter what prejudice you have against the guy , and his ego , and his music ... Everloving is an astounding track . Truly , life-changingly astounding . The fact that it 's made by this guy makes me even more frustrated . But the fact remains -- that song is amazing . Standing out amidst all this other hideous repetition , it seems like someone else 's song -- knowing Moby , it probably is.Download Everloving , and if you love it , do n't get the album . No other track is anything like it.In short ... do n't buy this album . Spend your money on something more meaningful than a loop and a drum sample repeated over and over again for an hour and six minutes .
 This album is just awful . I bought it expecting something completely different , like content . It 's just a series of sampling tracks , as if Fatboy Slim teamed up with the mid 90 's group `` Beautiful People '' for a duets album . It has one redeeming quality ... I think it would be a valuable resource for an avertising exec for commercial music . I recognized two tracks that are currently background music in TV commercials . And do n't get me started on the liner notes . Moby missed their audience with my purchase . My dog liked it though , he 's crunching on it now .
 Moby chose samples dripping with soul , and threw sterile beats around them . The work was already done for him . He did n't write a lot of this , he just arranged cute little sound collages . Yee haw . This record should come off as blasphemous , but it is just an honest , silly record .
 I feel that this CD is seriously flawed . Mixing house techno blues jazz and gospel and etc. is only natural . They are all part of the same family of american midwestern music.unfortunately , I found mobys blend of styles to be very inneffective and clumsy .
 Extremely basic , and fairly sad effort all in all . The fact that it 's so popular just proves how bad pop music has become and how little people actually listen to music . Because you really listened to this album you would n't hear alot!Worst of all you can hear the plagerism in all the songs.But it 's catchy and makes people happy so i give in minor credit .
 I have recently gotten into the likes of Prodigy , Chemical Brothers , and Orbital . Maybe it was my bad for not doing more research , but Play is boring to me and I hope I can help others with my taste avoid it.If you are looking for upbeat electonic stuff , -LRB- Prodigy Fat of the Land and Orbital II are my favs -RRB- stay far away from this . If you want repetitive gospel type singing laid over basic beats , knock yourself out .
 I bought a 12 inch version of Go , years ago . I bought this last week . What a bore ! But my grandma like it , she said it was ` pretty ' so I guess I 'll give it 2 stars for my grandma .
 I want to know what drugs the people who are giving rave reviews are on.I have listened to just about all of Moby 's songs and the only one I liked was Porcelain.The rest were boring at best.Talk about a one hit wonder !
 after listening to this album a couple of time , I got so sick of hearing it , it not one of those albums that grows in appreciation the more u listen to it , the only half decent tracks , would b towards the end . i can just say-i ' , m glad i got it off a friend because it 's not worth paying the money for . it blues with a facelift that did n't seem to work out too well .
 Hello Readers-Now I know why I was hypnotized by the sound of Moby 's `` Everloving '' . If you 're a Cure devotee like me , you 'll notice that if you sing `` Apart '' to the beat of `` Everloving '' it fits perfectly . Now I do n't know if Moby had `` Apart '' in mind when he composed `` Everloving '' , but it sure sounds like it . Either way it 's a great instrumental w / a tinge of new wave/gothic-just like The Cure !
 Upon getting this album I was incredibly exited because of all the good hype that I had heard . However little did I know that I was in for a horrible disappointment . This album is terrible . The only reason that people rave about it so much in my opinion is that they think that it is `` new '' and `` fresh , '' when infact it was a poorly made album by a poor artist . Moby takes old southern gospel tracks and tries to turn them into some sort of `` original techno . '' Instead all he has done is take a bunch of dated songs that are n't very good to begin with and do what he does best , make them sound worse . Every Moby album that I have ever heard has been painful to my ears and Play seems to keep the tradition alive .
 The only track worthy of praise -LRB- and 2 stars -RRB- on this album is the ephemeral `` Porcelain . '' Everything else is just remixed computer-samples spun a few hundred times too many . Put some old gospel and blues songs in a Roland washing machine and this is what you get.B o r i n g ... You 'd think someone with only one name would be more interesting . `` Play '' is an example of what happens when you sign with the big money record producers . Pop goes the weasel ...
 At first I kinda liked the album although it was n't much to listen to . After a few more listens it just fell apart . Added to this was that the feeling you had heard all the songs before and by now it had really begun to grate on your nerves . It has the feeling of one song been sped up and slowed down and there are incidental words just thrown across it every now and then without thinking of the consequences . If you are a pop loving soul , then by all means buy this album -LRB- if you have n't got it already -RRB- . If like Eminem -LRB- which I also do n't like but I think he 's got a point with Moby -RRB- then just do n't listen to this . If you are looking for some really nice ambient dance music may I suggest The Orb or Boards Of Canada . They make music with a lot more imagination than you 'll hear from this pile of waste
 '' ... they could grow grass on a. . . '' What ? It says `` Read More '' ... where is that ?
 This CD is very repetitive . The song structures are simple and there is no development . I do n't consider this techno , it 's Pop music -LRB- not that that 's WRONG , but ... if you 're looking for TECHNO , look elsewhere - like Fluke , Underworld , Squarepusher , Plaid , Autechre , etc. -RRB- Porcelain is a good wholesome electronic song ; I like it -LRB- who would n't ? -RRB- The rest sound gimmicky - It 's all very listenable , but it does n't take your mind or emotions anyplace . You just sit , listen , ok ... it 's fine for the dentist 's office . I 'll still listen to my copy -LRB- which was a very thoughtful gift after I showed interest in exploring it due to the ratings -RRB- . Some songs are good -- porcelain and ... I believe it is track 9 , machete ... whichever one sounds techno-like ... these are good songs . The rest is just very so-so . Some old blues line - and I mean ONE LINE , repeated incessantly over the same simple beat ... that is a good majority of this CD . Really , this disc should probably get a little more than two stars because it is more enjoyable than another cd I recently gave a 2-star rating to . But I just ca n't believe how overrated this album is . They 'll be playing these songs in Meijer 's in a couple of years .
 Is it Trance ? No . Is it Techno ? No . Is it House ? No . Is it even Electronica ? No . So what is it ? I have no idea . It is truly sad to watch one of the original gods of electronica fall to such ... trash . The CD is simply a pop CD for the masses . Nothing more . It is 18 tracks of piano , slow beats and 70s `` wawaah '' guitars . There is no life in this ablum . Now I know why he was jumping on the cover ; he is smashing his soul to please the masses . I suppose to the average person this Muzak-esque mix might not be all that bad . But to those of us who embraced Moby when he was new , and understand Electronica , it is a dark betrayal that really deserves nothing , much less the multi-millions of dollars that he has earned through copywriting and album sales . It is , in all honesty , one of the most successful albums of all time . But does that make it a good CD ? No . That makes it Pop . On a brighter note , the song `` Natural Blues '' is extremely well done . And `` Why does my hear feel so bad ? '' can be also passed as music . But you can get a Katcha remix of `` Natural Blues '' on the Gatecrasher Global Sound System CD that is much faster and club worthy . ATB also has a remix of `` Why does my heart ... '' on the Ibiza '99 CD that is better than the original . Both remixes have more life , more beat and more energy than this entire CD . So why bother picking this one up ? If you are looking for good Electronica , go somewhere else . If you are looking for pop , you 've come to the right place . Sadly , the true Moby that we know and loved is dead .
 Is there anyone else out there who gets a little sick of having the same gospel-blues sample jackhammered repeatedly into your skull while an uninteresting techno-throb bounces aimlessly behind it ? Yes , I thought the album was interesting the first time I listened to it , but the novelty wears off quickly . Any CD that , during your third time listening to it , you start skipping to the next track halfway through the song because you 've HEARD ENOUGH OF THE SAME THING , ALREADY , needs to get dropped off at your nearest CD trading post ASAP . For electronica that truly moves body and soul , check out UNDERWORLD , and leave the ponderous , pretentious Moby on the shelf for the next sod .
 I bought this thinking I 'd like it a lot . Every review I read made it sound like the type of music I 'd like to own , esp . the idea that this was groundbreaking genre bending man-machine melding music . The clips sounded good too . Unfortunately , the clips pretty much summed up the album , and when I stuck it into my stereo expecting more content than a few 30 second real audio samples could provide -LRB- which I usually get , even from albums I do n't like -RRB- I was disapointed . Moby takes some good ideas and goes nowhere with them .
 I bought this CD and was struck by how souless it is . The disk is nothing special though it has its moments , mostly in the last third of the disk . I do n't understand the hype . Look elsewhere .
 interesting introduction to pink floyd 's legendary `` missing '' founding memeber ... who 's most-often described in this dvd , as being `` beautiful '' yet there 's not enough footage of this beautiful person , to satisfy my longing to learn more about him ... but still worth seeing - if only , for the footage of robyn hitchock playing several of syd 's tunes with such a heartfelt reverance that it inspired me to want to hear more from both of them !
 This album is filled with some of the worst song writing I 've heard in years . It somehow looses all its rythum after getting started , and sounds like a pop singer trying to find what the blues are . Just when you think Castro is about to get started and play some guitar rifs , he does n't hesitate to disapoint you ! How dare anyone compare this guy with Robert Cray !!! Save your money , would n't recommend this klunker to anyone .
 This album is filled with some of the worst song writing I 've heard in years . It somehow looses all its rythum after getting started , and sounds like a pop singer trying to find what the blues are . Just when you think Castro is about to get started and play some guitar rifs , he does n't hesitate to disapoint you ! Save your money , would n't recommend this klunker to anyone .
 Just got my copy of this a few days ago . I 've spinned this disc at least 5 times since then , and nothing seems to impress me . I love black metal -LRB- usually the primitive sort -RRB- , and love Frost 's drumming , but this album justs goes down sour ! There a few fleeting moments -LRB- track 3 -RRB- , but other than , it leaves me cold -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . If you are a fan of hyperblast death black metal -LRB- Marduk , Setherial , Dark Funeral -RRB- , then you might like this . One good thing , the vocals , sound exactly like Satyr . I 'm still hoping it latches on to me later , I hate wasting money on CD 's !!!!!
 This is one of the worst black metal albums I 've ever bought . I hate saying it here , becasue these guys are very talented . Frost rips it up , but I do n't know if I 've ever heard a disc with so little passion . The guitar sound BAAADDD , and not in a cool black metal way . This album sounds like a caricature of all the worst traits of black metal . I think that 's the best way to put it .
 Here 's a disc that should 've been titled ` Raw Live Cuts ' or maybe ` Bootleg Bits Of Home Tapes ' . The first three songs `` Rambling Rose '' , `` Kick Out The Jams '' and `` Come Together '' are of rather dismal sound quality , but rest assure , ` Greatest Hits Live ' does get better . Decent sounding tracks would be `` Rocket Reducer # 62 '' , the bootie-stomping `` Looking At You '' , `` Human Being Lawnmower '' , `` Borderline '' , `` I Want You '' , and `` Black To Comm '' . Keep in mind that these songs do have MUCH of a bootleg vibe to them . There are a few covers like James Brown 's `` Cold Sweat '' and Cream 's `` Born Under A Bad Sign '' . It 's more than safe to say that ` Greatest ... ' is aimed toward collectors and MC 5 completists .
 All MC5 fans are hoping that a concert as clean as `` Jams '' will someday surface . -LRB- W 're also hoping that Electra will release the complete `` Jams '' sessions ! -RRB- But this CD is just another collection of non-soundboard live recordings . Not too listenible and even less entertaining . So far the only postumous MC5 CDs worth picking up are `` Babes In Arms '' , `` Thunder Express '' and `` Big Bang '' . -LRB- MC5 fans should sniff out Rob Tyner 's incredible solo swan song `` Bloodbrothers '' ! -RRB-
 With all the great material in the WEA vaults , why Warner Music UK chose to package and release these also-rans is a mystery . The material has a boring sameness to it I am not used to in an Oldies Collection . Dee Dee Warwick , Darrow Fletcher , Barbara Lynn & Mary Wells are all outstanding artists that I normally look forward to listening to , but who you would not normally identify with the disco or pre-disco period of American music . The selections on this CD display these and other artists ' work out of their normal areas of expertise . This one is surely going to a back shelf .
 The songs are third rated ones that do not inspire . Listening to these songs had to be one time only deal .
 well i do n't they take them seriously but allright these two girls are tennagers and need some sort of time to refine there music.this is some kind of mainstream pop music you will se them today but in about five years i do n't think so .
 I need to know the words in this song so I know what it is like before I buy it . The reason I did rated this CD with one star is because I 've never heard it before .
 There are the odd -LRB- 2 , I think -RRB- Hammond tracks which have a bit of life about them , but if you are into nodding your head , you 'll be perplexed when the meandering spoken-word tracks kick in . Apparently to live in Norway and be a dog is a great way of life . Yeah , I 'll give that a go Bugge , thanks for the advice.I also own Bugge 's `` Moving '' , which is a much grooooovier proposition . I give that 3.5 Stars , for tracks 1 and 3 alone .
 I did n't find the music relaxing or energizing . I was too distracted by the fact that it reminded me of bad early 80s music . But on the plus side , it made me want to put on a shiny leotard and leg warmers .
 Let me start right out and give Sawyer his due ... he is a great Uke player.Now let 's look at the album length ... 33 minutes on a CD is exactly like buying a vinyl album and discovering it only has grooves on one side of it ... I felt ripped off right away.Next let me say that another entirely too predictable rendition of The Sloop John B adds nothing to the album , nor does the sort of awful vocal rendering.I was wondering just who he paid to produce this album and I think therein lies the problem . It is self produced . A Uke player he is ... a producer he is not . And Jake Shimabukuru he sure is not , either .
 This is probably the worst CD Sawyer Brown has ever came out with . Out of the 11 songs , only about 4 are worth listening to . I recommend you listen to it before you waste any of your hard earned cash on this .
 This originally came as a three disc set
 This import sounds like a poor bootleg tape . Even if you enjoy the blues sound of early Fleetwood Mac , this one is pure misery . Stick with the legitimate labels
 Video only?Absolutely no sound from this `` NTSC '' DVD.I tried it on multiple machines and several computers ... No dice ... the soundtrack is absent.You have an ideal picture of the artists performing their very silent show.Not very satisfying ... I 'd rather hear and not see a band than see and not hear a band.just a bit pissed in Puyallup , WA
 Neuroactive seems to have jumpstarted the current trend in EBM today - a softer styling that brings in hints of synthpop , as evidenced on the newest Apoptygma Berzerk , VNV Nation , and Covenant releases . There 's a general movement toward a more accessible style , and Phonic Trace knows how to work it.Phonic Trace has all the elements to draw in an unsuspecting listener
 I love Motorhead !! ... Therefore I am going to be brutally honest here . This CD is not what it appears to be . The song list is decent , but no Girlschool/Motorhead -LRB- Motorschool ? Girlhead ? -RRB- songs are included . - As for the `` mugger '' tapes ... Who wouldn `` t LOVE to hear Lemmy belt out `` Cinnamon Girl '' , `` Summertime Blues '' or `` Somthin ' Else '' ? ... . Well guess what , you wo n't here . The `` Muggers '' were a pick up band of `` Fast '' Eddie Clarke 's and `` Philthy '' Animal Taylor 's -LRB- original M'head members for the uneducated -RRB- . Lemmy had nothing to do w / it ... and just as well . This was strictly a coverband recorded at a party with a -LRB- rightfully so -RRB- un-enthusiastic audience . Do not waste your time/money ... Buy `` No Remorse '' , `` 1916 '' & `` No Sleep til Hammersmith '' ... . These are ESSENTIAL listening . Oh well . . at least there is a NIN-style remake of `` Ace of Spades '' on here .
 I thought this CD package would be a good value for my money . I could n't pass up 100 Christian songs for my little baby ! However , upon listening to the CD 's , I have realized that I would have been better off getting a CD with fewer songs . In order to scrounge up 100 Christian songs , they have included traditional hymns that have been ruined by setting them to a rap-style beat . My toddler has no taste in rap music yet , and neither do I . It would n't have been so bad if they had lumped all the rap songs together on one CD which I could then ignore , but each CD includes some of these offending songs . It really ruined the whole set for me and six months later I realize I have n't listened to those CD 's since the first month I purchased them . Therefore , I am offering this product review to warn off other parents who may not like rap music mixed in with Christian songs for their children .
 After their great `` Attitude '' album and their brilliant `` Deepa '' album , I happily paid full import price for this piece of rubbish . With `` Attitude '' they used good producers like Gerald LeVert , Chuckii Booker , Zac Harmon etc. . They then got their own lead singer Steve Russell to produce most of `` Deepa '' with help from Gerald LeVert and a Babyface penned song . However they used Demetrius Shipp for 4 -LRB- funky Michael Jackson like -RRB- songs on `` Deepa '' which worked nicely . On `` Lil Sumpin ' Sumpin ' '' Demetrius Shipp produced the whole album . It 's fairly funky with forgettable melodies . I have tried many times to enjoy this album without success . It seems like Demetrius Shipp took over Troop because they lost a couple of members and are now praising Allah when formerly they were praising God . -LRB- I am non religious . -RRB- Luckily for their final album , the decent `` Mayday '' they got rid of Demetrius Shipp and got their original line up back . Only get this CD if you already own their other excellent albums and you see this in a bargain bin or cheap at a pawn shop .
 The track listing for my version seems to be different to others . Mine plays : True LoveNo ProblemI Choose YouStone ColdSex AppealWork To Make It Work 99All The Will In The WorldYou 're Not The Only OneMr Wise GuyLet 's Get It On 99TennisTwenty Million ThingsLet me say first up that I 'm as big a RP fan as anyone . He was my first main musical influence having gotten into him at age 10 with Heavy Nova and my respect and admiration for him has n't wavered since . We even share -LRB- d -RRB- the same birthday . I love almost everything he 's done , so this album was a big disappointment.After a five year break following one of his best albums -LRB- Honey -RRB- I was looking forward to this one . Even more so when I discovered that most of the compositions were his , not covers . RP 's at his best when he 's singing his own work -LRB- use Clues , Heavy Nova and Honey as examples - his three best albums , mostly self penned -RRB- and with only two covers here and five years to write , things were looking good.The album though ranks close to boring.True Love is a great number and a suitable lead single . After that though you have to get past eight ordinary tracks until you get to something resembling decent.Of those eight , No Problem and Work To Make It Work are the only standouts . Both though would rank as fillers on any other RP album . The original version of WTMIW was the weakest track on Pressure Drop and it has n't changed all that much . Certainly not improved.After these tracks you 're nearing the end of the album and thrown in is a cover of Let 's Get It On which to me sounds like the exact same vocal track that featured on the Power Station album , Living In Fear from 1996 . It 's a good track and shortened from the version on that album , but not as good.Tennis is a surprise . A touch of reggae , it should be annoying but is n't . It 's catchy and fun but let down by the last minute of uptempo mess.The final track , Twenty Million Things is one of the best songs RP has ever done . It does n't really fit in with the rest of the album but I 'm glad it 's here.If you 're a die hard nad do n't already have it , then go ahead and get it . Otherwise , track down Twenty Million Things and leave the rest - your opinion of them will only be hightened but ignoring them .
 I 've been a Robert Palmer fan for several years now and I have all of his albums . I hate to hear anything bad about his music but I find this album a bit of a let down , especially after waiting such a long time for it 's release . The tracks are too keyboard orientated and this spoils it for me . The single ` True love ' is exceptional as is the wonderful ` Stone Cold ' -LRB- with it 's great vocal arrangements -RRB- . The album showcases Palmer 's splendid vocal , however the songs just do n't cut it . Take my advice , buy ` Honey ' or ` Heavy Nova ' instead .
 Throughout the 80 's Robert Palmer released some great albums and thus built himself a reputation for high levels of musicianship and an air of suave sophistication . But if you ask me on this album Palmer blew it big style . The problem is he has taken on too much himself playing most of the instruments himself and masterminding the production . As David Lloyd so rightly says in his review the album has too much keyboard on it and ends up sounding to clean and clynical even on the more soulful tracks . The whole album left me ` Stone Cold . '
 Am I being to harsh ? Maybe . But I have come to know Robert for his sly wit and the way he says what you think he 's saying but he said something else . This cd has none of the qualities I like in Robert Palmer . I love Do n't Explain , Honey , and his 1st album was great . I 'm well versed in Palmer , and this cd has few great verses . It does contain 2 must haves
 The music is wonderful , but I was extremely disappointed with the sound of this CD.This release has been remixed by producer Robert Parker with digital stereo effects and other `` enhancements '' that result in a very artificial , unbalanced sound . For example , the bass has been over-emphasized with instruments like the piano almost completely buried in the mix . Perhaps this is the producer 's idea of making the music accessible to `` modern ears '' . If you know Helen Kane 's music from old 78s or LPs , you may find this remastering to be very disturbing . Sure , the bass thunders on your sub-woofers , but is that appropriate for music from this era?There are many fine labels that reissue older music without ruining the sound , such as Arhoolie , Document , Rounder , Smithsonian-Folkways and Yazoo . I 'm hopeful that one of them will reissue the Helen Kane recordings in an unmolested form.Please understand that this is purely a matter of personal taste . If fake stereo and other digital enhancements do n't bother you , then buy this CD . The music really is terrific . However , if you prefer a more natural sound to vintage recordings , then avoid this like the plague . I only wish I had seen a review like this before I wasted my own money .
 The sound musically is good . That 's the only reason I give it one star . But for the vocals no stars . If you do n't care who sings , then buy it . I regret buying this cd , because the vocals do n't appeal to me . Take advantage of the `` Listen to '' songs when available . Unfortunately on this cd that option is not available . But many others do have it .
 Just a few years ago , `` Elvis
 When I saw this on the shelf at Wal-Mart , I thought ... `` Here we go again ... another greatest hits collection . '' All of these songs have been released time and time again in various other collections . A few years ago when Elv1s 30 # 1 Hits came out , I bought it . A few years later 2nd to None came out and I bought that . HOWEVER , HitStory arrived , I was shocked to see it being nothing more than the previous 2 collections sold with a new CD . Why would I spend money on CDs I already have ? This is not to say that the King 's music is not important ... IT IS THE BEST . But why spend money on something you already own ?
 Bought this CD ... enjoyed it about 3 weeks , then it started skipping ... returned for a exchange and the second one did the same thing ...
 The 1 star is for the poor selection.I am a big fan of Fareed Alatrash and have every song he has on cassettee or cd . I can categorically state thatthis cd is an awful selection that is totally unrepresentative of Fareed . Keep in mind that one cd ca n't possibly do justice to a genious with his depth and breadth . The selection probably has more to do with what EMI could get publishing rights for than anything else . With that said , tracks 1 and 5 are better than the other three . An excellent variety is available from specialized websites like maqam dot com -LRB- maqam.com -RRB- where I got all my cd 's . There are also dedicated farid-el-atrache websites .
 The 1 star is for the poor selection.I am a big fan of Fareed Alatrash and have every song he has on cassettee or cd . I can categorically state thatthis cd is an awful selection that is totally unrepresentative of Fareed . Keep in mind that one cd ca n't possibly do justice to a genious with his depth and breadth . The selection probably has more to do with what EMI could get publishing rights for than anything else . With that said , tracks 1 and 5 are better than the other three . An excellent variety is available from specialized websites like maqam dot com -LRB- maqam.com -RRB- where I got all my cd 's . There are also dedicated farid-el-atrache websites .
 I purchased Radio Disney Kid Jams only because Hanson 's song River is on it !! I only gave it one star because there 's only 1 Hanson song on it and there should be more ! Maybe you think I 'm being unfair , maybe you think that I 'm a diehard fan , well , 1 . I 'm not being unfair because Hanson is the best band in the world and 2 . I AM a diehard fan !! YEAH ! Okay , BYE !
 Cause and Effect is n't that great of a band , but they seem to be a strong influence on Faith Assembly . Think droning male lead vocals , with synth lines straight from the bedroom studio . This would not be so bad in itself , but some of the lyrics either swim through so much cliche and/or are such cheesy groaners that I personally ca n't keep myself from poking for the track advance button on my player.If you are stuck in a circa 1990 's synth pop rut and do not have terribly discerning tastes , this album is for you . For the rest of you , may I suggest something along the lines of C&E ; 's The Sunrise E.P. instead for contemporary synth pop of a similiarly mellow style.Cheers !
 I thought this CD package would be a good value for my money . I could n't pass up 100 Christian songs for my little baby ! However , upon listening to the CD 's , I have realized that I would have been better off getting a CD with fewer songs . In order to scrounge up 100 Christian songs , they have included traditional hymns that have been ruined by setting them to a rap-style beat . My toddler has no taste in rap music yet , and neither do I . It would n't have been so bad if they had lumped all the rap songs together on one CD which I could then ignore , but each CD includes some of these offending songs . It really ruined the whole set for me and six months later I realize I have n't listened to those CD 's since the first month I purchased them . Therefore , I am offering this product review to warn off other parents who may not like rap music mixed in with Christian songs for their children .
 This is a regretfully mismanaged product . The quality of the disc is acceptable . The quality of the packaging is abysmal . There is no information about the credits for the production . The track listing includes only the track number and the title . No performer names , no timings . in fact , there is no differentiation between the production tracks and the bonus tracks . This CD appears to have been produced by people with no knowledge of the material , nor interest in it . I felt cheated by what I got .
 This is supposed to be a swing/metal crossover band , but it 's really just some rudimentary amateurish Black Sabbath style metal with a singer who makes a really weak attempt at a swing croon . There is no genuine elements of swing in this music , it 's just a bunch of talentless metal guys attempting something they have no real grasp of . There is n't even really any genuine elements of metal either , it 's basically just stoner/hard rock .
 I hate to say this , but the cover art is the best part , by far , of this CD . I own EVERYTHING Mannheim Steamroller has ever produced , and I know what to expect from Chip Davis ' eclectic arrangements . That being said , I was very underwhelmed by this offering . What it seems to be is a collection of intros that end before getting to the `` meat '' of the songs.If you are looking for something that will leave you whistling familiar Disney tunes , this is n't it .
 I like Mannheim Steamroller 's Christmas music . I also like some of their earlier `` Fresh Aire '' music . And I really like Disneyland and most of the Disney movies . So you 'd think it would be a no-brainer that I 'd like `` Mannheim Steamroller Meets the Mouse , '' as in Mickey Mouse , right ? Well , I thought the same thing and unfortunately we 're both wrong on that one.There 's not much originality here - each song sounds pretty much the same . It 's all got the same cheesy fake new-agey synth sound to it that ruined the Fresh Aire series when it came to numbers 5 and 6 . Gone is the variety and freshness of sound that characterized the first three and made them so delightful to listen to . You can pick out the Disney tunes easily enough , but it sounds like Chip Davis was on autopilot when he cranked these out , and it pretty much stinks of commerciality . I kind of like a couple of the songs -LRB- `` Chim Chim Cher-Ee '' from Mary Poppins and `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' from Pinnochio -RRB- but some are downright dreadful -LRB- the `` Mickey Mouse March '' sounds more like a funeral march -RRB- . And none are worth listening to anywhere but Disneyland -LRB- I think they play a few of them around the park , including the evening parades -RRB- which is the only place these songs will have any magic .
 Most other reviewers listed here believe that this CD is good - I wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary Mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier Mannheim CD 's have made it difficult to critique a Mannheim offering ! I am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular CD sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . In fact , if I was not paying specific attention , I could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! I enjoyed what I heard , but I was certainly expecting more from this CD - many of these Disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . Disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . I do , however , highly recommend Mannheim CD 's in general - just not this one !
 Okay , it 's cute . Listening to this with all the trademark MS sounds and rhythm patterns makes one wish that Chip Davis would go back to composing his own material . Was this necessary for any reason other than to make some big bucks ? Disney music has been done to death and one more take on it seems a creative waste of time . Come on , Chip , tap the well of inspiration that gave us Fresh Aire V , VI , and VII . We do n't need any more warmed over Christmas or toy store Disney music .
 The key word in the title is `` unique . '' I 'll give it that . I 'm sure the contents pass muster as `` art , '' and in that regard , I know what I like ; this ai n't it . Most of these tracks take forever to go anywhere and sound like Chip Davis & Co. have just discovered synthesizers and looping software . The only really listenable track is `` Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah '' , which establishes fairly quickly and at least sounds like the song it 's supposed to be . Even it , along with most of the others , is a study in `` Hey , Mom , watch this ! '' sound effects generation unworthy of either the Disney moniker or Mannheim Steamroller . `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' tangled up with `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' - with neither really coming to the fore - borders on insulting ; Jiminy Cricket would not be happy ! Unless you 're a fan of early Moog experiments , pass on this one .
 Uh I think this is probably just me do please do n't be offended , but I just listened to the samples and I think that unless I knew the titles , I would n't know what the it was from ... Under the Sea sounded like just a bunch of bubbles and all you heard in Hakuna Matata was this guy saying Hakuna Matata . Supercalifragicious was the only song that I gould tell what it was ...
 If you like Mannheim Steamroller and you like Disney music , this is an good ensemble . I was not disappointed with the music , but I was disappointed with the total length of the recordings . I expect to buy newly recorded CDs with at least 60 minutes worth of music .
 It all sounds the same ! Maybe that 's because a lot of disney songs have the same theme running through them ? Definitely not the best Mannheim .
 This CD does not come close to recapturing the spirit of The Box Tops in the 60 's . Of the 14 songs on this CD , only two are worth listening to . Alex Chilton has lost the distinct tones that were prevelent in his voice in his youth . As you can tell , I was highly disappointed in this CD .
 Please do not get me wrong . I received this collection as a gift and it is quite comprehensive . However , as an elementary school teacher and mom I have had plenty of experience with the genre . I am a firm believer that children deserve the same -LRB- or better -RRB- quality as adults do -LRB- in music and all other things -RRB- . That said , this recording is very inferior . The recordings are of a quality that makes them unpleasant -LRB- almost downright irritating -RRB- to listen too . The nice melody , rhythm and careful arranging that goes into other recordings is missing here . The end result is considerably less enjoyable , than say a Raffi or even a Barney CD , and there is a whole lot more of it to endure .
 I read all the great reviews for this CD and bought it . I HATE it ! I can not stand to listen to the children on the CD singing off tune . The quality of the singing is so poor . The CD does have many familiar songs -LRB- I did n't listen to all 4 disks , I gave up after 3 -RRB- but I just ca n't bear this one . My toddler did n't seem so fond of this collection either . I laid all of his CD 's out for him , and he has not once chosen to listen to this one after I initially played it for him . He does have many other favorites though . This one really is torture if you care for good music at all .
 With rinky tinky synthesizer backgrounds and annoyingly over-fast tempos , this is a waste of money . As a music teacher , I had hoped this would be a go-to recording considering the quantity . But pre-K and K kids do n't like to sing at these accelerated tempos , and when I do play them in the classroom , the children are disengaged.Incidentally , `` Boop-boop - dittum and a wattum choo '' is mislabelled as `` web footed friends ''
 Amel Larrieux is a Really Good Vocalist & has a nice tune , but this album makes me real Sleepy Time . the Production & arrangements do n't challenge or match the vocals that she presents . Amel should be having a Alicia Keys type of Career run now as to being stuck with tired formulated tracks by the numbers .
 I remember back when my pockets were hurting , I purchased Bravebird because like Nia Long in Love Jones needing an Isley Brother 's CD ... I needed to hear new material from Amel ... Infinite Possibilities helped me through some difficult times . But unfortunately , more than my pockets were hurting . But , I decided to continue my support . I purchased Morning and found it is not what you would expect from Amel . I agree with the review below ... The Neo-soul genre is experiencing some kind of drought . And when your favorite artists come with something new , you are excited and expecting to play it 24/7 like when Lauryn Hill came out with Miseducation ... The first cut `` Trouble '' sounds like a song made for my infant daughter . I had to blast my radio for `` no one else '' because I could n't understand what she was saying.However , I will continue to support Amel and hope the next project will Wow me !
 This CD Sucks Big Time She Need To Go Back To The People That Did Her Last CD >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > . .
 The music scene is filled with overproduced touched up popstars and this one is no different . We can say that Mary B is the cause of alot of this.What makes this one different from the rest ? Nothing really . You got to really make an effort to make yourself believe that it 's a good album.We can see what a dull person Nikki is down there . She 's fooled . Probably the effects of MTV which have clearly effected her ability to think .
 Received CD on time but when i put it into my computer , it does not play nor can copy to my iTunes library . There 's a major scratch on the disk that i 'm guessing is the problem ...
 Even this CD is called `` New year 's concert 2000 in Vienna '' it is NOT the popular `` New year 's concert '' which can be seen all over the world . The real thing is the `` Vienna Philharmonic
 Despite this album 's all-star cast , and despite that I think that the earlier music of the Raymond Scott Quintet is dazzling and sometimes almost impossible to comprehend , `` The Unexpected '' is only , merely , plainly excellent - not astounding . Missing is the manic-benzedrine intensity of his earlier work.Of course , a Raymond Scott album is not a jazz album , and as a previous reviewer noted , there is scant improvisation here . But loyal Scott votaries want precisely that - tightly arranged music that 's closer to classical music in its nature . Alas , the arrangements here are not exceptional - none would compel one to run to the radio and shout , What the hail was THAT ? Especially since at that same time Arthur Lyman was doing more original and satisfying arrangements - better recordings , too.Curiously , much of `` The Unexpected '' seems aimed at a children 's level . Many of the songs are based on nursery rhymes , and there 's the grating novelty effect of the vocals being dubbed in at double speed . I think I 'd avoid anyone who spoke seriously of such blague .
 Please do not get me wrong . I received this collection as a gift and it is quite comprehensive . However , as an elementary school teacher and mom I have had plenty of experience with the genre . I am a firm believer that children deserve the same -LRB- or better -RRB- quality as adults do -LRB- in music and all other things -RRB- . That said , this recording is very inferior . The recordings are of a quality that makes them unpleasant -LRB- almost downright irritating -RRB- to listen too . The nice melody , rhythm and careful arranging that goes into other recordings is missing here . The end result is considerably less enjoyable , than say a Raffi or even a Barney CD , and there is a whole lot more of it to endure .
 I read all the great reviews for this CD and bought it . I HATE it ! I can not stand to listen to the children on the CD singing off tune . The quality of the singing is so poor . The CD does have many familiar songs -LRB- I did n't listen to all 4 disks , I gave up after 3 -RRB- but I just ca n't bear this one . My toddler did n't seem so fond of this collection either . I laid all of his CD 's out for him , and he has not once chosen to listen to this one after I initially played it for him . He does have many other favorites though . This one really is torture if you care for good music at all .
 With rinky tinky synthesizer backgrounds and annoyingly over-fast tempos , this is a waste of money . As a music teacher , I had hoped this would be a go-to recording considering the quantity . But pre-K and K kids do n't like to sing at these accelerated tempos , and when I do play them in the classroom , the children are disengaged.Incidentally , `` Boop-boop - dittum and a wattum choo '' is mislabelled as `` web footed friends ''
 Music = AverageVocals = AverageProduction = HorribleOnly for die hard , true kult BM fans .
 I really do n't like to leave bad reviews but this has got to be the worst piece of trash I have ever had the misfortune to listen to . If I did n't get it as a gift I would have thrown it up it in the air and blown it away with my shot gun gathered together all the pieces and shot them again . Then after I was done with that I would have to light them on fire put the ashes in a box tie it to a brick and throw it is a deep river Jumanji style .
 ELP is MY group ... yet , the production itself just makes me cringe . As a matter of fact , I sold it after watching it . Here 's the deal - there is a whole lot of footage that was done back in the ` acid-days ' , when the film makers were tripping , and figured everyone watching was gon na be tripping , too . It 's NOT the subjects that is that 's the problem -LRB- it 's the messenger -RRB- . The producers of the DVD do n't even have it together enough to spell-check the cover-art for the DVD case ... they keep referencing ` Mike ' ... what they mean is ` mic ' , as in microphone . -LRB- dufus -RRB- Well ... in this case , it IS a pretty good clue as to what to expect.Save your money . Instead , DO buy ELP `` Beyond the Beginning '' . It has many of the same cuts , concerts , etc. , but not nearly as many of the ones that would make you cringe as an ELP fan . Plus , ` BTB ' has stuff like The California Jam , complete with the ` flying piano ' footage . That particular concert is special for me because exactly one week to the day before , I saw ELP in Memphis , where I sat ' 4th row center ' . Actually , the Memphis show was better than the C-Jam ... -LRB- I have it on cassette -RRB- . Back to this DVD ... . I am a modular synth player , and was quite disappointed that because of the stupid ` acid-crazed ' hokey production ... you ca n't really even see any good close-ups of the equipment . I wonder why the credits do n't give full names ... almost as if they were too embarrassed .
 Take a look at the product artwork on the cover - they 've even packaged this in a color that will detract attention from the RED wash that is evident in the still pics & that permeates this footage with virtually all other colors missing.I think this might 've even been better in B&W. ; They 've remastered the the sound , but done nothing with the depessing dark RED picture . Over-priced too .
 In the early 1990s the French label Chant du Monde , which in the LP era had made a name through its licensing agreement with the Soviet Melodiya but which by then had been taken over by Harmonia Mundi , published a number of Brasil-originated Villa Lobos recordings . Among these was the first complete recording available on CD of the String Quartets , by the Bessler-Reis String Quartet , which I have n't all found listed on this website or on its European sister companies : Heitor Villa-Lobos
 I purchased this album because a Wire Tapper compilation presented me with ` Flares ' pt 3 or so , the ONLY stand out track on the whole album . I was expecting some complex sequencing , a little glitch core with drawn out guitars , with perhaps a somber or delicate mood . What I got was one original song surrounded by very poor reduxes of Explosions in the Sky , who also sound like poor reduxes of other bands , who sound like other bands etc. . Sorry , but the melodies on this album are already outdated , as much as I appreciate the production value here -LSB- it does SOUND great -RSB- , this album bored me with its seeming complexity once it was revealed to be startlingly simplistic .
 Bummer.Am I the first one to point out that `` No Wonder '' mercilessly steals the melody from `` World on a String ? `` Anyway , I 'm doing what I did with Broken Arrow , Are You Passionate , Landing on Water , and Mirror Ball - teaching myself to like this album . Beacuse it 's Neil , you know . And he 's the king . And part of being a fan of Neil 's is getting burned . But this is some third degree stuff here . Tepid , lifeless , by the numbers . Neil has never sounded so ` phoned in . ' Auto-pilot . Take your pick from any of the rock crit cliches - this is grim.That said , aside from the production , some songs are quite nice the seventh time through.I guess it 's working .
 First and foremost , this was a disappointment . I was hoping for a recovery from the god-awful `` Let 's Roll '' and equally unimpressive blues noodling of `` Greendale , '' but the streak apparently continues.There is almost nothing memorable about these songs . The music is just backdrop , and for what ? Some of the most stumblebum lyrics we 've seen from one of the greatest musicians we 've known . It 's reminiscent of what you 'd get from a bad high school poetry assignment ... . yes , it rhymes , but where is the sharp lyricism and meter we took for granted on previous efforts ? Or maybe it 's just that he 's set so high a standard for himself ; really , when he 's on top of things , he 's got the world on a string . `` Prairie Wind '' is being hailed as the third in the `` Harvest '' trilogy , but those stuck waving their palm fronds have already missed the true messiah that was `` Silver and Gold . '' Remember that one ? The one with singable songs and music you wanted to learn ? `` Prairie Wind '' has the same feel as the last Warren Zevon album , a rush job and , for the most part , a pity party paraded by the press . Granted , there were some fine songs on there , but his previous album , `` Life 'll Kill You , '' was solid gold and almost completely overlooked . Folks are latching onto the aneurysm ordeal as a tale of integrity and strength and truth , as with imminent doom Young was true to the course and his roots , despite the situation . `` Prairie Wind '' is n't without its moments . `` This Old Guitar '' is a tight tune about time and timelessness and how all we ever are are borrowers , and `` When God Made Me '' is fit to be sung in any church , more powerful than any hymn or `` song of contemporary praise and worship '' written in the last 30 years.I 'm glad I did n't buy the DVD set . If you really need a DVD of a classic Neil Young performance , get the `` Silver and Gold '' DVD . It 's just Young and his guitars , harmonicas and pump organ , acoustic and real and beautiful . Or , if you just want some quality acoustic music , try Iron and Wine , or Sufjan Stevens ... or you could just listen to Harvest again .
 The recording is so bass heavy that it is not pleasurable to listen to . The music on this CD is also on the live `` Heart of Gold '' DVD movie ... the sound quality is quite good on the live recording . Mr. Young 's performance of the songs is also better on the live recording .
 I love most Neil Young but every fan knows that about one in three of his albums really sucks . After Greendale and Greatest hits , I 'm very disapointed .
 The CD does not play . I have tried it in several different CD players and it simply does n't play . The Johnny Cash CD I purchased with it plays just fine , so I do n't know why it does n't work . I would appreciate a replacement .
 I do n't think this is Neil Young 's best CD . I look at the radiobut the Painter gets played like 2,695 times on the radio a day.Why ? Plus I 've heard the songs are too slow . This is too muchof an overrated CD ! Buy the last album from Neil Young , GreatestHits it has better songs like his best , Down by the River , andthe great grunge , Hey Hey , My My . This is a waste of money .
 Neil Young.That 's all I have to say.There has been no bigger influence in my life as far as music goes . And other things.Please . Let the man die in peace.This album is soooooo bad.Really?I ca n't believe people love this . It 's almost as bad as Are You Passionate?Folks?Are you babyboomers or what?When will you go away.And that new movie ... Peforming songs from this album.you 'd have to pay me $ 100 . Then I would go . Maybe.Neil is back?Yeah , so are the Rolling Stones.Please stop.Let him die with some dignitey .
 What a disappointing CD . I have been a Neil fan for ` decades ' , but this one should have been left in the studio . The instruments , tempos , and cadences are all lifted off of Harvest Moon . It is sad in a way that something more original could not have been produced . This cd cheapens the great work he has done in the past . I heard that this cd has been critically acclaimed , but I do n't think the reviewers were very ` critical ' . I would not recommend this album to anyone . In fact I wondered if it were possible to send my copy back to the record company with a nastigram and a request for a refund . Neil - I love ya , but its time to step away from the mike ... Oh - I might add , Living With War sounds like a real treat as well . Does Neil really think that all the liberal hippies he used to write for have not grown up into conservative rednecks ? -LRB- it comes with having children and taking responsibility for your life -RRB- . Bush bashing and America hating does n't sell to middle America . What 's more pathetic is using the war against the terrorist butchers and the emotions of the Antis to create record sales . Shame . Shame .
 I am not a Neil Young fan at all . I heard the song ` The Painter ' on Q104 .3 the other day . The DJ Maria Millito was raving about this song before she played it . I almost drove off the road . Sounded like a cat , who got his tail caught in a closing door ... PLEASE Neil , put the guitar & microphone away and go a rocking on your porch ...
 Two or three good songs , the rest are filler . Reminds me of Silver and Gold and a few other recent releases that some people think are `` Timeless Classics '' . Greendale was the only worthwhile project from Neil in the last 10 years . It must have sapped his creative juices.Maye we 'll never hear the `` old '' Neil again , a depressing thought , but if he 's going to keep churning out Wal Mart background music , I wish he 'd change his name so I wo n't be tempted again.Didn ' t some great musician once say `` Its better to burn out than to fade away ? '' My my , hey hey.My love of Neil Young 's music goes back to the early 70 's in college and my admiration of him personally will never diminish . But his music has taken a change in direction that I no longer enjoy . Boring , tedious , mind-numbing , sing-song , chose your adjective . For anyone that has enjoyed his last few offerings -LRB- Greendale excepted -RRB- , this one is sure to satisfy .
 I got sucked in by the glowing reviews for this and bought the CD sight unheard . Comparisons to Harvest -LRB- I should have known better -RRB- and words like `` another masterpiece '' got me . Once I listened to this , I realized that many of the reviews must have been from diehard Neil Young fans who would give almost anything he creates 5-star raves . This does n't in any way compare to Harvest or any of Young 's more inspired work - do not be fooled by that claim.I 've always loved Neil Young 's ability to bring a depth and complexity to a very simple musical style . It is truly amazing when it 's at its best . When it 's not , as in most of `` Prairie Wind , '' it just comes off as being simple . I found most of the songs on this set bland . While I love that lyrically , Young is willing to full-out explore middle age , some of these songs seem like they were pieced together pretty quickly . Something is missing . Maybe `` Prairie Wind '' will grow on me with future plays . I hope so . It is not Neil Young at his best , though , is in no way comparable to `` Harvest '' or any of Young 's more accomplished work . Listen to the sound samples , enjoy the CD for what it is , but do n't get sucked in by the hype .
 I have been a rabid Neil Young fan for at least 35 years . I was psyched to hear so many different reviews calling this his masterpiece . Many comparing it to `` harvest '' Please do n't insult that album . The best song on `` Prarie Wind '' would be the worst on `` Harvest '' , `` After The Gold Rush '' , and several other more worthy Neil albums.I have 24 Neil Young cd 's and albums . Iwould not even rate this in his top fifteen . This cd is overproduced and not the `` rootsy '' feeling that many reviews have been saying >
 This album was disappointing , as have all of Neil 's LPs since about 1975 . This obsession with hitting the ` Harvest ' groove again and again is really getting me down . He did n't even LIKE Harvest all those years ago , why has he spent countless albums -LRB- Silver and Gold , Harvest Moon , Greendale , this one , probably more ! -RRB- trying to recapture something he himself said put him in ` the middle of the road ? ' Do n't get me wrong , I am a massive Young fan , got lots of his records , from Springfield through CSN&Y. ; I rate his soundtrack to ` Dead Man ' as his finest work of the last twenty years , if not longer , because it 's different and interesting , not just him kicking back the cliches on the porch of his ranch house . Go buy any of the following albums instead : Buffalo SpringfieldBuffalo Springfield AgainLast Time AroundDeja VuAfter the GoldrushEverybody Knows This Is NowhereZumaOn The BeachTonight 's The NightTime Fades Away -LRB- vinyl only ??? -RRB- Live At The Fillmore Eastor any of his bandmates/related albumsCrazy HorseManassasIf Only I Could Remember My NameDead Man OSTbefore you even consider LISTENING to this new one.I think Neil Young gave Stephen Stills a lot of stick for ` losing it ' , for forgetting what music is about . I think Neil himself has forgotten , truly I do . And I am a massive fan . I have bootlegs and bootlegs of his seventies stuff . Live at The Borderline 74 , or any of the CSNY tour 74 songs are all preferable as well . So disappointed .
 Let 's establish right up front that I love Neil Young and have great admiration for his body of work , which includes some of the greatest Rock and Singer-Songwriter albums of all time.It also includes a lot of `` product , '' albums cranked out to fulfill contractual obligations , amortize studio time etc. , and bizarre exercises in self-indulgence -LRB- `` Trans , '' `` Greendale '' -RRB- . That having been said , this album falls squarely into the `` product '' category . Young seems to have run out of original things to say -LRB- family is good ? time fades away ? umm ... yeah -RRB- . Not only is this no `` Harvest , '' it 's not even up to the level of `` Harvest Moon , '' for God 's sake . It is a rehash of rehashed material , musically unimaginative and lyrically banal , with strangely sterile-sounding -LRB- lots of overdubs ? -RRB- production . In short , this album is a major disappointment . Not horrible , not good , just ... there . Barely.If one is seeking an album where the artist ponders the meaning of life while facing the spectre of death , look no further than Warren Zevon 's `` The Wind , '' a masterpiece that dwarfs this minor effort.Revisiting these comments a few months later , and seeing the plethora of 4 and 5-star reviews , I ca n't help but feel that many people are reviewing the album that they wish this was , instead of the album that Neil delivered .
 Profound Lyrics have catapulted Neil Young into the upper-echelon of the classic singer-songwriters . Here , Praire Wind consists of lyrics a 10-year old would write for a school project . Nothing like Neil Young is capable of , and despite the hype that this album has , eventually Praire Wind will settle as one of his worst efforts.Why the album has such hype I ca n't say . But my guess is that at first blush many of Neil 's songs sound the same . And it is n't till multiple listens that the wheat is separated from the chaffe . So , even though Prairie Wind may sound like a classic at first to reviewers , it is n't .
 Boy , was I excited for the new Neil Young album , Prairie Wind . I 'm a long time Neil fan , and even through rough patches -LRB- by which I mean insanity like Trans and Neil and the Shocking Pinks -RRB- he 's always bounced back with something good.Well , not this time . Coming off his latest rough patch -LRB- the Broadway show wanna-be Greendale -RRB- he moves right to another.I had high hopes for this album . I love Harvest and Harvest Moon ! I bought Prairie Moon as soon as it was released . Damn , what a disappointment . You can hear some good songs in there , struggling to get out - but they 're buried under unnecessary strings , horns , and choruses.Produced by Ben Keith , -LRB- who also produced Harvest Moon , Comes a Time , American Stars & Bars , and Old Ways -RRB- . In my opinion he ruined an album that had tons of potential .
 Neil Young is a Talented Songwriter & Musician , but he has a tendency to release alot of so-so Projects from time to time & this is no exception . the lyrical Content & the overall Musical Feel here is very much on the safe territory that Eric Clapton long ago settled for.it can work for some artists , but it makes some others seem in need of trying to just release whatever as soon as Possible.very run of the mill Album here .
 When I bought this Cd I was hoping to hear Neil Young doing what he does best - the liquid , thin voice along with dramatic background music.Unfortunately , the CD is full of loser sounds , the ones you skip over on other CDs . They all sound like `` filler '' songs and to me were more irritating that anything . The musicians sound cheap and poorly shosen , and bad . Sorry , but Neil has much more talent than this .
 What happened to the Neil we know and love ? The one-man , one-guitar , one-harmonica Neil singing intense yet simple lyrics in that shaky yet appropriate voice ? Where is the Neil of After the Gold Rush or Tonight 's the Night or even Silver and Gold ? Where did all the polish come from and why is it necessary ? Does this record HAVE to do well at Wal Mart ? This might be Neil 's worst album ever . It is over produced , over dubbed and over done in almost every regard and in a way contrary to everything Neil has ever said about his music . There 's not an interesting or redeeming song in the entire mix , not a tune worth humming , or a riff worth learning . As unbelievable as it might be , this album may be a sign that Neil is done , out of ideas , and no longer relevant . I am a HUGE Neil Young fan and it hurts me to listen to this record . This is not the Neil we know and love and I do not recommend Prairie Wind to anyone not riding in an elevator .
 Neil Young 's albums have often been uneven , to say the least . Lately his recordings have sounded rather tired , with maybe a flash of brilliance here and there . Prairie Wind continues this pattern.First , if you unfold the CD booklet , you 'll see a beautiful sepia-toned photo of a young woman hanging laundry on a windy day in a flat , flat land . This photo illustrates the title song , but the photo is far more compelling than the song , which chugs along for an interminable seven minutes , with a chorus of background singers pointlessly repeating `` Prairie wind blowin ' through my head . `` Most of the songs on the album are lyrically quite ordinary , the day-to-day observations and thoughts of an aging troubadour about wide open spaces , country life , family , juxtaposed with the insanity , greed , and corruption of city , politics , business . The music -- the melodies , chord structures , and song structures -- are also rather ordinary . But it is well-recorded , and it flows pleasantly . It just never seems to go anywhere.There is one song on Prairie Wind that might be construed as a classic Neil Young composition . No Wonder has enough lyrical complexity/ambiguity and musical power to be worth repeated listens . I saw Neil perform this song on the Conan O'Brien show , and it was effective.Neil sings to an old friend about his appreciation of their friendship . He sings about Elvis . He sings about an old classic guitar . He sings about the fading dream of the world he grew up in . It 's all very heartfelt , but ultimately just plain boring.When God Made Me , I read in another review , might be an expression of Young 's atheism . If you did n't know that , you might think it was a sincere question about how people have misconstrued or failed to see the Creator 's intent , and to live accordingly . Again , this is quite sincere , but hardly another classic like Imagine.OK , you die-hard Neil Young fans -- go ahead , you can click the `` No '' button now . -LRB- Was this review helpful to you ? -RRB- I know you 've been dying to do it . Feel free , but I tell the truth . This album has one very good song , and that is not enough to justify the purchase of an entire CD . When Neil puts out another record as good as Harvest Moon , I 'll be the first in line to give it five stars .
 It seems that the gospelchoir , lavish strings , and hornsection overproduction has crept into our music . Music by those same musicians who were once born free of false additives now seem to be shackled to saccrin sweet filler . Jeff Lynn practically killed George Harrison music with the Overproduction . Eric Clapton , Bruce Springsteen , Joni Mitchell , have all recently experimented with strings which made their music resemble a bad acid trip . Music once stood up out of the muck of `` ENTERTAINMENT '' by showing a very honest side . A voice and an acoustic guitar rang out saying `` this is real '' . Musicians could play their own instruments , write their own songs , and honestly have something to say . I thought the Perry Como , Andy Williams era had passed long ago . Why have these musicians circled back from where our parents came from ? Frank Zappa said it best . `` Strictly Commercial '' . But wait , this is happening to the musicians that have always advocated anti-commercial . Remember `` This note 's for you '' ? So what is happening . Is it true what they say ? That you eventually become your parents . Well , I might have grey hair but please leave the strings with the philharmonic and the background choir in the church . Neil 's latest effort does not compare to `` Silver and Gold '' , `` After the Goldrush '' , Harvest , etc , but maybe the next one will be better . I just thank God Neil has not jumped on the rapping bandwagon or is singing songs about `` my grandbaby '' .
 This album is lifeless and trite and all the more so when compared to the rest of the albums in his catalog . The hype surrounding this album smacks of the same fawning attempts to honor Dylan now that he has entered his washed-up phase . Like so many other reviewers have stated , buy the old stuff instead , its grittier , more powerful and more substantial-everything that Prairie Wind is not .
 Is n't Don McLeese , the writer of the feature review here , a music critic from Chicago or somewhere ? How much did they pay him to write his review ? OMG ... Prairie Wind is a flat-out embarrassment , and anyone who truly loves Neil Young 's greatest work will sadly watch -LRB- the DVD -RRB- and listen to a pathetic , warmed-over collection of songs that sound like rejects from his Harvest album , which is , what , more than 30 years old ? Just because you used to be a great artist does n't mean you should keep putting out material . I 'm sorry Young suffered an aneurysm , and that his dad died , but a clear-eyed critical assessment of Prairie Wind can only conclude that it 's mawkish , boring fare that was ill-advisedly foisted upon the public . Clunky lyrics -- including embarrassing references to 9/11 and Chris Rock -LRB- !!! -RRB- -- the same old chord progressions , faux sentiment , and an overall sense of pious self-indulgence combine to make this a very sad effort indeed . The filming of the recording date is also a joke , intending as it does to try to capture a sense of `` important artist at work '' reverence . Yuck . It 's really creepy also to watch the back-up singers acting like what they 're doing is a real challenge or as if what they 're singing has all this importance . I do n't care how old or famous or formerly great an artist is -- if your material is lame , please do n't bother to put it out . Young ca n't possibly need the money , so why would he do this ? I dunno . One of the great singer-songwriters of the classic rock era strikes out big-time here , and what 's really sad is he has no one around him to tell him how pathetic his material sounds . Recommendation to those who consider themselves devotees of Young 's finest work
 I am being generous with my two stars , in deference to the man who wrote Harvest.Simply put , Neil needs a lyricist , and perhaps a muse . Listening to this , it seemed Neil looked around at what was clearly in view from his chair-his daughter , his guitar , his memory of the guy who sold him his ranch-came up with a tune and a hook , and then stuck with his first draft . In acting , they call this mailing it in , and Neil mailed these lyrics in-or at least that 's the better view to the one that suggests he has become lyric-deaf after all his years.This could 've been a four . It just needed some words .
 I was expecting more out of this CD . Not so interesting as the classic Neil Young stuff
 I am sorry to say that given its hype and criticalaccolades , to these ears , Prairie Wind is a majordisappointment . I do not consider an album classic whereI only enjoy three of its ten songs
 As a huge fan of NY since the late 60s this is a very mediocre album . . The painter and This Old Guitar are very fine songs but the balance is sappy stuff with cornball lyrics ... now I am a sucker for sentimental songs but all of Neil 's imagery is childish and actually boring ... he has sustained a brilliant and creative career for nearly 40 years , and his recent Greendale CD was fabulous ... but Prairie Wind blows through your ears without leaving much behind ... ca n't help but wonder if this was rushed out for personal reasons ... a real downer from my favorite song writer/guitarist/and singer ...
 I stock Neil Young records in the `` Must Have '' category . When I need the right words or the right crank , I put Neil on . That 's not to say he puts both of these elements in the same song . He 's got enough material to fertilize a cow pasture . Unfortunately musically , that 's where most of this album belongs . Also unfortunately this record is being grouped in the Folk Rock genre along with Harvest , Harvest Moon and Comes a Time . This is realy Silver & Gold PtII . There 's no semblance of country rock here that other publications are calling it . It just is n't . Tepid Folk music is more like it . The tempos drag as Neil tells his stories . And that 's very unfortunate because the writing is superb . Whether it 's due to him viewing his own mortality with his brush with death or the passing of his father last year , it does n't matter . The word smithing is strong . It 's too bad the vehicle the words ride on is only firing on a couple of cylinders
 If Neil had cranked out album 's like this throughout his career his name would be linked with lesser singer-songwriters like James Taylor and Jackson Browne instead of Bob Dylan . I know what you are thinking , `` But he has done albums like this before ! What about Harvest , Harvest Moon and Silver and Gold ?!?! '' . Sorry , but Prairie Wind is a pale imitation of those albums.The songwriting is weak and the arrangements are often saccharine and overbearing . I can honestly say that I enjoy `` Landing on Water '' , `` Arc '' and `` Are You Passionate ? '' much more than this album . At least LOW had `` Hippie Dream '' , Arc took guts and AYP ? had a great guitar tone . Prairie Wind just mocks all the good work Neil did wiith an acoustic guitar.If you are a collector it is a must but if you like good Neil Young music pass on this one and get the other acoustic albums .
 I am a big Neil fan and was disappointed by this album . Weak lyrics , no catchy melodies ... horns on a Neil Young album ... ugh
 I listen to this cd on his website and found it to be quite a bore it sounds like a copy cat version of his better cds but not in a good way . Before you get this make sure you have After the Gold Rush , Comes a Time , Harvest , and On the Beach these are way better albums that show Young 's mellow side more effectively .
 The amazon tech specs on regards the DVD is stupid and wrong . The disc isnt 5.1 at all , this should be changed . The music is top though
 I ordered this thing and took the chance and I was let down . It 's so lyricly boaring and musicly clitche . Same ol' stuff I 've heard a million other times by a million other `` bands '' . This is one of those albums that make you feel like running away from the EBM scene and becomming a hipster . Ok , not that bad , but this is n't anything would suggest . The next two album by IR that follow this are considerably much better , though still not five star records . Just stick to VnV Nation and Dismantled if you like future industrial music -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . This is no place to start .
 The Champion of Love Song is not the regular classic sung by the Cathedrals for example . If you 're looking for that song sung by Glad , this album does n't have it . There is only one a cappella song on this cd and it is the same one found on The A Cappela Project , God Is My Rock .
 I have n't actually listened to this CD . But , this is not the John York who played with The Byrds from 1968 to 1969 . This John York CD has been linked to this along with a book on The Byrds . It 's a different guy . Just thought you should know .
 I used to buy every Current 93 record when they came out but after this I do n't . It 's ok as an album , but if you do n't care for their stripped down and under-produced acoustic guitar and piano leanings , this is n't their best work by far . If you like the folkish Current 93 , stick with Thunder Perfect Mind . If you like the noisy Nature Unveiled style , steer clear .
 Portishead with a twist . The twist is that there are pianos and violins in place of the turntables . The singer is a woman and has a beautiful voice that reminds me of Portishead 's singer and somewhat Bjork . This is very relaxing music . Is does not go anywhere fast . The musicians know where they are going and are in no hurry to get there . Which is nice because in this day and age everyone is running late and hurrys to the end .
 This album is almost objectively the most overrated release of the decade . SPIN magazine gave this release its 1995 album of the year award . Perhaps we should mail their staff rubber Vulcan ears . Perhaps then they 'd hear better . Many of this album 's proponents make mention of Moby 's use of many styles ; I disliked the album for those same reasons . Moby ends up sounding like a musical jack of all trades , master of none . Sure he covers lots of stylistic grounds , but he does it poorly . I 'd rather listen to an artist who does one well . But that 's me . I do n't know if I 'd even go so far as to call this a mediocre album , but it certainly does n't belong in ANY year 's top ten . Let 's reserve that status for GOOD albums . Why does Moby also pummel us with sanctimony ? Everything is wrong ? Has anyone ever seen pictures of Moby 's house ? What 's that guy complaining about ? And why does he saturate the liner notes with facts he lifted off vegetarian and christian pamphlets left on seats of trains ? A song on this album , I forget its title , is nothing more than the beat from Soul II Soul 's Keep on Moving . So why is it labeled and numbered as a song ? I can hear that beat any Friday afternoon listening to an R&B DJ spinning it between songs . One note of praise
 I bought this after listening to Moby 's more recent offering `` Play . '' I must say that Play is the far superior record -LRB- see my review there -RRB- and that this CD is n't even worth owning . The slow songs sound like piano instrumentals for a movie soundtrack like `` The Exorcist '' and the faster pieces are distorted garbage a.k.a Marylin Manson . Nothing like the brilliant `` Play '' CD which mixes trip hop , funk , gospel , soul and acoustic into 1 totally awesome CD . Do n't be fooled by Play 's brilliance , save your money and pass on `` Everything Is Wrong . ''
 This is supposed to be trail-blazing , genre-defining music ? Sure , it 's more interesting than anything your parents are probably listening to at the moment , but that does not make a great record . If you consider Puff Daddy a more innovative rap artist than Public Enemy and Eric B. then you 'd probably also pick Moby over Aphex Twin , Orbital , Leftfield , A Guy Called Gerald , The Chemical Brothers and plenty of other Brits who have done more interesting , compelling things with this type of music .
 I heared a lot about Moby before I bought this album and how inspirational he is and one person on here even said that he was a true master of his genre . I listened to the album and at first I did n't like it -LRB- its happened before -RRB- but they usually tend to grow on me . So I listened to it like 4 times in a row and it still sucks . It now sits in the back of my techno collection popping out only when someone wants to hear it . Moby adds nothing original -LRB- thoughts or style -RRB- to any of the trax on this album . ABSOLUTLY NOTHING original in any way , some of the dancy trax remind me of jock jam anthems and the more ambient mixes -LRB- genre I love -RRB- were completely worthless . If this is your first techno CD -LRB- along with prodigy , jock jams vol . 127 , and an MTV party to go CD -RRB- then you might be impressed or `` inspired '' but if you already own 1 rave CD and a Brian Eno CD then you pretty much already own this CD as well . Plus you wo n't have to put up with his shallow attention getting essays , about how everyone but Moby is ruining the world , on the inside cover . So if you are already into the genre then you really do n't need this CD .
 Being a big sopranos fan and having watched episode `` join the club '' where Tony is having his dreams while his on the e.r. from a gun wound from his crazed uncle . I heard the brilliant track titled '' when its cold i like to die '' by moby sang by Mimi Goese , who also sang into the blue . Both tracks are wonderfull but i realy hate Mobys techno songs but his slow songs are realy great . Almost the whole album sounds pretty annoying , except for the two slow tunes . Moby stick to your slow songs
 i had a single from this album and a song called IN MY LIFE completely rocked my world ... MY MISTAKE . do not call this album techno . call it top 40 , or electronic but not techno and do not call it punk rock inflenced or even rock oriented . there is little rock on this album . this album is the predeccesor to play . if thats your bag then by all means this is for you but it is a bland mix of top 40 wan na be music.i also bought animal rights by moby . THAT is quite electic with a good mix of musical styles ... yes i did like the soothing intro of hymn , the funky beat of lets go free -LRB- song is 37 seconds long -RRB- and the blues of what love but this is not a reason to keep this overrated mess . although i do love the thought provoking essays in moby 's cd 's but otherwise this is not worth your time .
 This is a marked departure from Moby and his regular music . If you are looking for tradiitonal Moby stay away from this CD . It is loud , a mishmash of musical instruments banging away with little listening pleasure .
 Dear Reviewers : Please do n't call this album techno ; this is not techno . Call it electronica , call it top 40 , call it dance music , but please not techno . If you want to write about techno , review something by Jeff Mills , Plastikman , Joey Beltram or Frankie Bones at least . Though this commercial dance music album borrows heavily from many generes , it fails to represent any of them decently , as it usually happens with market-driven music .
 This is mindless music for kids on e , dressing like infants and dancing until they drop . Not to say that is necessarily a bad thing , it 's just that it does n't make for good home listening.A party album and not one of the better ones , Moby 's Everything is Wrong , shifts between tolerably cheesey and intolerably stupid.Home listeners beware .
 How can any Asia fan listen to this swill without stringing himself up from a shower rod ? Asia is dead without John Wetton . Come back , John ! PLEASE !
 Asia died after Wetton left the band . The old Asia songs on this album are actually rerecordings with the new lead singer . His voice is atrocious !!!!! Embarassingly awful ...
 What an absolute disgrace ! To rerecord Wetton Era songs with the likes of John Payne is like rewritting the Bible with the Spice Girls !!! The production quality is just as bad as the vocals ! John Payne is just an aweful singer . His lack of depth and range make this work even more difficultto listen to . Asia died when John Wetton left . Geoff Downes needs to put Asia to sleep for good !
 Anthology , like the great Communist purges of 1930s and 40s , appears to be an attempt to act as if the past never happened . Why else would Geoff Downes think he could get away with re-recording the band 's best-known hits with a singer-guitarist -LRB- John Payne -RRB- who ca n't hold a candle to either John Wetton or Steve Howe ? Payne 's re-makes are embarrasing , and the new stuff is woefully poor ; as dreadful as the new material on `` Then & Now '' was , I 'd rather listen to that compared with anything this disc has to offer .
 Geoff Downes really butchered some classic songs from this classic band ! Rerecording classic songs with an awful singer is THE worst thing ever accomplished in modern music . The songs even take a slight dance feel that worsens it even more ! This band sucks !!!!! -LRB- BRING BACK JOHN WETTON !!! -RRB-
 Me and my wife -LRB- newly wed -RRB- were given this as a wedding present at my wife 's bridal shower . We thought that it would provide information with respect to enhancing our new found intimacy -LRB- i.e. positions , new ideas etc. -RRB- , a fair assumption given the name of the DVD . We were very sadly disappointed with this series . It was more like a grade 9 sex education video , covering topics like `` what is a condom '' , `` what are the forms of human attraction '' and etc. . Virtually no information on actually having sex , sexual positions or anthing remotely like that . A typical episode features a gaggle of over weight lower class british house fraus sitting around a coffee table discussing penis size and giggling at sex toys , followed up with a group of apparently in-bred cockney drunks at a pub discussing how they feel about penis size or some other such similar topic . A frequently recurring `` sketch '' involves a few recognizable british comedians -LRB- tony robinson being one of them -RRB- dressed as giant penises in military uniforms `` humourously '' discussing a sexual topice . Absolute junk.Bottom line
 This is the worst video purchase I have EVER made . I truly wasted by money ! It was not even the least bit informative or entertaining . Although I would love to get my money back , I know it is utterly impossible . I would not recommend that anyone ever buy this mess . Thanks a lot .
 Yeah , I am a big fan of moby , and accidentally buying the CD that almost ended his career does n't shake that , if you want some good Moby might I suggest 18 or Play , this has some quiet more ambient tracks which show some promise , but fail to build up to anything , everything else is Moby screaming in a traditional punk style , which were almost humorous , except , not -LSB- this much money -RSB- humorous , I am not a fan of this CD , I know he was starting out in a punk band , but his other stuff is much better
 This CD would give me a headache even if the band had more talent and better material to work with . After all , why do I need to buy a CD to hear a mixture of classical-sounding elevator music , new-age sounding melodies , Pearl Jam-esque grunge , and screaming cuss-metal ? I could buy individual CDs with each genre for when it suited my mood . Listen to all of them intermingled is annoying and not at all entertaining . If they had made one great song in the bunch they might be worthy of a small helping of forgiveness , but they could n't even manage that .
 If you 're one of those people who goes out and buys an album based merely on who made it , do NOT buy this album . Or , at least listen to some mp3s of it first and decide for yourself . This `` music '' is nothing like Moby 's great works , and compared to it , it 's absolute trash . He may want us to form an opinion of it on the album 's own merits , but even then in my opinion , it 's really , really bad . Just a bunch of noise .
 If , like me , you liked `` Play '' and thought you 'd get other Moby CDs , avoid this turkey . I have listened to three other Moby CDs and this one is the pits . Even his earlier albums are better . I can not believe that someone who has released such an intelligent and versatile album as `` Play '' could have put his name on this pile of nothingness . And as if the awful racket that is supposed to pass for music was n't enough , Mr Moby also gets on a veeeeeery high vegetarian horse in the liner notes -LRB- `` If you look at the course of western history blah , blah , blah ... . zzzzzzzzzzzz '' -RRB- . I fell asleep reading them but was rudely awoken by the noise on the CD itself . I am afraid Moby 's plea at the end of the notes to `` listen to animal rights in its entirety at least once '' fell on ears deafened by the trite on the CD . This album is a waste of money , do n't touch it with a barge-pole ! I gave this album one star but it deserves no more than a blank .
 I 'm sorry to say it , but I really did not enjoy this ablum at all . Get the single `` That 's when i reach for my revolver '' . The single with its remixes are great . However , this cd ? Oi . i LOVE moby and own most of his albums , however , this one ? I think he was just having fun experimenting . This cd just is n't a product of what he 's good at .
 I bought this cd from amazon recently , there is nothing in the description of the item that tells that is not the original , is a cheap copy . i never expeceted this from amazon . I though they only sell original CDs . I felt like i have been robed . buyers beware from cheap booglet CDS .
 The lady and three gentlemen make every effort to reaffirm the populist clich&eacute; of Beethoven the Madman . Perhaps this is a small triumph in itself . Beethoven 's sadistic -LRB- perhaps also masochistic ? -RRB- outbursts make for a heavy meal even on paper and with this new recording the shock value is doubled by the use of period instruments and playing techniques . It is a sawing of the most cruel kind . The amount of discomfort brought by listening to the op. 135 quartet can compare to , say , post-Stockhausen trauma . Or perhaps Elliot Carter . Or any number of last century 's modernist pricks . Eroica Quartet seem to be advancing boldly into the 19th century quartet repertoire -LRB- next victim is Florestan himself ! -RRB- . I say , keep your hands off my Brahms !
 I was really looking forward to watching this , but when it arrived I just did not enjoy it . Selecter has some great songs `` Missing Words '' , `` 3 Minute Hero '' , `` Too Much Pressure '' , `` On My Radio '' , but this concert either captured the sound very badly , or was just not a very good live performance . Either way , I was sadly disapointed and can not recommend it .
 this cd 's pretty unspectacular , the songs sound exactly like the originals but with screaming.the dying degree cover 's no exception but it 's heavy and fast enough to be fun .
 Imitating can be terribly unfunny . Taking perfectly good songs and covering them without adding anything new is one thing and it has been done and condemned before . Taking perfectly good songs and butchering them for the seer `` fun '' of it is inexcusable.Evergreen terrace commit the musical crime of taking legendary tracks and attempting to re-interpet them with seriously unfortunate results . Songs like `` Zero '' from the Pumpkins or `` Sunday bloody Sunday '' from U2 as well as `` Mad world '' -LRB- recently tortured by Gary Jules -RRB- by Tears from Fears are too special to get this kind of Mengelian treatment.If you are going going to cover them show at least the proper respect and work to add some new air of creativity over them.What Evergreen Terrace instead do is take such songs and scream various parts of their anatomy off over them without adding any new element except cacophonous noise . Oh , and some strikingly cacophonous vocals that sound as if a bulldoser was running over the band as they were playing them . That 's not good.On top of such horrors , the band have a curious talent of picking a list of songs to cover reminiscent of a clueless DJ on a bad trip with dodgy substances . Punk songs with pop songs and metal songs all covered in the same boring frequency . Also not good.All in all , a record best soon forgotten for all intents and purposes . Time heals everything .
 Sorry , but if all your band can do is take existing music and scream over it ... yeah ... where 's the talent ? Zero was absolutly ruined by this band and I , for one , think its a shame that this band was even allowed to remake some of these songs . Just horrible . If I could give it a -1 I would .
 If you really want to hear the exact same songs played note-for-note with screaming vocals and a little more distortion , go ahead and buy it . But in all , this album is terrible . It consists ONLY of poorly rendered covers with no surprises and no artistic changes except for the hardcore screaming.Don ' t even bother .
 Some of these song were good before ET put their no-talent hands all over them . Anyone who is pretending to like this should come to terms with how unbelievabley terrible it is . This band should stick to ruining their own songs.The one star is for actually making the offspring sound better by comparison . Way to go .
 I already hated all the bands & songs that evergreen t covered and now i have a even more reason to hate them ... Why ? evergreen terrence cover those bands , the worse hardcore band ever . sunday bloody sunday by U2 ? Come now , they suck ! The worse cover song tho was zero by the smashing pumpkings ... God , i remenber hating that band & song . Well , now i 've a reason to hate it even more . Thanks to evergreen terrible ! Hardcore music blows ! Listing to some gore-grind & deathmetal . Now , thats music !
 This cd is misnamed . It should not be called ELO but rather ELO Part2 . This band does not contain Jeff Lynne , who was responsible for all of the songs on this cd . While ELO Part2 does contain several of the original members -LRB- ie . Bev , Mik , Kelly -RRB- the one member it misses the most is Jeff Lynne . If you are looking to buy this simply on the track list , do n't , especially if you think this is the old ELO . If you already have heard some of the new ELO material then buy it because the songs are fresh . However , it does sound like a very good cover-band doing old ELO music .
 i love JLJ but this compilation is so so , poor songs selections , who needs demo and bad alternate take anyway , avoid , only for die hard fan .
 Ugh ! I 'm so disappointed ! I love Lady Sovereign . I love all the songs on this EP . But I had no idea that they would be CENSORED on this disc ! All curse words and objectionable phrases have been eliminated with editing , or in some cases , alternate lyrics . LAME ! This EP should carry a label identifying it as a CLEAN version so that consumers know what they 're getting . Strangely , there does n't seem to be an Explict Lyrics version available . This seems to be it . If I am wrong , I apologize , and someone please correct me , but I have n't been able to find any listings indicating both edited and explicit editions exist , which is extremely frustrating . I have heard uncensored versions of these songs , so I know they are out there . Unfortunately , they are not presented on this disc . Awful.Five stars for Lady Sov and these songs when they 're uncesnored . One star for the versions presented here .
 Beauty and truth are sadly sobbing in the shadows . Music for people with too much time on their hands .
 oh please , however catchy the beats are do not call her music hip hop , for some one who has been listen to it for years , calling her music hip hop is an insult .
 I would like to know what type of people are writing these reviews and what state of musical knowledge they have i 've never written a review but after reading what these plutocrates have wrote i have to respond this cd is on par with Ant and Dec its terrible she waffles on with an annoying high piched voice about english mcs sounding american then she tries to sound like a cracked out missy elliot who also is terrible she has absolutely zero talent and im amazed she has a record deal its borders on treason that shes allowed to hold a mic
 THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE THAT KNOW NOTHING ABOUT GREEK MUSIC BUT RESPONDED TO `` GIA '' IS AMAZING . THAT SONG CAUGHT ON IN THE CLUBS AND RADIO IN AMERICA LIKE I NEVER EXPECTED . AND AS A GREEK AMERICAN THAT MAKES ME FEEL REALLY GOOD . BECAUSE GOOD MUSIC IS GOOD MUSIC , NO MATTER WHERE IT 'S FROM . THAT BEING SAID , I HAVE TO AGREE WITH ANOTHER REVIEWER ... THIS COLLECTION OF SONGS WAS JUST THROWN TOGETHER FOR THE SAKE OF MAKING A QUICK BUCK . DESPINA VANDI IS ONE MY FAVORITE GREEK SINGERS . IS SHE THE BEST ? NO . BUT SHE 'S A GOOD ENTERTAINER WITH A HANDFUL OF GREAT SONGS . THE ENGLISH SONGS HERE ARE REHASHED AND RECYCLED . C'MON , HOW MANY TIMES DOES `` OPA OPA '' HAVE TO BE REMADE ? NOTHING ON THIS RECORD WILL CAPTURE THE MAGIC THAT `` GIA '' DID , AS FAR AS THE USA MARKET IS CONCERNED . VANDI IS ALWAYS BEING ACCUSED OF RIPPING OFF ANNA VISSI.WELL , THIS IS ONE INSTANCE WHERE SHE SHOULD HAVE . `` CALL ME '' FROM ANNA VISSI IS THE # 2 CLUB SONG IN AMERICA THIS WEEK . SORRY VANDI , TOO LITTLE TOO LATE ...
 Sure they are from my home state ; they draw bazillions of dirty dreadlocked underage pothead , `` I go to college dude '' urchins -LRB- dirt hippies we call 'em -RRB- , got signed to a major label , but they have no tunes ! Somebody give these guys a clue what songwriting is . It certainly is n't running around saying dirty words with no shirt on , trying to be a fifth rate Chili Peppers / Jane 's Addiction -LRB- both yucko too ! , as well as ancient history -RRB- . I was given this disc for free at one of their shows -LRB- which was hard enough to take -RRB- and promptly sold it to the used CD store after one painful listen . People must get the impression that this garbage is all the state of Maryland has to offer musically ; we also have a thriving roots music/alternative country , garage rock , and power pop scene that these guys and their Fowl records disciples are not part of . They have inspired an insipid cult of imitaters , that think they are going to get signed too , that need to be ignored .
 I am indeed a Saga fan , but this album is very poor . I could only find 2 songs I liked -LRB- `` That 's how we like it '' and `` We 'll meet again '' -RRB- . The rest of the songs simply show extremely poor composition and a severe lack of inovation , which is what progressive rock is supposed to be all about.There simply is no substitute for `` Worlds Apart '' and `` Heads or Tails '' as far as Saga goes .
 How can anyone like this garbage ? I just listened to the song Money Talks with a few friends and we agreed that it was one of the poorest written songs we 've ever heard . The overuse of keyboards sounds like something out of a bad video game , only with lots of rainbows and flowers and stuff . But the vocals , man , the VOCALS ! The guy sounded like he was getting pleasure from discussing the way that money talks to him and he does what it wants ! Sounds like he 's looking for a profession in the red light district if you ask me . Howabout they take time off and never get caught ... it 's all part of the game ! In fact , take a lot of time off . In fact , stop ripping off Marillion with a touch of RuPaul and Prince and never write another album again !
 After that funereal Pistols reunion , only thing missing from the glass exhibition case was a `` rockumentary '' . Here it is , kids
 After 20 + years you would 've thought Temple could have made a film without rehashing swindle . 99 % of the footage has been seen before , the only new stuff is the interviews carried out in pitch darkness - probably sounded good in theory , in reality it is profoundly dull.No complete performances , overdubbed music , endless footage of council flats , endless rehashed footage from Swindle . A complete and utter wasted opportunity.Ever get the feelin you 've been cheated ?
 the director julien temple did n't understand what a great band the sex pistols were . he had all this great film-material of the pistols live-performances . what did he do ? he wripped it all apart . every song is permanently interrupted by some footage that is supposed to illustrate some part of the pistols history . you have the pistols playing a song and after the first chorus it cuts to some actors in an old play or a tv-show with comedians . it is really annoying . this film is more about the director trying to be creative and illustrating his associations with absurd metaphors than about the band the sex pistols . it seems one more example of some filmmakers thinking the only thing interesting about a band is a whole lot of unknown music-journalists talking about them . how sad ! the footage of the pistols on stage looks like it 's great . why did n't they show the footage . why did n't they have them play their songs from the beginning to the end ??
 The Pistols made Punk into the biggest media bonanza since hippie.When Punk came out , to spread out its dirty little wings , the generation caught by the narcotic f**k up of the sixties had a new hope something to fight for , to live , but within months the dream was sold , baught out it was turned into another commodity beacause of bands like The Pistols , The Damned , and the Clash . They can stuff their punk credentials , with all their money up their a ** . ANARCHY IN THE UK WHAT A BUNCH OF BOLLOCKS , what did they ever do to live out that dream.They didnt care about punk , they dont wan na worry about anything . They numb their minds on T.V. , space out on coke and dope they dont want their sh*tty lives to surface . I know its sh*t and u know its sh*t but they wont admit to the themselves that the fun they have all that style they got is the same old sh*t . Their music is a joke . Find some other `` Punk '' bands theirs many and a lot better too . THE PISTOLS , BOLLOCKS !!!
 Punk reared it 's ugly head in the 70s as a reaction to the status quo and as a reaction to the music scene at the time . These guys were talentless fools flaunting their foolish anarchist ideology and claiming groups like ELP , Genesis , Yes and the like were all dinosaurs . The problem with these fools is they lacked any social value whatsoever and I seriously question their influence on music in general . The only thing they led to was the idea that anyone could get up and play in a band if you just knew a few chords and could scream and yell propoganda that stupid youngsters ate up . This music lacks originality , composition , thoughtful lyrics or even a true rock 'n' roll spirit . Instead it is hateful and spewing along the same lines as a lot of the rap crap out now . Yes , millions can be wrong ... including you bozo pedroza ... I will never respect this ... give me a break this is absolute garbage and to make a documentary of this is to say these guys were important ... ha , ha , ha ... they aint making music anymore and they never were .
 Cibo Matto are one of the many bands trying to be too many things at once while winking to their friends in the audience . Stereotype A is an appropriation of many disparate styles , and it never comes together . The one lead singer in the band is very attractive , which makes their shows a must . Nothing on Stereotype A suggests that Cibo Matto will ever be able to incorporate many styles into one seamless blend like a music maestro such as Rod Stewart , whose many great albums are on sale right here at amazon , the country 's most reliable source for music and book purchases . I think Yuko is the name of the very attractive member of Cibo Matto .
 With `` Viva ! L.A. Woman '' they built an original -LRB- jazzy , cinematic , undefinable -RRB- sound . What do we have in this album ? Some standard funky , some standard bossa , some standard hip-hop . Some standard . Overall opinion
 I 'm a big fan of Cibo Matto 's `` Viva La Woman ! '' and was really looking forward to this new cd . . But here it is almost a year later and I still ca n't listen to it clear through . Fans of their earlier work should stay away , or at least be ready to be disappointed . Songs like `` Working For Vacation '' and `` King Of Silence '' are very catchy , and worth the price of the cd . The focus no longer seems to be on beautiful , bizarre , and haunting vocals , but on the electric and synthesizer heavy background trash . I hope their next one is better .
 This was okay but I already own Pizacatto Five and Stereolab . I miss the innovative loops and samples - like from the first album .
 A HUGE fan of Viva La Woman , I found this album incredibly disappointing . Although technically and musically masterful , it lacks any of the heart , ingenuity , experimentation or verve of the first album . It 's an album of style with no substance.For example , while the songs on the first album morph -- changing instrumentations and beats -- the songs on Stereotype are predictable and formulaic . They borrowed heavily from other genres -- jazz , funk , pop -- without introducing anything new . And the hard edge is totally gone -- except for on Sci-Fi Wasabi and Blue Train -- and these two songs are formula rap and rock . The whole album could have been done by just about anybody ; it lacks any character that could be called Cibo Matto.If you liked the track `` Sugar Water '' -LRB- the only song I ever skipped over -RRB- on the first album and you want to sit through entire album of it , by all means , buy this album.I blame Sean Lennon 's blah `` I 'm so technical it hurts '' influence for trashing this once exciting band . They were just as boring live this year as on album -- they even sugared the old material .
 This is the most disappointed I 've ever been with a new release from a promising band . The production is slick and meticulous , but the album is void of any musical energy or emotional depth.Cibo Matto wears many hats this time around
 What a disappointing , overproduced , overhyped mess . Yes , the ladies have abandoned their former trip-pop , sampled , quirky kookiness for radio friendly , very mainstream r & b blandness , replete with empty romanticized lyrics -LRB- I really miss the food references -RRB- and annoying -LRB- Shades of a Carpenters revival -RRB- backing vocals . There are only two vaguely salvagable tracks here `` Sci-Fi Wasabi '' -LRB- Derailed for me by an uncool Star Wars reference -RRB- and `` Blue Train '' -LRB- Sounds like a bad Buffalo Daughter outtake -RRB- . The rest is an indistinguishable blip on the Top 50 charts . And why did they tamper with `` Spoon '' , which was perfectly fine in its former incarnation -LRB- Perhaps to show off their improved diction -RRB- ???? They 're sure to make lots of money -LRB- Probably the idea -RRB- with this as the new Japanese TLC .
 Having heard the decent track by Cibo Matto `` Sci-fi Wasabi '' on a CMJ sampler , I bought STEREOTYPE A thinking it might have other songs in the same vein . Much to my dismay , it honestly is a boring album . Nearly the songs sound the same , and the singing of Miho Hatori and Yuka Honda is inept and lazy.Cibo Matto , like several other Japanese artists -LRB- most notably Towa Tei -RRB- , tried to use the American fascination with seemingly alien culture to sell this album . In the end , all one gets is a collection of 14 yawn-inducing filler-pop tracks . It has no redeeming qualities , and I would recommend that people would find much more worthy music to spend their money on .
 Why would they release such a complete mess like SciFi Wasabi as a single ? ... completely turns me away from wanting to hear the rest . Musically and lyrically a disaster . I 'd rather sit through karaoke night at the local drinking dive .
 RE-CYCLED VINYL BLUES represents the first time I have ever been disapointed by any music Neil Innes has been associated with.Maybe I 'm giving him too much credit , but I always thought Innes was an overlooked genius who could turn virtually anything into an interesting tune . This CD proves me wrong . The production is thick and muddy , the playing is slow and slovenly , and the lyrics are dull and lifeless.The only redeeming tracks here are `` Lie Down And Be Counted , '' an acoustic strummer with a sense of humor and some tasty backing vocals , and `` How Sweet To Be An Idiot , '' which fits in with some of the very best of Innes ' catalog . Too much of the rest of the record sounds like Innes and some studio hacks trying to fulfill contractual obligations.Thank God for the Rutles .
 You need to hear it for yourself and decide . . Do n't let other 's hype sway you . . Which is worse ?? A Christian band trying to imitate the world or a worldly band trying to imitate a Christian band ?? As Christians , we need to be the Innovators that the world wants to imitate . . Imitation is the best the devil can offer !!!
 I have every Bodeans album ever made -LRB- my favorite is the live `` Joe Dirt Car '' -RRB- , I have seen them in front of 200 people as well as 15,000 people -LRB- at Milwaukee 's Summerfest -RRB- and absolutely love them . I was anxious to listen to Sammy 's solo effort but have to admit it is not a CD I listen to often . The theme of the album is extremely dark and the CD simply depresses me.I am eagerly awaiting Kurt Neuwmann 's solo effort -LRB- coming July 25 , 2000 -RRB- . As the other half of the Bodeans songwriting duo , his album will likely be much more upbeat musically but still have great words ... we 'll find out in a few weeks .
 I 'm looking for purity and/or originallity . Ca n't find it here . There 's too much saccharine and not enough real feeling . I do n't buy the melancholy , it does n't sound authentic . This is one example when the cover is making more than the music . This is out of my collection . Tindersticks and Red House Painters achieve what this album wants
 first of all , this cd has too much swearing . second , it 's just boring to listen to ... there arent any decent rythms . What was fiend thinking when he wrote this horrible cd ??? go buy 2pac or jay-z if you want to listen to decent rap !
 P > I do n't doubt Michel Chapuis is a skilled virtuouso at the organ but I 'm afraid I feel that his interpretations of Bach as found in this set are highly pedestrian.He seems to be in the most incredible rush to finish the recordings of the complete works . He barely ever slows down the pace to anything like conventional thinking for a given piece . I wonder if he even likes Bach.Just occasionally the choice of registration -LRB- stops chosen -RRB- are particularly sweet and work very well , and a couple of the pieces are actually really nice , but overall I am highly disappointed with his performances and definitely would not recommend this set to anybody . Primarily -LRB- but not only -RRB- because everything is played too fast , sometimes much too fast.The instrument is quite acceptable although frankly I feel that that this recording fails to capture the full dynamic range of the instrument and the stereo mix is uninspired with little depth.The thunderous pedal notes for instance in Komm Gott , Schopfer , heiliger Geist BWV 631 should make my room vibrate through my studio transmission-line monitors -LRB- purchased specifically for organ listening -RRB- . They do n't . Quite apart from the fact he rushes that too - so the pedal notes do n't get a chance for the deep sonority to develop , the pedal registration is rather gutless.No , I did n't like Michel Chapuis ' performance one little bit . I have an old vinyl recording of Ralph Downes on the stodgy organ of the Albert Hall in London -LRB- I think - without checking -RRB- and although I 'm not mad on a lot of his performances either as he tends to be rather bland in his interpretations , I prefer many of his interpretations to almost every one of Chapuis ' . Also the Downes recording captures much better sonically and across the stereo image the depth of the instrument itself -LRB- which is passable in a typically English style , i.e. a bit dull for Bach -RRB- . I would n't necessarily recommend Downes ' performances in their entirety either -LRB- assuming they 're still available -RRB- as there are many organists I prefer to either of them - Helmut Walcha , Gillian Weir , Nicholas Danby being highest up the list for Bach -LRB- or Buxtehude or especially Gillian Weir for Baroque French organ works -RRB- . Do try to listen to selections of this recording before buying .
 It seems the general opinion on this page seems to place `` The Hardest Way ... '' at their second best spot as far as The Streets albums go . I am going to have to disagree with this opinion . I originally was brought into the world of the streets with `` Original Pirate Material '' and loved the simple beats , good flow , and the mixture of funny songs , serious songs , and sad songs all together on one album.I will admit when I first bought `` A Grand Do n't Come for Free '' I was a little turned off by the slightly different styling . It had appeared that Skinner had decided just to talk semi-animatedly over the garage beats . But that album really is a classic once you listen to it and let the words , and beats get into you . This album to me turned from one I was sorry I bought in the first 2 days , to my favorite of all of the albums.It is with regret that I must say this new album disapointed me completely . I have had it for a week and though the songs can be catchy and interesting , I feel it has lost the flair of the past albums . I saw a review that said it was glad to see this album after the second one which had strayed into another mainstream sound . I could not disagree more . I feel that this album is the one to stray into the mainstream . The beats are not as original or catchy , the songs not as funny or captivating . Besides his use of notoriously bad rhyming , which really helps the unique sound to most people and has stayed constant through all the records , it does not seem like the same old Mike to me.I still like the cd . I 'm not saying it is a complete waste of money , but I feel it is more for those who like the average typical rap sound . As someone who does n't so much , I still enjoy the album because I love The Streets dearly . Give it a try yourself though . It seems I am the only person to rank this at the bottom of the list for the three albums , but I think most of the longtime fans will find that this record has strayed from the raw roots and unique style into a more mainstream sound .
 somehow i ca n't avoid making comparisons to the last franz ferdinand and brian wilson albums . it 's weird what industry gets hyped regardless of whether it 's old burnt-out dinosaurs or young fresh ones.i like this enough to hope the earlier works are better , as people seem to suggest.there are some moments here ... especially towards the second half that do start to creep in but not nearly enough to suggest permanent `` genius '' status . my favorite songs were two nations -LRB- the least personal track -RRB- and never went to church -LRB- the most-personal track -RRB- . for the most part this -LRB- like most of today 's rap -RRB- makes me simply miss the old likes of x-clan , poor righteous teachers ... public enemy ... and even good old eminem.mcc >
 This is a joke right ?! I honestly thought this group was a hiphop parody group at first because I figured nobody could be that bad on purpose . These British rappers are hiliarous , they basically talk over a beat and it does n't even rhyme half the time . I got given this cd for free and I still want some money back !
 I thought this album was horrible . I am not at all impressed by his wit in songwriting , and the production was extremely underdeveloped . I like a good garage band ; do n't get me wrong , but each song just has so much more potential . I feel like the real irony of the album is not in the lyrics , but in the album title
 Considering it was semi-suprising that Skinner did n't end up with a sophomore slump -LRB- Grand was interesting , and although a step down , far from dissapointing -RRB- it 's not at all shocking that his third album hits a wall in a bad way . For the most part , there 's absolutely nothing her that was present on his first 2 discs . He 's semi removed himself from the garage claims he came up on , in that his production is sharper and his beats are cleaner . But that , unfortunately , does n't make the album good , or even descent . It has none of the emotion , feeling or believability that his first two discs had . The first single `` when you was n't famous '' is a significant step down from the singles from `` Grand , '' just as those were a step down from OPM . Regardless , there is just nothing here to attract new fans , or warrant a couple superficial listens from existing STreets fans . Skinner sounds weak here and his topic change from middle class to the lives of the rich and famous just is n't interesting . There 's no believability here ; and even if the album is a parody , it 's an unlikeable one . The mysanthropy , anger , and satire here are lazy and unbearably frustrating . After two albums that were as great as they were , the slip is understanding . But it 's dissapointing nonetheless and the absence of the old Skinner is striking , and not in a good way .
 Of course there is no reviews . Who is going to buy a $ 54 album when they do n't even give you the samples . Bah , humbug .
 The marketing text above , which states `` expanded , remixed , and remastered '' is true ... Except it does n't state , `` expanded , remixed , and remastered in 1999 '' . Yes , folks , Queen Janie is up to her old tricks again , trying to shore up her coffers with some more of your hard-earned loot , by playing the reissue sleight-of-hand . This is the exact same '99 set , which was Janie-marketed back then as a `` limited edition '' , but , bygollygeewow , has amazingly never gone out-of-print . In other words , there was no reason to re-release this , except to Janie-troll for suckers.The only difference between this new release and the '99 is now it 's in a digipak ... even the booklet is the same . Both discs obviously have the same IRSC code as the ' 99 , as both iTunes & freedb recognize each as such , and all the track times are identical.So , if you already own the ' 99 , ai n't no reason to buy this again . If you have n't purchased it prior to this , you might want to click on the '99 link above and see if there 's a good condition used copy for less money ... Why put more money in Janie 's pocket ?
 This release is missing two of the songs from the original performance at Woodstock , `` Gypsy Woman '' and `` Mastermind . '' Hendrix only performed these songs at the Woodstock show ; therefore , their historic value is impossible to deny . Yet these songs are not on this release!Additionally , this album does not include some of the other musicians ' performances . The guitar of Larry Lee , for example , has been mixed out , along with other percussion and singing.This release could have been the definitive edition of Jimi Hendrix 's legendary performance at Woodstock . Instead , it represents almost nothing beyond the 1994 Alan Douglas : Woodstock release .
 It 's a mystery to me why the Hendrix family -LRB- ExperienceHendrix -RRB- could n't release the complete and uncut recording of this performance . Instead of releasing the complete recording of this historic concert , the Hendrix family has edited -LRB- or deleted -RRB- instrumental sections -LRB- from songs -RRB- , guitar solos , some of Hendrix ' comments between songs , Larry Lee 's solos , most of the percussion section , and two songs -LRB- Gypsy Woman and Mastermind -RRB- . The Hendrix family has announced in the past they have hours of live recordings . It 's probably safe to say that we can expect more of the same with regard to these future recordings , that is edited songs , deletion of songs , etc.Unfortunately , we 'll never be able to experience these shows complete and uncut . Despite Jimi 's musical prowess and talent , which is in abundance on this recording , I ca n't recommend it .
 I have a good collection of hendrix and heard much more ; this is trash cashing in on the extremely overrated concert of its name . The band is very spotty and really juiced making them all completely unable to follow Jimi 's talent -LRB- which shines through in SSB and the long solo afterwards - pretty much the only highlights of this disc -RRB- You would be much better off with Band of Gypsies or Live at the Fillmore . In this vein Isle of Wight works from a more solid foundation . Do note that Jimi never played with this band again .
 Not a bad peformance . An understatment , obiviously , but the editing done onf this disk is dishonest . Hendrix was great , his performance was Woodstock was awesome , and maybe , just maybe , we 'll get to hear it in its pure form today . For now , though , Experience Hendrix Ltd. is just taking a page from Alan Douglas and doing Jimi a disservice . Skip this CD till the REAL THING comes out ...
 Given that you can get this version of ` Star Spangled Banner ' elsewhere I would avoid this release . I first heard this gig in it 's complete form -LRB- including the two Larry Lee vocal cuts not included here -RRB- on bootleg vinyl back in the day . It was pretty poor . Subsequent releases have n't been much better . Why ? Because of two reasons
 I got the wrong Cd . I order Jimi Hendrix at Woodstock and ended up with one of his other cd .
 In these troubling economic times , as a music buyer , I 'm looking to spend my rare extra money on original and thrilling albums . That 's why the tone of this review is a little more acerbic than usual - I 'm deeply disappointed with Magnitude 9 for releasing such an amateur , pedestrian piece of work , and equally disappointed in myself for buying it sight unseen . Should have known better.If someone calls Reality in Focus `` progressive rock '' , they 've lied to you twice . One , it 's not progressive , either in the sense of being forward-looking or in the sense of songs having movement . There is n't a single riff or lick here that was n't written between 1985 and 1990 by either Queensryche , Iron Maiden , or Yngwie Malmsteen . This was not cutting-edge stuff even upon release in 2001 . Second , it does not `` rock '' in any sense I recognize . Every track has a single mid-range tempo , which does n't change up throughout the album , and the production sound is so thin and weak that none of the riffs that there are have any impact.Out of 9 original tracks , only one has a decent hook . The opener , No Turning Back , has a durable main riff and a chorus that sticks in the craw despite its lack of originality . The second-best track is Flight of Icarus , an inferior cover of a song by a far superior band.There are a couple of good things about this record - Magnitude 9 can certainly play their instruments , and this album was clearly made for the love of creating music , but there 's nothing else to recommend it . Look to a more original band to get your virtuoso fix . Not recommended , at all .
 Wishywashy cause-proclamation from a once brilliant tunesmith and vocalist . It 's okay to buy into feminism , tree-hugging and wicca in one 's personal life , but to create an album on a major label about this stuff , to slow and barely tuneful music is a major mistake . If you 're unfamiliar with Laura Nyro , this is not the place to begin . Try `` Eli and the Thirteenth Confession , '' `` The First Songs '' or pretty much anything else . Leave this one for Gloria Steinem or the next PETA convention .
 I just do n't get it . A just-barely-OK lengthy take of `` Interstellar '' with footage including some weird -LRB- not at all in a good/interesting way ... I mean weird that anyone decided that it was relevant to the Floyd -RRB- faux-psychedelic documentary about London circa ' 66 / '67 interspersed with precious few live clips -LRB- again , not that bomb ... some footage finds PF looking about as enthused as a kid in church -RRB- and you have this perplexingly disappointing release . This is almost bootleg level in terms of editing quality and intention as a piece of art but that besmirches the good name of the better quality bootlegs I 've enjoyed in my life . This so totally sucks and was probably only vaguely authorized by the band . It certainly seems designed to slip into the `` gim me everything '' filterless , fanboy bloodstream . Which is a shame . Do n't waste your money . Even if you 're hardcore ... it just might make you angrier ...
 Beware ! This `` Original Recording Remastered '' is grossly untrue to the original recordings . I have `` Singles 45 's and Under '' on LP and wanted these recordings on CD . Unfortunately , I did not see any warnings in any reviews , from either critics or consumers , advising of the destruction of the dynamic range of these recordings . I 'll have to leave this double CD in the car stereo since I ca n't stand to listen to it on a half-way decent home stereo system . There are so many compilations of Squeeze material available , I will have to look elsewhere for a satisfactorily sounding one which includes post-1983 Squeeze music . I suggest you do the same .
 Squeeze was a terrific band and the band does deserve an exceptional anthology with some b-sides thrown into the mix as well.This is n't it.The song selection is terrific.The b-sides are good -- there are a couple here that should n't have been on this reissue as they 've appeared elsewhere but , again , it 's a pretty good selection of b-sides on the second disc.The problem is the mastering.It 's loud . It 's superloud and horribly compressed.It 's headache inducing loud.There was n't any credit in the booklet noting who did the remastering here probably because they 're ashamed . They should be.Avoid this . Save your money . Oh , for those who picked upBig Squeeze
 These guys suck , terribly . Nothing is good about these guys . You can pretty much do what they do by hitting a trash can on the ground outside your house and screaming at it . This is just terrible , terrible stuff . . I can listen to the songs for about 15 seconds , literally , before I have to turn it off . Do n't buy this .
 I paid good money for this CD online . The front cover of the CD says that it 's a Parental Advisory CD , but it 's not . The title track `` Daddy 's Little Girl '' is edited all over the place . This song is the reason why I purchased it & spent almost 11 bucks plus shipping & handling costs for it . I am greatly disappointed that Def Jam or Nikki D thinks that this album should be deserving of a Parental Advisory sticker if they 're not going to stay true to the music & live up to it 's Parental Advisory sticker warning label as intended . I 'm not saying I enjoy listening to cuss words in music , but cuss words really are better than listening to the annoying beeping sounds & rewind sounds that this album contains . Again , beeping sounds are worse on the ears than cuss words . They are equally if not more annoying than the bad words . I believe in my 1st Amendment Rights & we as America are losing this right slowly , but surely if the government has it 's way with us one of these days . We will soon have no right to Freedom Of Speech even through the means of adult content oriented Parental Advisory CD 's that I am well aware of & am prepared for any & all curse words contained in an album I specifically buy & listen to . When there is a Parental Advisory sticker on an album & it 's as extremely edited as tis one is , it makes me hesitate about buying any & all future albums that promise one thing , but sell the opposite . If you do n't mind edited music when the album says Parental Advisory on the front , then buy this album . But , if you want what you pay for , then you should n't . The producers & creators & musicians of this album lied when they stated it 's a Parental Advisory album . It is not . It 's an edited one . I would have been more happier if the Parental Advisory sticker was never introduced to this album & I would have had myself to blame when coming across all the edited music that was contained in it if I ever had false thoughts & reservations that this album contained explicit lyrics . I got jipped buying this album . I did not get the Parental Advisory version of this album that I as an adult listener am entitled to listen to as my own personal private to listen to this album with obviously no children around or in the room or within earshot of the music . What a waste of time in waiting for this item to come into the mail & a waste of money being lied to by the recording industry who were so brave to tag this album as a Parental Advisory CD , but was not even close to living up to that name .
 I have been a Great White fan since Once Bitten came out ... that said , this album is just not good . I am all for artists trying new things , but this album -LRB- 1999 I think ? -RRB- apparently was an attempt to tread new ground lyrically and musically , and it just doesnt work . A few of the songs have grunge type influence , and the lyrics are decidedly more introspective than prior attempts . That would be OK if it were good stuff ... it ai n't . I am actually going to see the band in a couple of weeks ... let 's face it , Great White is not top of the heap , but what they do quite well is the upbeat , blues based zep meets ac/dc stomp and scream w / lyrics about gettin ' some and havin ' fun . Rolling Stoned is the only track worth even listening to on this release . Sorry guys , this album is just weak . I LOVE Once Bitten , Twice Shy , Psycho City , Great Zeppelin , Hooked ... all of those are quite good !!!! I would avoid this if you 're looking for the GREAT Great White . Just does n't work . cheers .
 Great White have always had 3 advantages over their 80s era contemporaries
 I ca n't hear the great Sills , I 'll recommend her roberto in cd instead . Wolftrap has bed accoustics . I was there , and Sills was great . But the recording is badly miked . She sounds thin and can hardly be heard .
 I 've purchased many concert music DVD 's -LRB- and other things -RRB- from Amazon and am very happy with prices and fast delivery . I 've never taken the opportunity to review an item , until I watched this one.This DVD package contains two , dreadful one-hour documentaries which were horribly pieced-together from various other documentaries . In that regard , the title `` Masterpieces -LRB- Collectors Special Edition -RRB- '' makes sense , but there 's nothing here close to an Eric Clapton masterpiece . Even if you paid nothing -LRB- instead of the high $ 25 price -RRB- and got free shipping , it would still have cost you two hours of your time.If Eric 's guitar playing and singing is what interests you , get his One More Car , One More Rider and Live in Hyde Park dvd 's . -LRB- You can probably buy both here for the same price as this useless item . -RRB- Then , you 'll be hearing , seeing , enjoying , real Eric Clapton masterpieces .
 Not a masterpiece . There is much better footage out there.Don ' t waste your money .
 I 'm a big fan of Eric Clapton and his music dating from the Yardbirds forward . He 's done a tremendous body of work . Unfortunately you wo n't find much here worth buying . The overall content and quality are pretty poor . Rather than masterpieces this more like the stuff left -LRB- for good reason -RRB- out of many other DVD 's covering his work .
 Before listening to this Legacy Edition in full , I had planned on writing a lengthy review , but this new set is only for those who have to have all Tosh releases in their possession.The tracks are very repetitive , as all the demos and Jamaican versions almost feel exactly like only slightly different mixes.The Jamaican mix of all the same tracks on the regular album sound almost exactly the same . They 're more stripped down versions of what 's on the first disc , with what sounds like the same vocal tracks.The demos sound just like that - demos . Hearing Tosh work through the songs is only interesting as historical documentation . So , I can only imagine the hardcore fans and completists appreciating hearing them.Perhaps the only thing I could use to recommend this are the small handful of dub versions that end Disc 2 . Other than that , I say it 's not a necessary purchase.But I do recommend getting the Legacy Edition of Equal Rights . The seven bonus tracks on Disc 1 alone make it a worthwhile purchase for Peter Tosh fans , and for reggae fans who have yet to purchase `` Equal Rights . '' So , just skip the Legacy Edition of `` Legalize It . ''
 Ok wait a sec. , all of these songs have been on the shelves for a while and to be quite frank , played out.If you 're an avid techno supporter you should own all of these songs already . Do n't waste your money , trust me and others when we say it 's really not worth it .
 What is the point of ever making this CD ? I 've had most of these songs for at least a year . Columbia , what are you thinking ?
 These were great tracks when they came out , but what is the point in bringing a compilation out of 2 year old tracks ? None of which are obscure remixes . Totally pointless album , unless you 've been in outer mongolia for the last 3 years !
 Two CDS - well , if you expected two hours of music , forget it - both clock in at 32 minutes . That may seem unfair , but given how lousy the music is , it is an ironic blessing . Noise , shredding , loud guitar work , thuimping drums and rageful vocals - nothing too original here , Ms. Lady from Rochester - your rave review is hard to justify .
 Released by Sony 's Columbia/Legacy imprint , this collection primarily focuses on songs recorded 1976-1978 , taken from the albums `` Legalize It '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , `` Equal Rights '' -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , and `` Bush Doctor '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . SCROLLS OF THE PROPHET
 By now most agree that the late Peter Tosh 's career seemed dominated more by his outsized ego than by artistic triumph . That his greatest hits album is titled `` Scrolls of the Prophet '' should warn the wary . A genuine prophet is concerned with his message , not himself.Tosh 's career has benefitted from more than a little revisionist history . The breakup of the Wailers is , in reality , well documented . Reviewer Sean 's note that Bob 's career was promoted due to his lighter skin color is startling , and untrue , and I wonder about his source for that . The simple fact is that the Wailers reorganized around Bob 's material in the late 1960s at the behest of Lee Perry . Perry-produced releases from that era -LRB- especially the crucial `` Rasta Revolution '' and others compiled on `` African Herbsman '' -RRB- were the first `` Bob Marley and the Wailers '' records . It 's beyond comprehension that Scratch cared a wit about the color of Bob 's skin ; the dreadest of the dread producer obviously cared everything about the quality of Bob 's songs . Peter 's just did n't measure up.Only two of Tosh 's albums are worth discussion , the fair `` Legalize It '' and Tosh 's best , `` Equal Rights . '' Tosh is often credited for `` fiery social commentary , '' but in fact his songs are hardly insightful , never revelatory . Other artists -LRB- and Marley too -RRB- are simply more interesting on these subjects.Tosh 's songs assert , they do n't explain , and thus just do n't have the artistry and impact of others . Marley -LRB- and Bunny , and Burning Spear -RRB- can tell you why Jah rules -LRB- a considerable challenge -RRB- ; Tosh never gets beyond the assertion . Marley -LRB- and Culture , and Black Uhuru -RRB- will tell you society is oppressive , and also tell you what to do about it ; Tosh would just grab a gun . Tosh undoubtedly was a genuine `` stepping razor , '' but legions of Jamaican singers have plausibly claimed to be just as tough.Tosh 's songwriting has its moments , but too often his albums just drone , and get lost in repetitive , bombastic proclamation . `` Legalize It '' took over two years for Tosh to complete , and the record accordingly suffers from overproduction . The title song is clever , but the message is simplistic , and it and the album will eventually bore you . The `` Equal Rights '' album is more focused and sounds rawer . `` Stepping Razor '' is wonderful , rough and tough . The song `` Equal Rights '' is Tosh 's best social commentary , though it takes more than lyrics like `` I do n't want peace , I want equal rights '' to be insightful . His following albums , which account for only a few songs on `` Scrolls , '' sink into a self-absorbed morass.Tosh 's main attractions were his distinctive baritone and use of rock-style guitar leads , which gave his sound some menace . And Tosh was definitely a superior live performer.But it 's no coincidence that `` Scrolls Of the Prophet '' is dominated by `` Equal Rights '' songs , because Tosh 's career was otherwise fairly unremarkable , and hardly prophetic . Buy this CD if you must , but all you really need is `` Equal Rights . ''
 Do n't buy this one either ... Unless you like grooving to the wrong words . I thought I was going to be sent back to the good old days ... Save your money . You wo n't get a refund ! You ca n't call anyone . I got it &#34; DRY &#34; !
 There is no excuse for releasing shoddy product like this . The sonic quality is variable and mostly horrible -- and mono , no less ! As Craig Fenton -LRB- who should no better than to endorse this with four stars -RRB- noted , the order is all mixed up , songs fade in and out . There 's distortion on most of the lead vocals . It 's just a slipshod deal from beginning to end . Is the music good ? Absolutely ! But I guarantee you can hear much , much better Airplane from this era -LRB- though streaming only -RRB- on wolfgangsvault.com or a couple of other past '67 releases . A truly bad , unauthorized bootleg . -LRB- I am a lifelong Airplane fanatic and author of several books about the Grateful Dead ... -RRB-
 She started out as the `` German Britney Spears '' and somehow she got stuck there . Her songs have no message , no great melody and are absolutely shallow . So is her image . She still stays `` clean '' -LRB- in contrast to Britney -RRB- and it extremely boring and superficial -LRB- when it comes to stardom - no meant personally -RRB-
 Did you know that Motown 's studio band played on this album and on `` Whispers '' ?? On `` Higher And Higher '' , that bass at the beginning could be no one other than James Jamerson . I knew that there was some reason that I keep coming back to this , this recording always stuck with me ever since I first heard it upon its release in 1967 -LRB- particularily the title track -RRB- . And Jackie is at his peak on this recording , I feel . For me , Jackie 's performance on the title track and the Funk Brother 's playing gives it 5 stars -LRB- Please ignore the 2-star graphic , that is an error . 5 stars !! -RRB-
 cd is on a paper sleeve not a regular cd box.only 3 songs for such a high price over 30 $ not worth the price
 I purchased this CD because I enjoyed Lewis Black 's `` Rules of Enragement '' so much . However , I was very disappointed at the change in his subject matter . It appears he prostituted himself for the `` Rules '' CD.At Carnegie Hall , for a large Democrat and liberal audience , he only disparages conservatives and Republicans . Hurricane Katrina -- he has nothing to say about the Democrat mayor of New Orleans nor the Democrat governor of Louisiana.Gay Marriage -- everyone who is Republican is homophobe , not homoaverse.Terry Schiavo-only the Republicans used her for political advantage , while Black relates how he masturbated through this event.However , in `` Rules , '' before a conservative audience , he disparages both sides of the political spectrum , dishonestly protraying himself as a moderate.I really do n't care if you are left-wing or right-wing , but if you are going to do political humor , at least you should always be honest about what side of the fence , or on the fence , you are standing .
 Since nobody wants to tell the truth about this album allow me . The beats are bland and lifeless , the lyrics are puny and disposable and Rasheeda tries to hard to be nasty . Two songs I will endorse are DONT HATE -LRB- featuring Jody Breeze -RRB- and BRING IT TO MAMMA . Filler : Georgia Peach -LRB- Id rather taste my on vomit than your Georgia Peach -RRB- You can get it -LRB- lame nonbeat produced by Nitti where -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- Rasheeda raps just like Yung Joc was rapping on Its Goin Down -RRB- , Buy my drink -LRB- buy the whole club pillows so they can sleep on this song -RRB- , Pack ya bags -LRB- dreadful plus the girl on the hook sounds like she 's doing her worst Ashanti impression -RRB- , Type Of Girl , Let It Clap -LRB- another boring club record for you to sleep to -RRB- , Lifestyle -LRB- this is exactly what a song featuring all wack female rappers would sound like -RRB- , Chanel Shades , Every rapper cant trap -LRB- wack subliminal diss record directed at lord knows who -RRB- , Poppin Bottles -LRB- another dumb club with Pastor Troy sounding like a hick on the hook -RRB- I could go on !!! Bottom Line
 Spock 's Beard is a great band , talented musicians and great music but something went wrong here , , a terrible experiment or something but man what a disappointment ! Overall poor songs , no powerful tunes , no punch , no great lyrics , just downright bad . Hate to say it but the guys messed up on this one!dont waste your money on this one ! Very poor effort !
 Listen , prog is my life . . I was introduced to it through the Beatles -LRB- really . . -RRB- but when I heard The Yes Album I never looked back . Other bands followed in my vinyl collection
 Another highly-praised album that I can not find myself enjoying . Too many different sounds and influences on this album . Very confusing and jumbled musical ideas . One song is pure pop , another is pure 70 's style prog , another sounds alternative , and then switches to a long instrumental break that sounds like jazz . Too weird for my ears .
 I wo n't rehash information found in other reviews of this album . I 've recently bought a number of Spock 's Beard albums and am shocked at not only their sheer talent , but their ability to convey it in such pleasurable ways . It 's all a question of style , and Spock 's Beard has it ... but just not on this CD . This one is a departure from their normal format , the songs being much shorter and the overall demeanor much ` harder ' . The hardness comes from guitar distortions liberally distributed in too many tracks , and although I can normally deal with hard -LRB- prog -RRB- rock just fine , I find this release too obnoxious on balance . Unless you are distortion freak , stick with many of the other SB albums , many of them are top notch .
 Do n't understand why people suppose SP is one of the best modern prog rock groups . Sorry ... It was my first SP CD and , thelast one . I have been listening this for the last 3 day and still do n't understand what are some prog funs and funzines talking about ? It is just mainstream pop-rock with a few sound effects ! On the given CD you can hear direct musical and stilistical quotations from Abbey Road-era Beatles , Bryan Adams -LRB- ! -RRB- and almost exact copy of King Crimson 's Dinosaur . At least 6o % of music in the CD is just ordinary pop-rock ! Musicanship . Some guys from Dutch Prog Rock funzine compared SP with Yes , particulary how SP play on this CD . Come on , that 's just funny ! Vocal . Not bad , that 's all what I 'd like to say . So , I gave this CD 2 stars for Distance To The Sun and another one song . Summary . The bad news is I bought this CD . The good ones is I bought it in used CD department for -LSB- price -RSB- , which is a right price for this kind of production . And , if you like pop-rock , you 'd better buy The Best of Brian Adams or something like this ! They just sing good melodic songs and do n't pretend they 're cool smarter-then-you guys !
 The first song from the self-titled album , Boys Like Girls , is the only one repeated listening has found worth listening too at all . Mainly only because it is the only one I can tell apart from the others . If you 're looking for good background noise , this fits the requirements ; if you 're looking for good listening , buy the single if you must have it . `` The Great Escape '' is n't worth trapping yourself into the full CD .
 Boys Like Girls possess not one unique song on their self-titled debut . From the sound-a-like choruses to the predictable she-done-me-wrong subject matter , it sounds like a hybrid of Simple Plan and the All-American Rejects . They do have talent and work off each other brilliantly as musicians , especially considering they formed their band a mere year ago , but they sound like everything heard before from the pop-punk camp.Charging through the album like his life depends on it , lead singer Martin Johnson has passion and grit , but the similarity of his vocals to those of Pierre Bouvier , the lead vocalist of Simple Plan , is mighty disturbing . Some songs have admirable lyrics like the conflicting emotions of `` Hero/Heroine '' or `` Dance Hall Drug , '' where innocence is sadly lost , but by the end listeners will only know one thing for sure
 I bought this CD to brush up on my high school french before going to France . The lessons move very quickly . There is n't much time to echo the response in French . Beginners may have trouble keeping up.Another drawback is that the entire CD is 2 tracks ! The introduction is one track and the 14 lessons are the other track . This format makes it difficult to jump to a particular lesson . You either have to listen to the beginning or fast forward through the track to the time you want . I would recommend one of the other CDs like the `` Learn in Your Car '' series .
 I am not sure why they say this is not published yet because I purchased this for my 2 yr.old son for Christmas 2000 . I do not recommend this video at all . It only makes my son wilder at bedtime . There is no routine for bedtime and it is always daylight during the video and the other teletubbies just laugh . I laughed at myself for buying it .
 If you have any knowledge of Spanish vocabulary , do not buy this CD . This is VERY VERY basic , with greetings -LRB- ola , como esta , buenos dias , etc -RRB- , very simple phrases , very simple words . For someone who knows NO Spanish , this might be helpful , but not to anyone else . In addition , the CD is very short , and more than half of my CD skips , making it shorter still . I was very disappointed and feel I wasted my money .
 the music on this CD is just plain awful , at times even vulgar . I think MOS put their drum machines and synthesizers on a random auto setting and went with whatever came out . The songs were repetitive , monotonous , and just plain old boring . After being taken for $ 32 , I will never buy a MOS CD gain without having first heard -LRB- and liked -RRB- a good portion of the material . The Euphoria series are much more to my liking . I would have given it 0 stars if I could have .
 I want a BHTM album that will grab me by the hair , throw my face into the bumper of a parked '76 Ford pick up , and fracture a mouthful of teeth . This album is n't it ...
 All of the reviews discussing that it 's good to do something new and BHT should n't have to rehash Midnight Radio with each album miss the point here . The truth is that even if you want to hear something different from BHT , this album is simply full of bad songs . Other albums they 've done which have been `` different , '' i.e. , Strategem and Riviera , have eventually grown on me . No matter how much you love BHT , this album is just uninspired music that any bad high school band could have done . Unfortunately , it 's been a long time since BHT surprised anyone . The live shows are all the same with no twists or turns , Todd physically looks terrible , and there 's nothing that sets them apart anymore . The last surprise I can remember was when they first started playing Tangerine live . Live Monsters could go down as the least relevant live album ever . Do something different , but make it good . How about an acoustic album ? How about some cool covers ? How about some 14 minute songs/jams ? How about an electric version of Ann Arbor Grandfather ? How about an acoutic version of Freedom Fighter ? How about an album without so many throwaway songs ? Please , please , please , BHT - do it right or hang it up . This album will gown down as a shameful testament to your true abilities .
 I was inspired to write this review after reading `` Life Long BHT Fan 's '' review below . I had just received and email about and upcoming BHTM show at the Crystal Ballroom in Portland , Oregon and I went to the BHT website to look into tickets . It has been sometime since I have listened to an album , but I hold my past love for their work as one of my all time favorites bands over the past decade . The problem is that they lost me on Riviera . I have seen them a couple of times and as the review I cited above states , it is was the same show twice in different years.Now , I listed to the song samples from CoP from the band 's website , `` Dirty Juice '' and `` Imaginary Ships , '' as well as the snip-its from amazon , and there is no way I would touch this album . I am even sad to think I wo n't go to the upcoming concert . I know there are only some many songs a band can produce in the same format , but when another good format does not present itself , please do n't put out substandard music . From the little I heard of this album , it is just a disgrace to what the band has done . Who wants to remember them like this.I know this wo n't be helpful to many , but when the sample songs available on the band 's website are n't any good -- is n't that where you are supposed to put your best foot forward . I just do think there is a best to put forward with this album and I am not going to spend the money just to find out I am right .
 Now , I really liked Suspiria , but it shows that they put little effort into Conflict . . mainly because there are only 5 or 6 new songs on it , which are all just average . Maybe I 'm just imaginning it , but thier Bonus Multimedia Track is oddly missing . Do they count her saying thank you to the crowd as Multimedia ? Eh , you cant expect much from a bunch of goth kids who look like they recently got out of high school ...
 I would class myself as a dance music critic -LRB- having over 3000 songs in my possession and being a dj myself -RRB- and I can safely say that the mixing in this cd is shocking . Not only do they not bother to get the bpms sinked -LRB- in cd2 -RRB- but many of the tracks clash so violently that it makes me want to perpetrate a criminal act to the ministry of sound website . No , but seriously they picked a great set of tracks but did a bad job of combining most of them . I reckon if they had just left the cd unmixed it would have solved a lot of problems -LRB- employing a dj for one -RRB- . Peter m.
 this is n't punk . punks do n't write songs about ` rolling in their cadillac ' . this sounds like blink 182 meets green day ... wtf ? i you want punk go listen to some TSOL , Dead Kennedys , the Nonsensibles , or any of the older stuff . jeez man , talk about TREEEEEEEENDDDDYYY .
 unoriginal top 40 ... think the pop punk thing has just about run its course if this is the best stuff out there .
 Ok let me start by saying that this cd is really -LSB- bad -RSB- . The only thing that saves it is the song Cadillac . Other than that , this cd is about as good as shoving forks into your ears . It has some semi-decent music , but the lyrics are so -LSB- bad -RSB- it is n't natural . I think their are so many bands that are better than M.E.S.T. -LRB- like Good Charlotte , A Simple Plan , and my personal favorite The Sarting Line -RRB- that you should n't waste your money on this garbage , unless you want to hear the song Cadillac -LRB- which for some reason is really good -RRB- , but i just suggest that you download it .
 i bet you 10 $ that they stole destination unkown from the lyrics of ruby soho by rancid kicks there gay poopy areses there stupid punk wannabes like blink182 listen to us bombs or rancid or operation ivy or the vandals or the dropkick murphys or the clash or sublime or the casaulties
 This is for the guy who 's review stated that Mest is more a ` pop-rock ' band ... While I agree with you that they 're not a real punk band , Please do n't send them to the `` pop-rock '' class ... we do n't want 'em any more than you `` true punks '' do ...
 Mest is way too poppy . They have meny stupid songs on their cd also . I would take this cd if you paid me to get it . Besides that no .
 Mest , a band known to all Warped-Tour and punkrock afficcionados as a harmless force on the punk scene , does little to impress me with their sophomore effort , `` Destination Unknown '' . It is highly ironic that i use the word `` effort '' when describing the album , because it seems that more was put into audible aesthetics and production than into the music . Their cliche guitar riffs and chord progressions -LRB- the same riffs used in 5 different songs -RRB- , combined with lyrics that could easily have been written by a 10 year-old -LRB- `` I 'm wondering/If you 're alone up there/Since you 've been gone/I 've been alone down here '' - `` Mother 's Prayer '' ; `` I ca n't do wrong , I ca n't do right/I feel so alone tonight/I wish someone could feel/And understand the way i think/You know they 've got me on the brink/Of Self-Destruction/I wish someone could feel '' - `` Opinions '' -RRB- , really make this album very hard to like . The recordings of the instruments sound as though their producers studied the recording prcess of Blink182 's disgustingly over-produced `` Enema Of the State '' and New Found Glory 's self-titled major label debut . This album presents them as a band that has nothing speacial about them
 they are n't real punk , they are just pop-punk . Good Charolatte -LRB- however you spell their name -RRB- , A New Found Glory , Blink 182 , and Sum 41 are n't punk either they are all posers like Mest . I hear people say that they are a `` underground punk '' band and thats bull , if they were then why are they popular .
 A drum machine and a synthesizer . Poor quality . Just because the instruments whizz about the room does not excuse the lack of quality . In my opinion a waste of money . Please buy it so I do n't feel I am the only one getting robbed .
 We listened to this once , and kept thinking , `` When will this end ? '' It sounds like someone had a cheap synthesizer system , and put it together in their basement . After listening to this version , we put on a stereo recording we had of Bolero by a real orchestra . The difference was astonishing .
 I love music ... all kinds of music . Ravel Bolero is one of my all time favorites ... but certainly not this one . It was very disjointed . I wish I had save the $ $ $ . If anyone wants it I 'll let it go for 1/2 price!I do have to say that the sonics were great though . It did show off my system soncially ... but I sure hated the interpretation of this ordinarily fine piece of music . I bet Mr. Ravel turned over in his grave when he heard it .
 Ok so its DVD-Audio DTS etc. . The acutal recording is boring and not worth the price .
 Maybe I should have read the fine print a bit more closely before ordering this . Quite honestly , this had been done before , by Isao Tomita , and his still remains the definitive version for me . The sonics were OK , but the movement of the `` instruments '' was very distracting . In too many places , the notes were changed away from a minor key to a major . I came away from this not at all satisfied . The DVD featured both the DVD-A and DTS-ES versions , and an accompanying CD also featured the DTS-ES . They could have also included DTS96/24 along with the ES . All in all , I 'd say save your money . This one just was n't worth it .
 My rating for this product is no stars at all . Of maybe a dozen versions of this wonderful piece of music that I have heard in almost 60 years of music enjoyment , this piece must be the worst . I was so hungry for DVD-Audio surround sound recordings that I purchased two recordings from this company `` ears unheard '' . This was the worst waste of money I have ever encountered . I would mail the disks back to the company to let them know my displeasure but it is n't even worth the postage.Yes , it is indeed a synthesizer all the way through . Feel free to purchase it but only if you totally understand that this is an experimental piece playing around with surround sound recording . DO NOT BUT IT IF YOU WANT TO HEAR A DVD RECORDING OF A REAL ORCHESTRA .
 I was very dissappointed in this disc . Syntesized instruments do n't even come close to reproducing Boleros majesty , not to mention many were out of key , and it was a poor quality attemt at reproducing the sounds of the symphony instuments !!! Do n't waste your money , I 'm sorry I bought it .
 I ordered this based on other people 's rave reviews and my appreciation for Breszny 's writing and creative endeavors which I find refreshing and inspiring , but this is a tremendous disappointment . I find it stale , predictable , almost embarrassing to listen to . I will never buy music again without getting a sound sample . Oh , this stinks . Rob , buddy , if you are the most creative person in the universe , why did you do this to us ? Maybe your spirit wants to take your ego back into the yin .
 Beware
 My 3 year old son loves Elmo , and since I think Elmo videos are very educational -LRB- even though my husband CAN NOT stand Elmo ! -RRB- , we own many Elmo DVDs , but I am extremely disappointed in this one . They spent most of the time showing kids singing off-key and mumbling the lyrics , Elmo barely sang anything ! THe only good parts in this DVD probably only lasted 15 minutes -LRB- the actually singing parts -RRB- . I would NOT recommend this DVD at all !
 This video scared my son so much we had to throw it out , at his insistance . There is a giant run away meatball from the `` on top of spaghetti '' song that appears thoughtout the show which scares him so much he does n't even want his little sister to watch it . I 'll admit this is probably an extreme reaction but just wanted people to be aware that it could scare other kids .
 This video focuses on children trying to sing their favorite songs . You do n't see very many Sesame Street characters ; it 's mostly about other children . It lost my son 's attention -LRB- 14 months old -RRB- almost immediately.The first video -LRB- Kids ' Favorite Songs -RRB- shows Sesame Street characters singing , and he loves this .
 My kids -LRB- age3 , boy & girl -RRB- love '' KIDS FAVORITE SONGS '' video . So I purhased this video for them . We do not want to watch an interview program ! I want to give my kids song video . I had been deceived by that title .
 I hated this video . The favorite songs # 1 is great . My 9 month old daughter loves it . What a disapointment the second one was . They do n't have enough of the Sesame Street characters in it . It 's a lot of clips of kids talking and singing and bad cartoons .
 Not enough Elmo and Sesame Street characters . It 's mostly little kids singing and not very clearly so if you want to teach your little ones the songs it wo n't work . My kids did n't like it either .
 I was very disapppointed with this DVD . We loved the first Kid 's Favorite Songs so we were really looking forward to the second one . They spent too much time interviewing little kids and too little time actually singing the songs.Don ' t waste your money on this one . I highly recommend Kids Favorite Songs -LRB- 1 -RRB- , The Best of Elmo , and Do the Alphabet .
 I should have listened to the reviews on here , but I thought I would give it a chance since my daughter loves a lot of the songs . It would have been fine if it were just the muppets singing , but having the kids singing in the video is terrible . My daughter did n't like it and I ca n't blame her !
 We have the first video Kids Favorite Songs , which my son just adores . I was so thrilled to find out that there was a second edition , and bought it for Christmas . It is terrible . He could care less about this video . It is not entertaining at all since they use mostly kids that ca n't sing , and hardly any puppets like the first one . Very dissapointed and a waste of money . Do not recommend !
 I bought this DVD for my toddler because he loves Grover more than any character on Sesame Street . I was disappointed that Grover nor Cookie Monster who were both on the cover were in film at all . Very misleading ! Also a bit heavy on kids talking and singing their favorite songs not as much characters and muppets as there should be . Not very entertaining as far as Sesame Street DVDs go . Better spending your money on another title .
 It 's annoying that the CD compilations called `` GOLD '' be so different in tone.For example , while the `` Supremes '' pretty good sound -LRB- in this case 3 original vinyl albums were played
 I can not believe that this imported product by Universal Music , that contains many of the most important recordings by the Four Tops would be ruined by poor digital re-mastering . The volume level for all of the tracks is low and the sound is thin and tinny . I own another Universal Motown GOLD SERIES box by Martha and the Vandellas and it is re-mastered at 24 bit and the sound is amazing . It is because of the Vandellas collection that I purchased this Four Tops set and instead of getting a real winner , I get a gigantic loser . It is so true that you ca n't judge a book by it 's cover . Now that I have spent my money on this CD I notice that all of the other Motown Gold series critiques on Amazon have 5 star ratings except for this one which has no ratings at all . Poor sound is the reason . Well , you now have my rating of 1 star .
 This is n't very good and I 'm bummed that I shelled out the extra money to buy an import copy of it . I was really taken with their previous album , XTRMNTR , and the one before that , Vanishing Point , but as others have said , this album just seems to be treading water . It does n't move their sound forward or challenge the listener . It does NOT sound like XTRMNTR , so save your money if that 's what you 're looking for . With all the talent and famous collaborators who put time in on this , I was sure expecting something more . If you must have this album , save your money and buy a used copy .
 The Chemical Brothers , Death in Vegas , David Holmes . All had albums featuring Bobby G on guest vocals . All those cameos sound like Evil Heat.Electro music as a genre has roughly 10 ` noises ' . You know , football clacker clicking noises , tinny metronomic percussion , hissy highhats . All have been embraced by the ` Scream , and boy do they sound dull.Weatherall may well have been a super producer , but listen to his ' 9 o'clock drop ' compilation to see where Evil Heat 's sound originates from . Or indeed , the Sabres remix of ` Stuka ' . Buy if you liked ` Bow Down to the Exit Sign ' by Holmes .
 I have been following the Primals from ` Screamadelica ' onwards . While ` Vanishing point ' had a cool ' 70 's road movie soundtrack feel to it , and ` XTRMNTR ' was more violent in it 's MC5 by way of ` Road Warrior the Movie ' vibe , ` Evil Heat ' finds Gillespie and Co. treading water and maybe even moving to the shallow side . Long gone are the happy euphoric danceability of their finest moment ` Sreamadelica ' . Even though that album 's mastermind Andrew Weatherall lends talent to this new outing that feeling is barely present . ` Miss Lucifer ' is an aggro industrial rant that shows some of the power of the groove that the ` Scream used to spit with regularity . Other tracks like ` Autobahn ' 66 ' could be spurted out by the most novice computer music-maker who has a jones for Kraftwerk . ` Rise ' is the overhauled version of their controversial ` Bomb the Pentagon ' they played live last summer . Anchored by a cool tribal native-American beat and Mani 's bass , the rest sounds thrown together . ` City ' appears here as it did on David Holmes ' Bow down to the exit sign ' , but it lacks the punch of that version . His scream at the intro is missing and it just sounds hurried through . Quit trying to be so punk in your recording . Your known for being more adventurous with your sound Bobby ! ` The lord is my shotgun ' has a cool guitar riff probably courtesy of Kevin Shields and some great harmonica by Robert Plant . Would pass as a great strippers tune in post-apocalyptic England . The best track on the album is ` Some velvet morning ' . This old Lee Hazelwood song is infused with a minimalist electro beat and a swinging bass line . Bobby duets with Kate Moss -LRB- of heroin-chic super-model fame -RRB- . And it makes you want to dance the seductive dance . The rest is all just either sub-par industrial-lite , poor kraftwerk-Neu impersonations , or half-thought out balladry . Buy the Singles , and hope that Bobby and Co. can give us a more consistent effort next time .
 What a mediocre and lackluster performance by the otherwise brilliant Scream 's . Their previous release XTRMNTR is very similar in it 's nature involving extreme feedback and loud retching , buzzing sounds . But these artistic endeavors were forgivable because there was some truly great hooks and lyrical content there . Not so with Evil Heat , a title that really describes this blow hard of an album . Most of the songs like `` Deep Hit Of Morning Sun '' `` Reverb '' and `` Lord Is My Shotgun '' feature grating , obnoxiously repetitive squeals and buzzing . The lyrics are pretty subpar , they sound like someone who listened to XTRMNTR or even Vanishing Point and made a lame copy . I wanted to like this album , really I did , their previous work is brilliant , their one of my favorite groups , but its just not here this time . Do n't think I 'm just looking for another Screamadelica either , I 'm all for bands exploring their sounds but for the people who rated this a 5 ... cmon ! It sounds like a bad hangover , I 'm really disappointed and I think most people are to but stay loyal to the admittably cool Gillespie .
 After hearing every mile a memory and kinda liking it and reading the reviews here at CDNOW I am very disappointed that I bought this cd . Dierks is just another generic country boy . I was hoping for something different from him , but alas , not . After one listen , not one song sticks to me except his hit , and that is n't very good . Do n't believe I 'll be buying anymore of this stuff .
 Dierks is OK , decent even , but he 's not progressing enough ... it 's more of the same . This is fine with many artists , but Dierks is not ALTERNATIVE enough , if at all . He 's tried to play both sides of the fence on his last 2 records ... mainstream and alt-country , and it 's getting old . Be one or the other , and it seems he 's leaning more on the mainstream side on this new album , which I do n't like . I HATE mainstream country , there 's no edge , no real ROCK & ROLL in it , and it 's tailormade for radio , and I ca n't stand mainstream country radio . On this record , it seems the label is trying to mold Dierks into being all mainstream . No way man , he blew it this time . He does n't have enough of an inner hunger or independent streak . If anything , one new country record out this week that blows this one away is Vince Gill 's new 4CD extravaganza of 43 NEW SONGS !!! Each disc focuses on a distinct style
 keith plays like a pig here - he practically wastes peacock and dejohnette , they are allowed nothing else than the opportunity to accompany jarrett 's yowling and over-indulgent right-hand lines . for some serious piano trio playing , check out mccoy tyner 's early albums for impulse , bill evans ' live at montreux , chick corea 's now he sings , now he sobs , anything by paul bley with gary peacock , or keith 's own first albums with charlie haden and paul motian
 Amazing jazz but would be much better without all the yowling -LRB- is he okay ? -RRB- . Because yowling seems to be part of the Keith Jarrett jazz experience this was my first and last Keith Jarrett purchase . Check out something by Bill Evans . Make the yowling stop ! Please !
 This cd is nice yes . but it was n't what I thought it was going to be . I would n't recomend this item .
 Concept albums seem to be either brilliant -LRB- like `` Them '' by King Diamond -RRB- or awful -LRB- like `` Music from the Elder '' by Kiss . -RRB- This one sad to say , is n't exactly brilliant . It 's easy to see why Geffen rejected this . It 's simply weak and was n't worth risking money to promote . A concept album is only as good as the songs are and the songwriting simply is n't there . The opener is a real yawner and sets the pace `` Do you beleive in religion '' which seems to be about televangelism . It 's been done already , many , many times . -LRB- `` Miracle Man '' by Ozzy and `` Send Me Your Money '' by Suicidal Tendencies were both far superior . -RRB- The generic tunes like `` Sooner or Later '' sound at best like an 80 's high school garage band trying to imitate Bon Jovi . It 's probably safe to say it was too soon in Nelson 's career to take such a departure . They are incredibly talented but musicians need a lot of time to mature to be able to write on that level . In all fairness , they probably had n't reached that depth yet . Stories are the hardest thing to write anyway , so at least they were brave enough to try . I would n't be surprised if they did a concept album in the future that was a bulls-eye . They are tremendous song-writers without a doubt . Maybe they should have gotten some more commercial hits under their belts first . Obviously Geffen was right because the album that Nelson released instead of this , `` Because They Can '' still remains their best by far . `` Life '' is also a fantastic album . Pick one of those up instead , unless you already own all of their other CDs .
 plain and simple I was disappointed in this album . no wonder the record label did n't want them to release it .
 If your voice is awful and your name is not Roger Waters ... please do n't sing ... ever ! : - -RRB-
 By now , you 've surely got the message
 I got all five solo efforts by the members of Yes in 1975-1976 , and the only good thing you can say about this one is that Alan White 's effort -LRB- Ramshackle -RRB- was worse.As the other reviewers note , Steve Howe simply ca n't sing , and I find his attempts unlistenable . Those of you accustomed to crystal clear vocals from Jon Anderson are in for quite a shock if you get this album.Steve 's guitar playing can also be pretentious , and this album lacks other band members to control those impulses . Do n't get me wrong - he 's a great guitar player . But I prefer good music to continuous displays of virtuosity . He seems to always being trying to say `` Hey , look how good I am '' , instead of just trying to make good , coherent , well-structured music.If you like Yes stuff from this period , and want to sample the solo efforts , try Chris Squire 's `` Fish Out of Water '' first . You 'll be glad you did .
 After Relayer was released , all the Yes members decided to release solo albums . Chris Squire 's Fish Out of Water and Steve Howe 's Beginnings were the first to come out . The Chris Squire album is said to be the best solo album from a Yes member -LRB- I had n't heard that one -RRB- . Then Jon Anderson released Olias of Sunhillow , Alan White released Ramshackled , and Patrick Moraz released `` i '' -LRB- aka `` The Story of i '' -RRB- . That 's the big reason why Yes released no albums between Relayer and Going For the One -LRB- except for the Yesterdays compilation -RRB- . Steve Howe 's Beginnings could 've been a great album . He 's credited to playing all different guitars , acoustic and electric . He has various Yes members helping , Patrick Moraz , Alan White , Bill Bruford , as well as members of the Raindance-era Gryphon -LRB- Gryphon did tour with Yes around the time Red Queen to Gryphon Three and Raindance were released -RRB- . Plus the album features some truly great Roger Dean cover artwork . But I 'm afraid to say what really ruins Beginnings is Steve Howe decided he should sing . I can only think of the likes of William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy 's attempt to `` sing '' more embarassing than what Steve Howe was trying to do . His singing really sticks out like a sore thumb . It 's weak , it 's nasal , he often had to use reverb to make up for his lack of vocal abilities . He should 've found someone who could actually sing to handle the vocals , or actually make the album all instrumental -LRB- Rick Wakeman had the sense to hire actual vocalists on his solo efforts , like Ashley Holt and ex-Wild Turkey member Garry Pickford-Hopkins , even if they were n't the most appealing vocalists , at least they could sing -RRB- . Beginnings shows that Steve Howe is quite a talented guitarist , but in the end , it 's really painful to have to hear him sing .
 Klaatu 's fourth -LRB- of five studio and two ` hits ' packages -RRB- album got away from them ... . literally . Capitol records offered them a chance to `` redeem '' themselves by allowing them to do it Capitol 's way . With their unappreciated genius steadily tanking their career , the band this time sent demos to their producer in L.A. , who recorded the basic backing tracks without the band , then later overdubbed or replaced much of the band 's contributions with session players . Indeed , it appears that drummer Terry Draper does n't actually play drums on the album.What emerged from the sessions was 1981 's `` endangered species , '' a generic-sounding 80 's pop that neither engaged , tantalized , nor salvaged their career . -LRB- It could have been a sad finish for perhaps the greatest `` prog-pop '' group ever , were it not for a lucky Canadian break . -RRB- New Producer Chris Bond deep-sixed their multi-layered , laborious , meticulous , clever M.O. , and replaced it with `` American '' - sounding songs designed for that all-important `` airplay . `` There are two geniune gems here
 I remember buying this album in anticipation that they would continue where `` Sir Army Suite '' left off . Unfortunately my hopes were dashed and found myself with a new frisbee . I tried listening to it a couple days later hoping that what I heard was a bad dream and that it would be something I could salvage ... only `` all good things '' was the only track that had an ounce of playability attached to that word.There so-called come back album or final epitah `` Magentalane '' would only confirm the bloom was off the rose and that Klaatu had nothing more in the tank or anything to offer .
 Klaatu had some real magic . At their best they were every bit as good and original as any group that has ever existed . Name any supergroup ... and that group will not have more innate talent . However , this album is like going to the generic aisle in a supermarket and picking up a box called `` Competently Played Pop Music -LRB- Soul Free . -RRB- '' It 's like eating tasteless food , or drinking flat soda , or making love with someone you really do n't love . Whoever brought this travesty about is evil - and it was NOT Klaatu . Do yourself a favor and skip this one . You have four other albums of genuine wonder and magic , and that 's more than most bands ever create . Do whatever you can to get Magentalane - If you love Klaatu , you will listen to it many times .
 With the exception of the first track , I Ca n't Help It , there is absolutely nothing worthwhile on here . It sounds like they phoned it in on this one . It must have been a contractual obligation record and is actually a painful listen . All you need to play is the track Sell Out , Sell Out and you 'll catch on . Sell out , Sell Out ... says it all .
 This is a boring song , but on top of that she is meant to be an Australian but ` sings ' with a Irish or Scottish sounding accent . Why ???????
 I like this band alot . . At least I used to . This album is boring , musically and lyrically . Gone are the days of well written songs , this seems more likely to be heard on the radio than the older materials . That 's fine if that 's what you 're into , but I was hoping for more than just simple pop songs . I fell in love with this bands emotion and power , which was displayed with interesting music . The songs on this album are cookie cutter , Bland writing with bland singing . There are a few good songs , but in general this is not worth owning .
 What separates this band from Evanescence -LRB- besides geography-these guys are from Slovenia -RRB- is mainly the structural song arrangements , the inclusion of a violin , and a few industrial/progressive/gothic parts . Otherwise , you 'd swear this is Evanescence 's experimental follow-up album . But in the end this is Melodic Hard Rock with many catchy hooks/choruses and songs that could easily be played on the radio . The role of the violin here is just as vital as the role of a guitar , dominating throughout the record and enhancing the music . Without it , this record would probably be extremely unoriginal . Basic , yet energetic female vocals keep the flow of the music listenable . There are some brilliant musical passages like in the song `` Shut Up '' -LRB- 1:46 -2:14 -RRB- , as well as silly male verbal chants -LRB- like on `` Blah Blah '' 2:56 -3:10 -RRB- , but overall the harmlessness and accessibility of the material is enough to satisfy the open-minded ear .
 Had the artists of this CD been listed on the website , I would not have bought it . To be honest , out of the 20 songs on the CD , I only purchased it for `` Just an Illusion '' by Imagination and what I thought was `` Young Hearts Run Free '' by Candi Staten . I 've been looking for the two everywhere ... Oh it has the song but it 's not by Candi ! It 's by someone I 've never heard of ... I 'm very disappointed ... then I decided to give it a try ... IT WAS HORRIBLE !!!
 If you think that you will find more stereo and less rechanneling here ... guess again.This has the same stereo cuts -LRB- Gloria/One Two Brown Eyes/Here Comes The Night/I Gave My Love A Diamond/Go On Home Baby/My Little BabyIf You And I Could Be As Two/I 'm Gon na Dress In Black/One More Time/Hald As Much and the alternate of Richard Cory -RRB- . It also has tons of grungy rechanneled cuts -LRB- Little Girl/Mystic Eyes/Don ' t Look Back/I Like It Like That and Route 66 with the same crappy rechanneled sound and the non-original percussion added over the bassier track , as well as Something You Got , Turn On Your Love Light , Times Getting Toucher Than Tough , Stormy Monday , Friday 's Child , My Lonely Sad Eyes , I Can Only Give You Everything , and Could You Would You , which are lousy sounding tracks from the US distorted fake stereo `` Then Again '' and from the rare Dutch demo EP . -RRB- In my opinion , this is a total waste of your money ... unless you never bought the `` Story Of Them '' 2-CD set ... which is basically the same thing!I ca n't believe that the folks at Decca/Universal believe that these are the best sounding Them tapes possible . Did they erase the mono tapes of the above rechanneled ones ? God , I hope not .
 Maybe this is one of those albums that gets better over time after you have listened to it for a few times . I 've tried , I 've really tried.I am a big Palace fan since I first heard `` New Partner '' on the radio and have collected a lot of Oldham 's music since . This is my least favorite album . None of the songs stick , the melody 's are not outspoken and the lyrics are not the best he has ever done . Of course there are some songs that are not bad like ` Bolden Boke Boy ' but the overal tone of the album is just not that good.However , having read the other reviews , I 'll try to listen to it a little more and maybe I will change my mind , in that case you will hear from me with a new revies .
 I love everything else he 's done but this album has always seemed LACKING to me . It 's got a few great songs but a lot of it seems RUSHED , a bit too jokey and loose , and the lyrics are definitely sub-par compared to ARISE THEREFORE .
 Good God this is a bloody awful album ! This was Paul trying to `` punk '' up his image after Goodnight Tonight in 1979 but he fails miserably . The lyrics are awful . His Baby 's Request is typical of Macca 's love for pseudo-1930 's English nostalgia . Arrow Through Me and Denny Laine 's patronizing Again and Again and Again -LRB- `` you do n't want to be the little woman ... '' - please ! -RRB- are bore you to the point of suicide . His hiring every rock dinosaur alive in '79 to play on Rockestra is Macca embarking on another huge ego trip And just what the heck is the band looking at on the cover?On the original vinyl album side A was Sunny Side Up and side B was Over Easy -- get it ? That seemed to be closest to originality and wit this album ever got . But with the CD version on one disk , even that was lost . Best track - Spin it On . Thank God he got arrested for pot soon after this was released -- after this mess , he desperately needed an image change .
 Wings specialty was the blandly innocuous ; the band was basically the Huey Lewis of the seventies , but without the sense of dumb fun . On this album , McCartney makes some stabs at Hard Rock , this makes it worse than the average Wings album , is it the worst one ever ? Perhaps , then again , who cares ?
 Paul tried to get a hard , rocking sound . But it sounds too deliberate an attempt . A few good , catchy , `` McCartney '' hooks but all-in-all , not his best solo work . One of his worst , in fact .
 Disco was finally being phased out -LRB- thankfully -RRB- and rock was fading back in . It was sure nice to see so many artists , including Paul McCartney return to that `` old fashioned rock and roll '' ... . . well , maybe.Paul was getting older and his singing voice was just not up to par for this job . `` Back to the Egg '' proves that Paul probably should have stayed with slow music such as that on `` London Town '' . On `` London Town '' Paul soars with the eagles . On `` Back to the Egg '' he `` lays an egg '' with the turkeys.On songs such as `` Old Siam Sir '' his voice cracked so much I thought the walls would crack . You might say McCartney `` scrambles the egg '' . On `` Winter Rose '' I thought he had laryngitis . I feared I was listening to `` Wild Life '' -LRB- Paul 's worst album of the worst -RRB- all over again on some of these songs . `` London Town '' had such meaningful lyrics . The listener can almost feel as though he were actually in London on a vacation . On the song `` Spin it On '' we get lyrics like `` off to the flicks with a piddle in her nix '' . God only know WHERE the listener might think he 's at when he listens to THIS song . . But wait ! Compared to `` Wild Life '' there are some saving graces on this album . `` Getting Closer '' was n't too terrible . It was a good hit song . `` Arrow Through Me '' was a good disco song . The best of the original tracks was . . not Paul 's material ... but Denny Lane 's . Denny Lane did a very fine job on `` Again and Again and Again '' . The best track of all is one of the bonus tracks which was not on the original album . `` Wonderful Christmastime '' is played year after year on the radio at Christmas and it is truly a work of art . Unfortunately it does n't appear to be available anywhere else but on this album . What is such a wonderful song like `` Wonderful Christmastime '' doing on an album like `` Back to the Egg '' ? . . . not a good mixture for an omelet.I 'll give `` Back to the Egg '' two stars instead of the one I gave `` Wild Life '' . Paul does n't COMPLETELY have the egg on his face . The album is definitely `` sunny side up '' compared to the egg layed that was `` Wild Life '' .
 Do n't believe the McCartney/Beatle fanatics that have conspired here with glowing reviews and set the rating for this one at 4 & 1/2 stars . Let 's be honest here folks - this one is pretty bad . The music Paul came up with for this one is stuff that sounds like it was written all in one day . And the performances are pretty lackluster too . The only stand out track for me is `` Old Siam Sir '' and consequently sounds out of place between the other half baked rock tunes and ballads . `` Getting Closer '' is a lame pop tune that was chosen as a single . `` Arrow Thru Me '' is a quasi-disco pop tune which makes me queasy and reminds me too much of `` Silly Love Songs '' . Yuck ! Real sickening cheesy late '70s bubblegum nonsense . `` Spin It On '' & `` To You '' attempt to show that Paul can still rock but they 're sloppily played and Paul gives one of his all time worst vocals on `` To You '' , which is possibly the worst cut on this really insipid album . Paul enlists some all-star help on `` Rockestra Theme '' in which Dave Gilmour , Pete Townsend , John Bonham , Kenny Jones , Ronnie Lane , John Paul Jones and many others along with the rest of Wings bash out the same incessant lame riff over & over ad infinitum . It 's a bit of a puzzler to me , with all that talent in the room and this is the best he could come up with ? The only other bright spots on the record is the Denny Laine tune `` Again & Again '' a mid-tempo rocker with some nice twangy guitar fills and good vocals by Denny . `` Love Awake '' would have been better off on it 's own without the `` Winter Rose '' intro . It 's not a great song by any means but I 'm really struggling to find something or anything good here . On the whole , this sounded like a rush job by Paul to get a new record out and feed his massive ego . He usually finds good musicians to back him but this version of Wings seemed hastily put together . They never really seem to jell and Laurence Juber is n't much of a lead guitarist . Never mind Linda 's keyboard playing and horrid backing vocals . Needless to say , she doesnt help . If she wanted to help she should have stayed in the kitchen , or in the photo studio where her true talents were . Amazingly this one by a former Beatle , and it 's not even his worst . `` Press to Play '' anyone ? `` Pipes of Peace '' , `` Wild Life '' , `` Give My Regards to Broad Street '' ? On 2nd thought , `` Wild Life '' is better than this .
 Well , I 'll basiclly sum it up like this ... George Michael 's cousin wanted to make a CD ; so , in 1987 , George let him borrow some of the musicians that performed on the `` Faith '' CD/Record/Tape to play on this `` stunning '' debut . Ironically , the only song to `` Make It Big '' -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , was the one where George did a guest vocal appearance . Track 2 , `` Jive Talkin ' '' , is , as a matter of fact , a very well done cover of the BeeGee 's classic disco hit . This track reached the top 10 on the BBC charts ; strangely enough however , this song was never released over on our side of the pond . Two New York radio stations , Z100 , played it once in 1987 or 1988 , and then again on WPLJ around 1995 ; otherwise I 've never heard it since . To sum up , this CD is quite dull . That 's all I have to say on this topic ... farewell .
 ... is really a terrific lead vocal performance on `` Jive Talkin ' '' ... the rest of this recording is pure jive turkey .
 Up through `` The Ridah '' , Spice was still doing suprisingly well.On this album , he completely lost his focus.Almost the entire cd is garbage.Britney Spears could write a better song than `` Candy '' or `` Character '' , both of which are unoriginal ideas and just plain stupid lyrically . `` Candy '' is a powder puff version of `` 187 Proof/Pure '' and or `` Trigga Happy '' which all three were bangin tracks.However there only a certain amount of times you can use items to tell a story before it straight gets old/stupid and this is definately STUPID.As for `` Character '' , Spice uses about every cartoon character imaginable to describe himself and the wannabes in the game and its just too much -LRB- played out already -RRB- , thus putting this song in the STUPID category as well.Which pretty much sums up this cd because other than `` Thugg in Me '' -LRB- Talk about unoriginal -RRB- but actually the best track on here ; `` Fake Ass Gangsters '' is kinda catchy and `` Da Ghetto '' ; this album would be better as a frisbee.Just dont go buy it first , use a friends or something .
 While I do appreciate the performing skill of American Brass Band , I have to say that the quanlity of CD one of the worst I have ever seen . Noise -LRB- probably generated at recording process -RRB- almost overwhelms the music . There is no way you can possibly appreciate a CD like that . It is -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- , but still not worth it .
 If you have ever heard the version by Shakespear 's Sister , you 'd realize how much injustice the version brought to the song . Complete thumbs down !
 Discovered The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets by accident via some soundtracks on a game preview at by kerberos-productions , like the music but disappointed in Amazon . Placed my original order for Spaceship Zero and Cthulhu Strikes Back on 5-14-06 and still do n't have either as of 7-1-06 .
 My friends told me about them and I was exited to hear the bands new album . But when I got it home and listened I could n't tell one song from anouther . It seemed to me that they were trying too hard to be a unique band , and they stick to a sound again and again and again . My advise is if you want original and new go pick up something by TOOL or Slipknot , this band is a flash in the pan .
 Just to let you know , this does not sound like Killswitch Engage or As I Lay Dying . It Dies Today was a brutal metalcore band and they had a unique sound to them . Now , the singer has lost all the brutality in is voice . And without that brutality , this album has nothing to let itself stick out . I honestly enjoyed the first two song a little bit . But then , it got boring . There were no masterful bridges or really butt-kicking guitar riffs . `` Bridges Left Burning '' is my favorite song from them because it has one of the best endings I have ever heard in a song . This new album has absolutely nothing like that . It 's become formulaic and that 's why it 's boring.I honestly do n't understand what happened . I really enjoyed `` The Caitiff Choir . '' Now , I can take change in music . I understand completely if they change their style a little bit . But they just lost everything I loved about It Dies Today in this album .
 This band used to be exactly what I was looking for ; amazing riffs , brutal breakdowns , and heartfelt lyrics . Now , all I see is a band just trying to cash in on what used to be an underground scene . Too many bands -LRB- Atreyu , All That Remains , Eighteen Visions ... -RRB- are taking hardcore to the mainstream , but that is not a good thing ! I used to love what hardcore was about , and I would n't mind the change if it was n't so crappy ! All I see in this cd is a once great band 's sad attempt to gain control over a dying scene . If you want my advice , do n't waste your time or money on this radio-friendly opus . It makes me sad , thinking about how many people think this is real metalcore . Wake up people ! Pop-core is taking over , and most people ca n't tell the difference between the two !
 I do n't understand why they made this , they used to have such a great albeit , ripped-off-from-but-more-emo-than-Killswitch Engage-sound . They were actually pretty good sounding . Now they sound like all the other metalcore garbage . Sadly , this once proud genre is rapidly decaying . It is now filled with unoriginal bands that lack the brutality , feeling , and skill that once characterized Metalcore . After the falls and/or sellingouts of Bleeding Through , Shadows Fall , Lamb of God , Eighteen Visions and As I Lay Dying , I was in serious doubt about the future of Metalcore . I will admit that Walls of Jericho , Throwdown , and Unearth -LRB- though slighly crippled -RRB- give me some slight hope . I have not heard Caliban 's new work , though . I am hoping that Killswitch does not fail ... Anyway , I will also admit that I am slightly biased as I am primarily a Death , Doom , Black , and Thrash metal guy ; I am not so much a fan of Hardcore/Emo/Punk . If you still want to get this alblum , be my guest , but do n't say that I did n't warn you ...
 terrible cd , it dies today have completely changed their image and sound , dont waste your money . if you absolutely have to have it , download it and if you still feel like supporting them then buy forever scorned but otherwise , screw this band .
 It 's rather sad that a once great band has taken a path -LRB- a.k.a. label -RRB- that directed them into a sinking trap . I actually enjoyed `` The Catiff Choir '' in smaller doses , even though it brought nothing new to metalcore . `` Sirens '' brings absolutely nothing new to the table , and the band is yet again spiraling into the generic path . Well , they basically ditched the sound that they brought us promise with our `` Forever Scorned '' EP , and decided to add more poppy nasally vocals and try to fit into the Bullet For My Valentine/Avenged Sevenfold/Atreyu category . And I honestly do n't approve of it . This is not what metalcore is intended to be.If you want a solid , original , listenable and enjoyable metalcore release , forget this . Try Parkway Drive , Endthisday , Misery Signals and Prayer For Cleansing instead . Or go for their `` Forever Scorned '' EP and reminscence about the death of a once great band that has been dramatically made over by Trustkill -LRB- just like Bleeding Through , Eighteen Visions , Throwdown , and so forth -RRB- .
 Johnnie Taylor sounds alright on this , but the band is terrible . Out-of-tune , missing cues , and generally screwing up what should be a good CD . And you can hear Johnnie get madder and madder until , by the end , it sounds like he 's glad it 's over with . I have to imagine the reason this was not released back in the day the was that the band is embarrassingly bad . I feel bad for Johnnie Taylor listening to this . Five stars , y' all ? Are we listening to the same CD ?
 I have been an Alabama fan for years . This CD is a huge disappointment . Most songs seem to all have the same rhythm and there is a total absence of dynamics . There is no excitement to the songs and the voices sound tired . The accompaniment is thin , at best . Their adaptation of `` Precious Memories '' is a travesty-dull , dull , dull .
 Doug 's spin-off band is dreadful , but I still have respect for the man . I just wish he was putting his talent to work in the original Oingo Boingo lineup once again ! Danny , we 're begging you !
 When the cast of We Are The World and the band members of Journey had illegitimate children they named them Doug and the Mystics . Doug and the Mysics successfully create Prozaic induced songs about what seem to be important issues . Later these songs proove to have no real central concept or meaning .
 Basically , here 's the thing - the first 12 tracks are hard to find , vintage buddy holly , and showcase his early country roots . These are n't the best quality , but they 're absolutely essential to any serious Buddy Holly collection . Now , that being said , i found the latter 10 tracks to range from `` okay '' to `` tremendously awful '' . Not any fault of Holly himself - the problem here is POINTLESS AND ANNOYING OVERDUBS . What you 're hearing is n't Buddy Holly as he sounded , but someone else 's idea of what he SHOULD have sounded like . Tracks like `` Love Is Strange '' and `` You 're The One '' are almost COMPLETELY RUINED by obnoxious and out-rightly GOOFY sounding strings overdubs , while `` Slippin ' And Slidin '' and `` Smokey Joe 's Cafe '' suffer from horribly un-authentic sounding backing tracks . They would have done MUCH better by simply presenting Buddy 's original recordings as they were , without the hideous and gaudy additions of newer musical arrangements placed ON TOP of the original , un-marred performances . Frankly , I would sooner recommend searching out a bootleg recording rather than see anyone pay good money for a DOCTORED Buddy Holly album . Pretty disappointing .
 My husband bought this CD for me during a recent visit to the UK , and I do n't like it . I 'm a Buddy Holly fan , but sound quality is poor , and it does n't compare to his later recordings in terms of arrangements and singing style . Not my cup of tea .
 There have been more than dozen productions of this piece made available on LP/tape/CD . Which one is this ?? If it 's the most recent London revival , it 's lame . If it 's the New York original cast with Elly Stone , it 's priceless.What have we here ??
 Thankfully I only paid -LSB- money -RSB- for this cd single . The original edit is the only decent version on the cd and that only goes for 4 minutes . Why do they pay dj 's to remix these songs when the remixes are awful and the original in infinitely better . I think dj 's have stopped trying and just put out any rubbish for cd fillers . My advice would be do n't buy this until you have listened to it first .
 If you already own `` An Evening with John Denver '' -LRB- five star album -RRB- then you do n't need this one ! The same program -LRB- exactly -RRB- has been repackaged with a new title and cover ... less the two best songs ! `` Boy From The Country '' and `` Today '' ... the original is fabulous but why do it again ?!?!?
 I want to write a short and sweet review that I wish existed when I bought this.Unfortunately , the music on this box set has been No-Noised and the bass has been boosted to occasionally clipping levels . Stay away.The release of this concert that I can recommend can be foundhere.Thank you .
 I ordered this album , but it never came . Beware of third party sellers , because they can be shifty . I certainly wish I could give you a review of this album , but unfortunately I NEVER GOT IT !!
 While the sound quality on these disks is excellent , be aware that app . 50 % of the tunes are not the originals . Shout Factory should be ashamed , duping customers like this . Rhino Records would never pull such a stunt . Go for the 4-disk Rhino box set -LRB- Vol . One -RRB- instead . You can find many high quality used versions for sale all over the web , too .
 Sound quality of the discs is poor . Seems like nothing is done to improve the audio quality of the old recordings with modern digital processing techniques .
 This is not the only collection you will ever need . For about the same price you can get Rhino 's `` The Doo Wop Box # 1 `` used and to really extend your collection Box # 2 is a must -LRB- forget about # 3 as things start getting sloppy -RRB- . Someone at `` Shout Factory '' was not doing his or her homework when they set the wrong artist with certain songs , mayby they thought no one would no the difference after it was proof read . Sorry - they made a big mistake and I wo n't make the mistake of buying this half-baked set ! `` Enjoy '' JFK
 Some of the songs were NOT from the performers that made them the classic hits . Had I known ; I ewould NOT have ordered it .
 it is not true that this is the only doowop collection you 'll ever need . there is SO MUCH MORE to doowop and this doesnt show it .
 I was hoping the songs were the original recordings by the original artists . Little Darlin is not the hit recording by the Diamonds . I do n't know which group is singing but it 's the wrong one . Disappointing .
 I bought this compilation because it 's filled with so many great songs . It even has some of Smokey 's solo tunes . I am however disappointed with the `` remastering '' of a couple of key tracks on the first disk . Both Oh Baby Baby and The Tracks of My Tears sound terrible on this compilation . I 'm sure there is some high quality recordings of these two songs out there . If audio quality is important to you pass on this particular comp .
 I was looking for something with progressive relaxation . The script of this cd basically tells you to go to sleep over and over again , more annoying than relaxing .
 I 've used several relaxation cd 's , and this came nowhere close to meeting my expectations . The woman 's voice is not unlike listening to a Saturday Night Live skit . If I can get past her voice and to the music , I have a fighting chance at sleep .
 We did n't like it.The seller was great , got it to us ASAP .
 This sleep CD resembles some other guided imagery CDs I own , but this one is rather generic and nothing special . For example , I could imagine myself making up a meditation like this quite easily . The entire meditation lasts only 17 minutes , followed by 17 minutes of music . Mary Maddox does n't have a lot to say -- just ordinary things like , `` breeeeth deeeeply , in and out ... '' . Personally , I do n't enjoy her voice , either ; it 's too syrupy and sing-songy for me , and it irritates me when she draws words out so much . This is my opinion and my experience . I am glad that others have had success with this ; but I ca n't write a fake review just to get votes . It may help you make your decision if you are a hard-core insomniac . I do like some guided imagery CDs , for example , those by Bellaruth Naperstak . I 'll be trying more CDs from amazon , and posting reviews about my experiences with them .
 OK but not great . The female voice is not very soothing . I recommend Susie Mantell 's Your Present ; I believe it is far more effective .
 I found Mary 's voice hard to listen to . It was too shaky to keep my focused on relaxing . I can no longer listen to the CD . I would not recommend this CD to anyone .
 I love the idea of an unplugged paul gilbert . It was great , but we listen to gilbert for more his guitar playing , not his singing .
 Let 's set it out right from the start
 Daft Punk are a great electronic group who have taken their influences and combined them into some truly trend-setting albums . Though , if you subtract the live albums , the bootlegs , Daft Club * shudder * , and the anime movie . . all you 've got is three studio albums . Just three . And the first two are full masterpieces , while Human After All is more or less tolerable depending on the listener . Definitely more of a Kraftwerk and Lou Reed 's `` Metal Machine Music '' influence than the other two LPs.Anyway , you 're looking at 30 + tracks they 've produced that are more than worth owning . . yet they feel the need for a compilation album ? Hopefully it was n't their idea , probably some greedy music execs who realized they could n't ride out the fumes of Discovery for much longer . Still , I would n't even suggest this cd for Daft Punk newbies as they 'd have more fun overall with Discovery . I mean , heck , Face to Face is n't even on here and that 's probably their greatest song ever ! They could have easily switched Face to Face out with Something About Us since the latter is n't the greatest track.You owe it to Daft Punk , and yourself , to just buy their three proper albums , decide which songs you like or not , and make your own compilation . It 's easy enough to buy the ` rare ' tracks later on off of itunes if you really feel the need to further butcher the idea that compact discs and Vinyl are outdated . -LRB- I 'll never give up my CD 's NEVER ! -RRB- 5 stars for -LRB- most of the music -RRB- , 2 stars for the rest of the music and the crappy attempt at cashing in which I 'm sure worked .
 This DVD takes what was really a wonderful tour and hatchets it up into so many pieces the viewer is never allowed to sit back and enjoy a concert . Every song is followed with 3-5 minutes of hijinx , fawning celebrity interviews , or spaced out ramblings from Brian himself . To make matters worse , the song selection features just about every number Brian covered that was originally sung by Mike Love , ignoring many of the gems Brian performed that he actually originated as lead vocalist . If you saw this tour , this mess of a DVD is a real disapointment .
 I was greatly disappointed to find that I ca n't share this video with all company to my house , especially the kiddies , due to the occasional profanity . Brian Wilson uses the F word once as does Ronnie Spector , and Brian uses `` Go ## ammit '' once . I think Brian uses bad judgement to include the profanity on this DVD , as I really doubt if the use of profanity is going to add to anyone 's impression of him or his DVD , but the profanity and R rating will exclude it from being marketed in the WalMart stores , so he loses a potentially big market there.But the performances and sound are awesome . Brian adds more vocal harmonies and really takes his songs to another level , its just mind blowing . I wish I could get just the songs on CD for when I 'm driving .
 This CD includes two of Elvis ' movie soundtracks from 1965 , Harum Scarum -LRB- aka Harem Holiday -RRB- and Girl Happy . While both soundtracks reached the top 10 on the US album charts and Girl Happy was certified GOLD , they are not particularly strong albums . This set is recommended only for avid Elvis fans .
 This cd is a major knock-off in comparison to `` My Way '' . This cd does not capture the vocal ability of Usher , and it sounds like cross between a drunk Micheal Jackson , Tevin Campbell and a cheap immitation of NSYNC . Basically this cd sounds like a fool for real . The only reason I give this cd a one is because it is the minimum . If I had my way I would give it a -2 . Do n't waste your money , instead buy Alicia Keys or India Arie . You 'll be glad you did , at least I am .
 What the hell ? What is it with everyone saying N ***** ? It does not look good , it 's vulgar , and offensive . I hope that artists stop saying it . I do n't think that Usher needs to use that word to make good music .
 I ordered this cd Dec 8th 2009 and have not recieved this at all , the seller is at fault and I 'll never buy from them again !!!! VSH
 This is the most boring music i have ever heard , even more boring than Craig David ! If you like an rich , dancing dude with pope ` s hat , well allright but if not : STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Usher is so amazing , his love songs go straight to the heart . Most people do n't know this , but he has total artistic control over everything he does , so you can rest assured that he has created this album very carefully to represent the truest musical vision possible . 8701 is an amazing title for an album too , I 'm sure it has some sort of really deep and important meaning so you should probably buy it just for that.Also , I really love how he uses the letter `` U '' to substitue for the word `` You '' . I have never seen that in slow R&B ; love songs before , it shows Usher 's commitment to innovation . He uses that U in 8 of the songs on this album and it really makes things personal , like he 's talking personally to me.The third track on here is amazing , especially because it features P Diddy . For those of you who do n't know , P Diddy is the alias of Puff Daddy , or Sean `` Puffy '' Combs , one of the hottest producers around today.Basically , Usher has such a wonderful voice and is such a unique , innovative musician that whether you are a guy or a girl you wo n't be able to help being won over by songs such as `` U Remind Me '' and `` U R the One '' Lastly , songs like `` Hottest Thin '' proves for once and for all that Usher is n't your standard shallow guy . And `` Good Ole Ghetto '' is a hard-hitting song in which Usher talks about how he had to fight so hard to escape the poverty he has always known , yes he 's a thug at heart because he 's from the worst ghetto in the country just so you all know . And unlike wannabes like Dr. Dre , he never had to resort to naughty words to make it big either . I can only wait to see how Usher will continue to revolutionize music in the future .
 that this cute little guy by the name of Usher who came out with the awesome `` My Way '' would grow up to be an arrogant womanizer with about as much originality as Britney Spears . Grow up Usher . Be a man . You either have the talent/personality / and originality or you do n't . Leave r & b and go be one of Brit 's back up dancers .
 usher needs to learn how to spell the word ` you '
 I bought Usher 's 8701 on tape long ago , and I remember liking it . Then a couple of years ago , I bought it again on cd , listened to it , and wondered why I wasted my money.Maybe it 's the fact that I 've grown , but this album sounds so un-soulful now . It is just lacking any spirit , sort of like an over-produced record
 this dualdisc contains NO ENHANCED AUDIO , the dvd and cd layers are the same .
 wow.what a legend.You know , I never gave this guy enough credit.I just planted him behind one of the many talentless , uninspred singers polluting our airwaves.What can I say , I was wrong.This album is the definition of musical artistry.With songs like good ol' ghetto , the hottest thing , u remand me , and many more , usher plants himself far away from his peers , and builds his own musical ground.His voice is soulful , and rich , rivaling idols such as stevie wonder and miles davis , a voice kind of like a mix between the two legends.But do n't worry.This guy is a legend waiting to happen.And the way he approaches such an overplayed subject matter with such a freshness and raw emotion is something to wonder.Also , the way he use u to substituite the word you.I really like that.It 's totally unique , and kind of makes his lyrics all the more personal and romantic.Also , I really respect him for taking up the time to think of such a deep and complex title.Even though many people do n't know what it may mean , to those who do it 's all the more special.This album is an imprint of an incredible musician named usher.This is his masterpiece , his soul , his life , and you 're lucky enough he gets to share it with you.Oh , and he 's really hot too .
 When I first heard the song '' U remind me '' on the radio I went and bought the CD . The CD is a waste of time and money . First of all the songs are really really boring . And to top it all he ca n't sing !! I think Usher should hire new writers and should learn how to sing . His songs are tacky and meanigless , plus his videos are really dumb . I advise you NOT to buy this album , instead go and check out the new Jessica Simpson album '' Irrsistible '' . Now that is music !
 This CD is 2.5 stars actually . Anyway , I was VERY dissapointed at this CD ! I listened to the 30 second sound clips and thought ` Hey , what a great album ' but when I went to Wal-Mart , got it , and then listened to it , I thought ` blah ' . Usher sounds like Eminem ! -LRB- Not a compliment by the way -RRB- His music is just ... blah . The only good parts of the songs are in the middle but by then you are SO frustrated by the beginning of the song , you already skipped the song . I wish I could return this CD and get my money back but sadly , I ca n't . Ugh .
 I CANT BEGIN TO TELL YOU HOW MUCH I HATE THIS CD.USHER NEED TO PUT THE MIC DOWN AND NOW.THE SONGS HAVE NO MEANING.AND YOU CANT UNDERSTAND A WORD HE SAYS.HERES ALLITTLE ADVICE TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO BUY THIS ALBUM
 I usually love Usher . 3 of his songs were good -LRB- U got it Bad , U Remind Me , and I Do n't Know -RRB- but I 've heard those 3 songs a thousand times and I did n't feel like listening to them again . I got this for Christmas and yes I did suffer through the whole cd , trying to keep and open mind but the rest of the CD was bad . Now I remember why I stopped buying cds .
 This album is a fraud - this is not Remedy . Remedy is the greatest rap singer of our time . He performs with members of the Wu Tang Clan and would vomit if he knew that this type of music was going out over his name . Napster snapster , this is a bigger crime . Remedy makes his own beats WRITES all his own words and they mean something . Remedy better get a lawyer , both the real one and the fake one .
 This is not a wu album , but for those of you looking for some instrumental work by `` Remedy , '' in this case a non wu-tang clan member , pick it up .
 A pop trio from London , Baxendale worship at the feet of Pulp and Pet Shop Boys . Their debut , You Will Have Your Revenge , opens with its highlight track , `` Music for Girls '' , which doubles as an ironic statement of purpose
 There 's a fine line between the embodiment of beauty and the chocolate box . The higher the stakes , the more unpalatable the pale charicture reveals itself to be . This album is far from Damon & Naomi 's earlier incandescent incarnation as `` Pierre Etoile '' and the results are disappointing . It 's a rather cloying and saccharine set of takes on the `` sweet tune '' with old-school instrumentation that seeks to contrive wholesomeness but ultimately basks in naivit&eacute; . There are slightly more engrossing tracks towards the end , but listening to Big Star 's original version of `` Blue Moon '' on the heels of Damon & Naomi 's neutered cover will highlight just how lacking this whole project is .
 comes these bozos -LRB- just look at the picture of Damon -- he IS bozo ! -RRB- -- boy this band is terrible . very bad Renaissance music vibe . stupid lyrics . no real melodies . avoid avoid avoid -- danger , Will Robinson .
 I took the gamble and purchased this CD because of some of the positive reviews that it was given . I 'd never heard of Morphine but it felt like it was a worthy risk . I got ta admit I was disappointed . I just could n't find much substance in the lyrical or instrumental composition . I listened to it many times hoping that I might discover some subtle appeal , but nuttin ... I found it empty and boring .
 Considering the musicians who made it , this album is far below average.The Rolling Stones have brought us so many hits over the years , ranging in musical styles and genres . Unfortunately , `` A Bigger Bang '' does not provide anything new . Just tired old formula.Even the songs that come close to providing a new inspirational twist -LRB- `` Rough Justice '' , `` Oh No , Not You Again '' , `` Streets of Love '' and `` Rain Fall Down '' -RRB- are ultimately taken right out of the band 's playbook . Paint by numbers.There seems to be a disregard for the short-term memories of Stones fans . `` Have n't we heard this one before ? `` There are no artistic advancements here , nor statements to speak of , aside from the politically bitting `` Sweet Neo Con '' . Jagger sings about the corporate and tyrannical nature of the GOP , which for this reviewer , is appreciated . Although , in his own way , Mick has become a part of the establishment himself . He 's now a knight for God 's sake . Sir Mick Jagger ? So much for the bad boys of yesterday.I 've been a huge Stones fan since I was 15 years old , so it pains me to write this review . I would like to think that there is still a great edgy band buried deep down in their collective consciousness . The Stones are good at what they do , so it probably it did n't take much to put this album together , but thats not a good thing . The Stones are just sleepwalking through their albums these days , putting most of their focus into merchandising and compilations , including the awful new `` Rarities '' collection , which curiously features many -LRB- not so -RRB- rare tracks , and liner notes which include a laundry list of factual errors ... AND ... the worst part ... a cover photo from 1978 that digitally erases then bassist Bill Wyman . ?????!!!! The Rolling Stones seem creatively dead in the water . Time is no longer on their side . Unless something changes in the future , we can expect their shows and their albums to become increasingly conservative , safe and predictable . Indeed , they have replaced their musical integrity and their artistic power with a retirement program . Its very sad for me as a fan to see it happen . Attending a Stones show is now more like going to the mall or the circus than going to a rock show . ` Tired Old Formula ' gets them what they want and what they need . `` A Bigger Bang '' ? Actually , a bigger bang would have been nice .
 I love keith Richards but it 's clear he ran out of new and/or clever , innovative ideas quite some time ago . Mick , too . This album has little edge , skill , or ambition to it . Even Mick 's lyrics are lacking . It may have been great to have Mick Taylor come back and try to re-ignite the old , old flame of decades ago . I was afraid this was going to happen with this album ... and it did . Another album similar to `` Stripped '' might be good -LRB- w / classic non-Stones cover tunes -RRB- . Sorry .
 Go buy '' Bridges '' , '' Steel Wheels '' and avoid the God Awful '' Voodoo Lounge '' and do n't waste your time with this rehash of '' Bridges '' '' Steel Wheels '' and the God Awful '' Voodoo Lounge ''
 Wow !!! How could anyone love a horrible band like THE ROLLING STONES ???????????? Their newest album that just came out is puregarbage with 16 really lousy , lame , stupid , and overrated songsand bad lyrics . They only made two good songs in Start Me Up andShattered . Other than that , their music plain sucks , and boring.Don ' t ever buy this album , or THROW YOUR COPY IN THE GARBAGE andget these albums insted . There are several really good ones.GREATEST HITS-GUNS N ' ROSESON EVERY STREET-DIRE STRAITSLOVE OVER GOLD-DIRE STRAITS4-FOREIGNERNEVERMIND-NIRVANAMAKING MOVIES-DIRE STRAITSWHO 'S NEXT-THE WHOWARNING-GREEN DAYAMERICAN IDIOT-GREEN DAYBROTHERS IN ARMS-DIRE STRAITSDEBUT-DIRE STRAITSOH YEAH ! ULTIMATE AEROSMITH HITS-AEROSMITHBORN IN THE USA-BRUCE SPRINGSTEENGREATEST HITS-NEIL YOUNGGREATEST HITS LITTLE DID HE KNOW-JOE WALSHFOOL FOR THE CITY-FOGHATCOMMUNIQUE-DIRE STRAITSON THE NIGHT-DIRE STRAITSPHYSICAL GRAFFITI-LED ZEPPELIN and only listen to KASHMIR.APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION-GUNS N ' ROSESUSE YOUR ILLUSION I-GUNS N ' ROSESGREATEST HITS-TOM PETTY AND THE HEARTBREAKERSTHE LAST DJ-TOM PETTY AND THE HEARTBREAKERSTHE ROARING SILENCE-MANFRED MANN 'S EARTH BANDFIRE AND WATER-FREEGOLDEN HEART-MARK KNOPFLERTHE RAGPICKER 'S DREAM-MARK KNOPFLERSAILING TO PHILADELPHIA-MARK KNOPFLERSHANGRI LA-MARK KNOPFLEREXCITABLE BOY-WARREN ZEVONDEBUT-THE CARSLOVE AT FIRST STING-SCORPIONSINSIDE INFORMATION-FOREIGNERAGENT PROVOCATEUR-FOREIGNERMETALLICA BLACK ALBUM-METALLICAStay away from this , THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK ! THE ROLLING STONES SUCK!Please buy the following , Whirligig .
 GOD DAMN , THIS IS THE WORST ALBUM EVER CREATED EVER !!! EVERY SONG ON THIS IS A BIG TURD . THE STONES WERE AMONGST THE WORST BANDS IN HISTORY ALONG WITH LYNYRD SKYNYRD . NIRVANA NEVERMIND IS A BILLION TIMES BETTER . GO GET THAT INSTED .
 Wow my friends , you ca n't believe how horrible the Rolling Stones have to be . They are so horrible and overrated , I ca n't stand them . Their newest album is the lamest , stupidest , and lousiest album I have ever heard . I just saw the LP the other day and thought , NO NO NO because it has 16 of the worst songs ever recorded by the worst band in history . They are just asbad as U2 , and ACDC . This has to be worth 0 stars because it isso horrible . JUST FOR KIDS WHO ARE A JOKE . Get any album fromDire Straits or Foreigner insted as they are LEGENDS.Four Fourteen .
 CUZ THE ROLLLING OLD APES ARE AT IT AGAIN WHY DONT THEY RETIRE ALREADY NOBODY CARES I LISTEN THE ALBUM ALL SONGS SOUND THE SAME THEY HAVENT CHANGED IN YEARS EXCEPT THEYRE ALL OLD AND WRINKLED NOW LIKE THE OLD APES THEY ARE MY FAVORITE TRAXX WERE `` UP HERE IN A TREE '' `` PEEL THAT BANANA '' `` TOSS ME A COCONUT '' AND THE BEST ONE `` I LIKE TO SWING ON OLD TIRES '' BUT DONT FORGET `` HANGIN BY MY TOES '' ALL IN A A MINUS BILLION STAR EFFORT WHY DONT THEY SELL MORE SONGS TO PEPSI RETIRE AND GO AWAY DIDNT THAT MONKEY RICHARDS BREAK HIS ARM GETTING A BOOK IM SURPRISED HE COULD READ I HATE THE STONES
 The Rolling stones ' new album is the most overrated , horrible , awful , stupid , lame , & lousiest rock albums of all time behindany album from AC/DC , Aerosmith , and Queen -LRB- 3 of the most overrated , lame , stupid , & lousiest artists around -RRB- . 16 of thesesongs on this album are lame and terrible , and the lyrics are notgood at all . Plus the rolling stones have never made anything good but Start me Up and Shattered . They are just overrated andthis is just sex , drugs , liquor , ciggarette smoke , and VIOLENCE.I hate this album , do n't ever buy it . Avoid it and buy these albums insted ... MAKING MOVIES - DIRE STRAITSAMERICAN IDIOT - GREEN DAYON EVERY STREET - DIRE STRAITSGREATEST HITS - GUNS N ' ROSES4 - FOREIGNERPHYSICAL GRAFFITI - LED ZEPPELINFOOL FOR THE CITY - FOGHATBUT SERIOUSLY FOLKS - JOE WALSHLOVE OVER GOLD - DIRE STRAITSON THE NIGHT - DIRE STRAITSWARNING - GREEN DAYWHO 'S NEXT - THE WHOAPPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION - GUNS N ' ROSESBORN IN THE U.S.A - BRUCE SPRINGSTEENTOM PETTY GREATEST HITS - TOM PETTYGREATEST HITS - NEIL YOUNGMETALLICA - METALLICANEVERMIND - NIRVANALOVE AT FIRST STING - SCORPIONSThe rolling stones suck the rolling stones suck .
 I hate the rolling stones . They are in my top 20 worst bands of all time . They only made 1 decent song in Shattered . Rest of their music stinks , Mick Jagger just screams and makes up a vocallike a girl . Do n't make a bad mistake on buying all their awful albums , stay away . Get bands I 'm familiar with such as Dire Straits , Metallica , Foreigner , GNR , and Nirvana insted .
 I 'm just grateful `` Jack The Ripper '' there had the guts to tell it like it is - `` Bigger Bang '' just proves the hypothesis that `` God never meant for sixty-plus Rolling Stones to be attempting rock and roll . '' `` Bigger Bang '' stinks - I mean , you thought `` Dirty Work '' was bad ? UUuhh ... `` Bang '' makes it sound -- almost ! - as good as `` Let It Bleed . '' You want particulars ? OK , I 'll be the honest one here and say that I am not impressed a ` TALL with Mr. Jagger 's `` dissing '' President Bush on `` Neo Con '' - I mean , where does some ... Limey get off pontificating about American politics ? OK , that being said , let me tell you the truth , dear reader
 The Rolling Stones ' new album is the most horrible CD I have ever heard , plus they never made anything good in their whole career . They suck so hard . Why do people like this band so much?This is noise . Get any album from Green Day , Dire Straits , or Guns N ' Roses insted .
 Regular readers of my reviews will know exactly why I could n't wait to review this album . Usually to be fair to new music , especially from a band or artist I admire , I will allow the songs to sink in over time before venturing a fully-formed opinion.Well , this here neo-feminist has her panties in a bunch -LRB- no thongs here , sorry fellas -RRB- . The reason ? A BUNCH OF OLD BRITISH DUDES RIPPING MY PRESIDENT A NEW ONE . Not gon na fly . Not with me , not with millions of other proud Americans . Should Mick be allowed to have his opinions ? Begrudgingly , I say `` yes . '' Should he be allowed to express them this freely ? Heck no ! He 's gone too far , and should 've listened more to Keith -LRB- who everyone already knows is the most talented Stone -RRB- . Keith had the good sense to question whether the band should get into this territory.Seriously , folks , I like the rest of the album and feel it is fairly representative of a classic Stones sound . But this `` Sweet Neo Con '' tripe is worse than their attempt to criticize Operation Desert Storm back in the early '90s -LRB- `` Highwire '' I believe it was called , on the live album `` Flashpoint '' -RRB- . It 's time to say it , women - say it with me
 when I think of the Rolling Stones all I think is a walking Billboard of Logo much else.same Riffs that have been going on for almost 30 years.so-so Lyrics & the vocals have continued to go down hill.The Rolling stones have been so Robitic over the years it ain ' ; t even funny . they Basically found a formula & stuck to it . these days as has been the case for a good 20 plus years they do better concerts than they make decent Albums , even if alot of there Tours are pretty much a set format as well .
 Guys , THE TANK IS EMPTY ! , FUMES JUST WON `` T CUT IT ! , this is dreadful , there is no life to this disc , electric wheel chairs for all , please , please , please give it up , I 'm your age and I wish you knew yours , thirty years ago was the last good disc , I 've played your old music for my boys and they love it , but on hearing this travesty , my youngest said , `` you sure this is the same band ? '' , you have been sold snake oil folks .
 Oh man , The Stones in their second week dropped 9 positions . No wonder , these old men sound OLD . Some of the songs sound like exact replicas to their older songs . Eeeeeek these dudes are out of ideas and materials . They were praying for a comeback and to sell millions of CD 's again . No way Jose , it aint happening . Maybe they can continue to amuse people being rock relics with faces that look like prunes -LRB- too much drugs , alcohol , and being forever Rolling Stones . -LSB- ... -RSB- These guys are a joke , I would go to see them if they were at the circus as a sideshow .
 No one wants to admit it , but the game 's over . There 's no `` Bang '' in this latest Stones fiasco . Thanks for the memories , fellas -- it 's time to retire .
 I wanted to like this so badly , but what a flop . The band SOUNDS great , I do n't have any problem with the MUSIC here , BUT the songs almost to a one suffer from an acute case of Jaggeritis , an affliction dating back to Dirty Work where the Mick opts to go on for paragraphs when a few well-chosen words would do the trick . Dangerous Beauty is n't bad , great playing , but who is going to remember any of this in a few months ? When even the Keith songs do n't cut it , what hope is there left ? This feels like a half-finished album , a great band playing hot but with too many wordy whiny Mick solo-album reject lyrics to make it worthwhile . This is n't the comeback album or tour of the year . That honor goes to Garbage , playing their hearts out live and with a solid album to boot . What a depressing disc this is .
 Rolling Stones by the numbers . It 's ok and it does rock for a bunch of guys now in their 60 's . However , nothing stands out . Where is the `` Start Me Up '' , `` Brown Sugar '' ? I listened to it over and over and it sounds as if they decided it 's time to tour , we had better put out a CD . That said , why bother ? We will all show up at the concert anyway . I just hope they do n't play too many songs from this CD.They can and have done much better in the past . Go to the concerts and avoid this CD .
 I think the world was ready for a new REALLY GOOD Rolling Stones CD . Look at their recent popularity , sold out concerts -LRB- even at VERY high prices -RRB- , very popular Live DVD , big selling 40 Licks Compilation , and some pre-hype for their new studio CD . But there just isnt anything special here . Matter of fact , the Stones offer nothing new whatsoever on this CD . It sounds like they are picking up right where they left off on the last CD Bridges To Babylon -LRB- and that wasnt a very good CD either -RRB- . The problem is not Mick 's voice or the bands studio ability -LRB- they can still play -RRB- . The problem is these songs are just not that great -LRB- very mediocre -RRB- . When a band has been around for 40 years and has released COUNTLESS studio albums and CD 's , they need to reach within themselves and come up with something for the ages . Even some great songs in the old stones vain would have been welcome . But this CD can not measure up even to an average Stones album from the 70 's or 80 's . It just sounds like an aging band struggling to repeat their sound -LRB- without results -RRB- . The songs are not catchy at all . Steel Wheels and Voodoo Lounge were much better CDs and the Stones havent offered any GOOD new material since . I say if you cant make any new decent music , just forget it . Plenty of fans want to see the Stones live , enough to keep them in business until their too old to play . They have MORE then enough songs to play . Matter of fact , whenever I see them live , I am always left wanting to hear old gems they never seem to play anymore . But for sure , after 40 years , their fan base will never die even after they do ; -RRB-
 As I have thoroughly enjoyed pretty much all of the music by the Rolling Stones , I was excited to listen to their most recent addition to their famed collection.However , I found that it was a complete let down . While some of the songs share the upbeat bounce and rhythm I enjoy , most songs and especially lyrics are absolute rubbish . They sound horrible . When will they learn that not everyone facing senialty should still be making records . Leave it to Sinatra boys !
 After listen to Eric Clapton grow gracefully on his latest album , it make the latest Rolling Stones album , A Bigger Bang sound even worse . Granted Clapton has been pumping out great albums for the last couple years whereas The Stones seem to slap some song together just as an excuse to tour . Yet everyone knows they will be playing Jumping Jack Flash over any songs on that album . A Bigger Bang is no exception.The album title itself sound like a shot at the recent hubbub of Intellectual Design by naming the album after a theory that contradicts it , the Big Bang . And that would usher in a more political Stones most prominently heard on the song that has already come under fire by Fox New , Sweet Neo-Con . If you have n't heard already , the song rails against Bush calling him a hypocrite and blasting him about prisons without trial and Haliburton . And people said Eminem was late to comment on the elections . At least Mosh was catchy ; Sweet Neo-Con is just painful to listen to.But then again A Bigger Bang could be a sexual reference , this is The Rolling Stones . Even when the boys getting up their in age , they still like their suggestive lyrics , `` Once upon a time I was your rooster , now I 'm just one of your c **** . '' -LRB- Rough Justice -RRB- It 's nice to see Jagger can still write those double entendres . Wait , no it is n't , it 's kind of sad he still does . But wait , there 's more , in the appropriately titled Oh No , It 's You Again , Jagger sings that he 's , `` staring down your t *** . '' Ladies , it 's time to lock up your granddaughters.Elsewhere on the album , there is the Angie rip off , Streets of Love , but it 's not as emotional as the original . The king of the cheesy songs goes to Laugh , I Nearly Died , which could describe anyone who makes it through the whole album . This especially goes for the songs wear they let Keith Richards sings . There are a few , and I mean very few , rays of sunshine on the album , including a funky riff on Rain Fall Down and Back of My Hand has a cool , down home bluesy feel to it , but they never come close to redeeming the set of songs . Hopefully the next time The Rolling Stones get a feeling to tour , some one tells them they can actually do it without having to release an album to do so .
 Now Mick Jagger takes a swipe at the Presedent and conservatives in general with `` Sweet Neo-Con '' . If anyone needs proof that drugs kill brain cells , they only need to look at all these Rock stars trying to be political scientists . The Rolling Stones should stick to writing songs about cheap sex , boos and partying . anything deeper than that could risk the loss of thier few remaining brain cells . Of course , the president and the conservatives needent be offended . Criticism from a bunch of old brain dead , stoner geezers should be taken as a compliment.after all , advice about character should come from one who actually has some . Womanizing stoners and boozers do n't generally make the best judges on such matters . Advice to Mick
 WOW ! WHO ARE THESE IDIOTS ? FOR FORTY YEARS THEY HAVE NEVER MADE ANYTHING DECENT . I WISH THEY COULD HAVE BROKEN UP IN 5 YEARS BECAUSE THEY SUCK SO HARD . THEIR MUSIC IS BAD , AND THE LYRICS ARE DUMB . HOW COULD 300 PEOPLE REVIEWED THIS AWFUL ALBUM ? HOW COULD . THEY HORRIBLY SUCK . F# % K RIDE THE LIGHTNING AND HIS STUPID RECOMMENDATIONS AND GET FOREIGNER 4 OR LOVE OVER GOLD INSTED.AND THIS GOES TO MY GIRLFRIEND , WAITING FOR A GIRL LIKE YOU , DO N'T LISTEN TO THIS TERRIBLE ALBUM AS THE STONES REALLY SUCK , THE SUCK JUST AS HARD AS BEATLES , ROLLING STONES , WHO , LED ZEPPELIN , PINK FLOYD , AND AC/DC . EVERY BAND EXCEPT DIRE STRAITS JUST SCREAMS , MARK KNOPLFER IS A GREAT SINGER . DO N'T BUY ANYALBUM THAT SUCK . THANKS.LET IT BE .
 HOW COME PEOPLE LOVE A HORRIBLE BAND THE ROLLING STONES ? THEY ARE MEANT FOR BABIES . AND THEIR NEW ALBUM SUCH AS THIS SUCKS SO HARD , I 'D AVOID IT . THE LYRICS ARE N'T GOOD AS HAS 16 OF THE WORSTSONGS EVER MADE . STAY AWAY FROM ALL THE ALBUMS FROM THIS LOUSY BAND . DIRE STRAITS AND FOREIGNER ARE MUCH BETTER .
 OH ! MY ! GOSH !! How tired and crappy do these guys/songs sound ? Egad !! If you want a decent Stones album pick up any one of their first 3 or 4 -LRB- from waaayyy back in the early '60s . -RRB- It 's really the only time they were actually good at what they did -- blues and rock . Give it up guys -- you look like you 're 3/4 dead anyway !!
 Well , i 'm gon na say my prayers to THE BEATLES ROCK . What is your problem ? The bands you hate are legends , and the bands you like are really really awful and joke . If you ca n't talent my legends , then what the hell are you doing on the internet ??? Huh why?Anyway , The Rolling Stones are stupid ! They only made 2 decent songs in Start Me Up , and Shattered . Rest of their albums and songsjust stink , including their newest one . Avoid this and get a Foreigner or Metallica CD insted.PS.Rolling Stones , Pink Floyd , AC/DC , Lynyrd Skynyrd , and The Beatles are garbage so avoid allalbums from those bands .
 If you have heard any Rolling Stones album that hey have put out in the past 30 years , you have heard this.When oh when are they going to give up the ghost ? If you have to buy a Stones album , go with something pre 1973 .
 I found myself to very disappointed with this CD as it was just not up to the usual standards of this band . I found all the cuts to sound similiar and I missed the `` bluesy-ness '' we have come to expect from this once great band .
 It 's amazing to see how so many people can see a thing so differently . Even those who love the album do so based on a variety of reasons even giving negative criticism to certain aspects of the album . Sadly there have been comparisons of this album to the greats like Exile on Main Street Some Girls and Sticky Fingers . This album ranks in the category of Stones albums that were `` okay '' -LRB- or possibly even worse -RRB- like Undercover and It 's Only Rock n ' Roll . Amazingly many Stones fans here have ripped on the Stones for not releasing anything good in over 20 years or anything exceeding ten in its total number of tracks . Excuse me but Bridges in Babylon and Voodoo Lounge albums -LRB- released in the ` 90s -RRB- were good to very good , and as in the case of Voodoo , had a great number of good tunes -LRB- over 14 tunes in total -RRB- . With this new effort the Stones in my opinion fall short of their good to great efforts like Steel Wheels , Voodoo Lounge , and Bridges to Babylon.This is n't a horrible album , however . It 's just well , forgettable . No , it 's not even close to the classics listed above ! One reviewer here stated that all the songs sound the same . Most of the songs are moderate in tempo -LRB- most in four -RRB- . Well true . Consider what Jagger said about the album
 The Stones have been my Fave band since i was 8 yrs old . I found a U.S. copy of `` Out of our heads '' at home . Track 1 from `` Heads '' Mercy Mercy grabbed me by the throat & never let go . The Stones good stuff is still & always will be some of the greatest music the Earth has produced but this album `` Big Bang '' is just Rough & average . -LRB- But i read a review that said it was the Best since Exile . . Piss Off -RRB- If some people think this is top notch Rock n Roll for the 21st century then Rock has run its course . Mr Jagger OVERSINGS on everything now apart from blues material-He still blows a mean Harp i will grant that . but this album is just dull apart from maybe 3-4 tracks.If anyone else recorded this it would be called garbage . Streets of Love made me GAG . The Keith tracks are cool enough but i can listen to `` Talk is Cheap for a Keef fix-THAT ALBUM ROCKS-NOT THIS.Everybody wants a great Rolling Stones New Album because it would make the world seem a bit nicer & like the old days but until the old boys decide to do an Album of Rhythm & Blues rather than all that Turgid `` Dance '' music that MJ just ca n't get enough of , it wo n't happen.Watching Mick on stage is amazing for his age truly , he is a great showman-but most of these tracks here have `` NO BALLS '' - like most Rock these days . If the Stones play Australia i would still love to go to pay respect & have a good night rocking out-ticket prices not withstanding . But i certainly would n't remember any of this stuff . Lets see if anyone still plays this album in five years time ... BE HONEST.The last songs recorded with STONESY BALLS were : RESPECTABLE-Some Girls . Remember 1978PAIN OF LOVE-MUST BE HELL-UndercoverSO YOUNG b-side LOVE IS STRONGFANCY MAN BLUES b side Mixed Emotion -LRB- Steel Wheels is a very good album -RRB- HIGHWIRE recorded for the PERSIAN GULF DISTRACTION in '91 Bush snr . fiasco-Those Guitars Rocked Hard . Play it LOUDMaybe the Stones could get a Blues Album together & donate ALL proceeds toward the Resurrection of New Orleans as it must have been one of thier great influences.I know the blues is still in 'em Somewhere.Mick should go find The Crossroad again-reignite the old DemonThis material just tarnishes a wonderful song bookDo n't Forget BE HONEST will you still play it in years to come ??
 For me & my spouse - we were VERY unhappy with this CD ... have always loved the Stones since the beginning ... saw them 4 times in concert -LRB- X2 in the 70s -RRB- ... love these guys ... then , this CD comes out ... I guess they finally ran out of things to write/perform & figured they could just put out ANYTHING and they would be adored ... for us , major let down ...
 For the most part , A Bigger Bang is just a bigger bag of hot air . The main offenders here are Mick Jagger and Don Was
 Nothing new creative or artistic . Time to stick with the live tours and hang up the recording process . It 's painful to watch them consistently getting worse as they age . Kick butt live though !
 mmmmmmm ... Was Mick Jagger thinking of the Rolling Clones when he sang that line ? The Rolling Clones/Unplugged I often wondered about that one .
 I THINK I JUST MADE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE BY BUYING THIS BAD BAD ALBUM . ROUGH JUSTICE ... THATS WHEN YOU THROW YOUR MONEY DOWN THE TOILET ON REMAKES OF SONGS THAT ARE 30 YEARS OLD . YOU WAN NA HEAR THE STONES THEN GET FORTY LICKS . AVOID !
 This album is full of the type of crap we have come to expect from Richards , but even Jagger could not pull it out of the doldrums .
 When the Stoners ca n't even make a CD as good as friggin Steel Wheels , it 's time to hang it up and break out the canes and rocking chairs . Boring Boring Boring , there isnt one unique thing here that hasnt been hashed out a zillion times . At least a great band like U2 have reinvented their sound many times , the Stoners sound like their making It 's Only Rock & Roll Part 5 , nothing has changed except the inevitible songwriting sucks worse each new release . Do yourself a favor man , stick with the stuff from Steel Wheels and before for optimum listening pleasure .
 I consider myself a pretty big Stones fan . They 've always been in my life , and I own each record , and can appreciate them all . I actually think Bridges to Babylon is one of their finest record -LRB- I do n't dislike a single song on it -RRB- but A Bigger Bang is just not very good . Stuff like `` Streets of Love '' is just awful easy listening , and `` Sweet Neocon '' is just the Stones trying too hard to create controversy during the Bush Years . I did like `` Rough Justice '' for about ten seconds then realized , again , they were trying way too hard to `` rock '' . I think the Stones will eventually admit that this record stinks.Thank God for the second side of the Exile on Main St. reissue . It more than makes up for A Bigger Bang being the Stones final studio output .
 I recently heard this played straight thru at a small party consisting of mainly over-50 types . Mainly third-rate guitar blasting and thumping , vocals that would make a howling animal sound good , and lyrics that were simply non-understandable . I listened -LRB- or really tried to close my ears , but that was impossible -RRB- , and politely refrained from comment . If this is the best the `` Greatest Rock & Roll Band '' in the world can do , then the state of current pop music is at least as bad as I though . Compared to Brian Wilson 's recent `` Smile '' this is a D - . For comparison , listen to the 40 year old CD 's by Sinatra / Basie , also recorded while the performers were over 60 , and you 'll realize how bad this `` Bigger Bang '' really is !
 Let 's face it -- the stones are a concert band PERIOD.This cd is pure drivel -- sweet neo con is the dumbest song I ever heard with the dumbest lyrics i ever heard.When Mick swears in concert we shake our heads and go that was cool , when he swears on this album i think he did it just to hear the words.They mean nothing.Being an optimist that I am the 2 richards songs with him singing are pretty good -- other than that this album is a major disapointment .
 The rolling stones are making the same music from 20 ago ... and now . . as multi-millionaries , they are playing to rebels . . writting songs about bush etc. . . Ths is the only way to call the media attention ?
 Imagine everything you 've hated about the Rolling Stones studio output during the past 15 years . Weak singing , uninspired lyrics , lame ballads , recycled riffs - It 's all there on this limp offering .
 Are they still alive ? This CD stinks !!!! They are living off Media Baby Boomers Hype !!! When was the last time they had a hit 1970 ?
 On first listen this sounded like the great return to form they 'd been promising for nearly 25 years -LRB- since Tattoo You -RRB- , but sadly it 's another false dawn.Two songs stand out , `` Rough Justice '' and `` Back Of My Hand '' ; the former a crunching , innuendo-laden rocker that 's up there with their best work and the latter a country blues with an off-hand virtuosity that used to be their trademark.As for the rest , well , there 's not much here to be honest . Just re-treads and filler . They 're clearly trying hard , which we should perhaps be grateful for after all this time.It could perhaps have been better if they were capable of self-editing . They seem to feel that they have to fill an 80 minute CD . An album half that length would have been preferable and much more satisfactory.It leaves something of an empty feeling . It 's all very calculated and professional . In the pre-release interview Jagger compared this with Exile on Main Street . It 's nowhere near that fagged-out masterpiece , of course . To be fair , it does n't even compare to Goat 's Head Soup .
 For about the last 20 years or so it always the same thing when the Stones release a studio album - this time they 're serious . Sure .
 What a piece of s *** . They sound like tired old men , and the way they look ? Old formulated songs and style . Can you spell boring ? And their faces looks like the skin of a 100 year old man . What did these stoners do to look so old and decayed ? Please retire for all our sakes or the VERY least , stick with the concerts and continue to scalp your richest fans for $ 150 per ticket . That 's what you do best Stoners , playing live at outrageous prices for the biggest fans with the biggest wallets . At least until one of you has a heart attack or something and then all your millions you are so greedy to obtain -LRB- that you cant possibly spend -RRB- will go to your relatives . Hats off to bands like Pink Floyd who knew when to quit , never got greedy , are happy with the money they made , the royalties they still receive , and when offered 200 million to do a reunion show said stuff it . Now theres a band with class and integrity , not old money hungry washed up has beens like the Rolling Stones .
 This is definately the worst album I have ever heard besides The Beatles . I feel sorry for them writing bad lyrics . Go get anything from Dire Straits insted .
 This CD sold a million copies ? No friggin way ! It dropped off the charts like a bomb . How many of those million CDs are still sitting in the stores later to become cut outs ? New artists struggle to sell 500,000 copies of a CD and they chart MUCH better . Example , Rob Thomas-Something To Be . The status for counting these CDs is all wrong . Count the actual CDs sold , not what has been preshipped to the stores because of hype over a CD . Since Rob Thomas didnt get all the hype , they didnt preship or premanufacture an extra 500,000 copies . His gold means GOLD , half a million sold and counting . The Stones have actually sold 300,000 copies and the other 700,000 are sitting in store racks , on the shelf at the warehouse , and at the record company . One million copies have been produced , yes BUT NOT SOLD !! This mediocre piece of crap would never sell a million copies , no hit single , not long on the charts . Just a bunch of people praising these dinasours because they feel sorry for them -LRB- because their old men still trying to rock -RRB- . Give me a break with false album sales system . Tell the truth , 300,000 have been sold , PERIOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 So , I wonder what 's next for these guys ? Gee ... hmmm ... can you guess?A LIVE ALBUM!Yep , these so-called bad boys of rock are the most predictable act going . A studio album followed by a tour , then a live album . Heck , last time around they did n't even have a new studio album , just a massive greatest hits collection followed by a tour and then ... A LIVE ALBUM . What bores they are . `` A Bigger Bang '' ? A BIGGER BORE .
 I hate the Stones and will alawys hate them . I hate em and they only made 1 good song in Shattered . REST OF THEIR ALBUMS SUCK AND ARE CRAPPY JUST LIKE LED ZEPPELIN WHO AND GREEN DAY . Stop recommending me bad music that sucks so hard , go get Foreigner 4 insted or kill the reviewer below me.THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE THE STONES ARE HORRIBLE.The Stones Suck , Do n't Ever buy one of their CDs They suck really really hard . Do n't ever get The Wall , Abbey Road or Back in Black either they suck really hard too.Go get Foreigner 4 which has Girl On The Moon and Waiting For A Girl Like You , those rock !! Stay away from this lousy , lame stupid and overrated band . Get Foreigner and Dire Straits . . Thanks , God That Failed .
 I have been patiently waiting for some new Stones and what do I finally get , this group of songs some south Philly garage band could have written . What a disgrace for the Stones to put out this Lousy album . I am deeply disturbed buy the fact that people are giving this rave reviews just because it 's a Stones album . Be ashamed , Be very ashamed of yourselves for telling people this CD is worth their hard earned cash !
 Stones albums of late have suffered from sounding too clean , too precise . When I look at the credits - well , what do you know -LRB- and big surprise -RRB-
 A BIGGER BANG starts off with the trademark Keef clarion chords of `` Rough Justice , '' but the lethargic sameness that was disturbingly previewed in the 4 cuts on the gr8est hits 40 LICKS shows up frequently on the latest Stones album , their 1st since the more innovative and risk-taking BRIDGES TO BABYLON 8 years ago.Those tunes -- `` Do n't Stop , '' `` Stealing My Heart , '' `` Keys to Your Love '' and the prophetically titled `` Losing My Touch '' -- could have been the better tracks on BANG.Had the Stones just started out and this was their 1st album ever , A BIGGER BANG would not be a somewhat boring album at all . But it is n't . It 's the Stones 27th or so studio album . Not much on BANG , from the lame-o cover artwork , to most of the songs compares favorably with many of the tunes on BABYLON . `` Flip the Switch '' is still a better lead off track than the cliche-ridden `` Rough Justice . '' `` Anybody Seen My Baby '' is still a much better ballad than the turgid `` Streets of Love . '' The old Glimmer Twins and the hip young producers -LRB- Dust Brothers , et al. -RRB- there had updated the Stones blues sound very successfully in `` Might As Well Get Juiced '' and `` Low Down . '' Where 's the stadium-friendly `` Saint of Me '' here ? It 's not.If the Stones play another tour , how many of the tunes on BANG will they continue to play ? That 's the true test.Now for the Good , Bad & Ugly : * The truly raucous `` Oh No Not You Again '' shows the boys can still get it up and sound like they mean it bigtime . Charlie sounds awesome . Likewise the totally rockin ' `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' btchs & moans with the better half of the Stones catalog . These 2 should be played LIVE , guys . * The ` controversial ' `` Sweet Neo Con '' at least sounds like Mick has something/someone to be truly pissed off about . * The playing is always more than good ; that 's something you do n't lose in the studio . When Woody is playing with Keef -LRB- he 's actually not on the album about 1/3 of the time -RRB- , they can still jam . * The songwriting is filled with tired cliches and overly cute innuendo . E.g , `` She Saw Me Coming '' -- a decent number which would make a hilarious video -LRB- if they hired me to direct it ! -RRB- suffers from an overused and soon-very annoying chorus that kills whatever cleverness it had . * The tepid songwriting was also previewed in the Mick solo album GODDESS IN THE DOORWAY and his efforts on the ALFIE soundtrack btw , so we all had fair warning . * `` Dangerous Beauty , '' about Mick 's fixation with somekind of S&M ; dominatrix , sounds utterly hollow and unconvincing . Why is he so fascinated with her ? Why should we care ? Other clearly Mick Tunes , `` Laugh , I Nearly Died , '' `` Rain Fall Down '' and the already mentioned `` Streets of Love '' all suffer from coming out of the same cookiecutter . * `` Let Me Down Slow '' is actually a good example of a decent Mick Tune . He does n't pretend to be anyone he is n't . He does n't try to be cute . Likewise the next track , `` It Wo n't Take Long '' has that same air of authenticity and authority that 1 can only earn . `` And it wo n't take long to forget you/Time it passes fast/It 'll all be over in a minute/You 'll be in the past . '' * Even the blues , `` Back of My Hand '' sounds too studied and self-conscious . There was a time these guys could do a convincing 12-bar in their sleep . The requisite Car-as-Girl song , `` Driving Too Fast '' was predestined to run head on into boredom . * `` But I think/I just made the Biggest Mistake of my life , '' Mick intones on song # 8 . DIRTY WORK was probably worse , but not by much . * Keith turns out another pair of his now trademark slow tunes sung in his cigarettes-and-Jack voice . `` Infamy '' -LRB- `` You 've got it In For Me , '' get it ? -RRB- is the best of these , but what happened to his rockers like `` Before They Make Me Run , '' `` Little T&A ; '' or even `` Run Rudolph Run '' ? Change it up some , Keef.So , what can the Boys do to turn it around ? My suggestion would be to hire Rick Rubin -LRB- who chaired Mick 's most excellent WANDERING SPIRIT solo album -RRB- and retire the tired sounding and out-of-ideas Don Was . The various producers on BABYLON -LRB- Dust Bros ; Danny Saber , et al. -RRB- showed what the band could do when going in a more ` modern ' direction without losing its roots.In case y' all missed it , I 'm not comparing BANG to EXILE or STICKY FINGERS , I 'm just comparing it to the last studio album and imho that 's totally valid and relevant.A producer like Rubin would be more balanced and thoughtful in keeping the Stones sounding fresh like they were in 1965 , or frenzied like it was still 1975 , and not sounding flat as they stand today in 2005 .
 As a lifelong Stones fanatic , I 'm sorry to say Bigger Bang is rubbish . It joins their other 2 rubbish efforts , Undercover and Emotional Rescue . I love the Stones , I absolutely adore the Stones , they are my life and over close to 50 years at the very top you are entitled to 3 bad albums . Sadly , this is one of them . Not one single memorable song . One star because you cant give zero stars .
 an insult to the buying public . no wonder few people under 35 know how they used to play.i 'm surprised that their musical integrity would let this one out .
 The lyrics on Biggerbang are so bad ! If you have a brain , you will cringe . '' ... i 'm just one of your cocks ''
 The Stones have n't released an start-to-finish GREAT album since 1972 , but similar things can be said about The Who , Paul McCartney , and the other great rock and roll musicians of the sixties and seventies . To be fair , the Jagger/Richards team has at least been successful in coming up with a handful of good singles in the decades since the end of their prime.This new album is n't anything drastically different from their previous releases in the 80s and 90s . It 's pretty much all disposable , although Back Of My Hand is a great old-school blues number and Rough Justice is a damn good lead-off track . It 's too bad the band did n't stick with the same theme for the rest of the album . Slick production does n't play to their strengths , and a bare bones blues album would 've been just what the doctor ordered . What hurts this album the most is Charlie Watts ' oversimplified and modern-sounding drumming . Watts is one of rock and roll 's great drummers , but he 's sounded pretty crummy since the Some Girls album in ' 78 . Because of the brilliantly exciting music they created in their earlier work , The Rolling Stones deserve to be remembered as the world 's greatest rock and roll band . I hope that people enjoy this new album , but one should look back to the band 's first 10-15 years to understand why these guys are legendary musicians and songwriters
 I would prefer to think that they 're still in it for the money , but sadly the truth is that the band led by Sir . Jagger is just a bunch of old guys pretending to be young . Yes , I have to admit they know how to craft a good r 'n' r song but that 's not what matters ... you really have to have some appetite for it and the guys clearly lost it more than twenty years ago . Of course , they can revamp some of their back catalogue , and the songs will still sound like some of the Sticky Fingers or Some Girls tracks , but that does n't worth nothing , unless there is a real reason , a real drive to keep on doing this kind of music , and is evident to me that the stones lost it at the end of the seventies if not before . I can still buy Richards doing some of his mellow ballads even if his voice is wasted , but seeing Jagger playing the r 'n' r star role to show the world he can still do it , is quite pathetic to be perfectly honest . Maybe he should have listened to George Harrison words
 Ah yes , the Stones 2005 release . Loved them at the Xcel in St. Paul.First
 Sorry , but the Rolling Stones are no longer relevant - unless you count the intriguing oddity of `` Sweet Neo Con . '' Try as they might , `` A Bigger Bang '' is largely a bust . It 's too bad that Mick , Keith and company did n't pull the plug after `` Tattoo You '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . For the past 20 years , the Stones have existed as a well-paid oldies act . `` A Bigger Bang '' fails to reverse the group 's sad decline .
 I was looking for another BBVD album , but this definatly is not the right choice . Maybe another one of theirs would be better . Man ! Now I have to go back to the store and return it . It 's probably great music , but I do n't care much for this particular style , especially when I expected Mambo Swing or Go Daddy-O ! It 's like eatting a raspberry when you expect it to taste like blueberry.Don Quixote 's my favorite of all of them .
 I was definately not ready for the disappointment I suffered when I decided to buy this instead of another Tom Waits CD . I was very sorry to see that the early music by the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies was just as god-awful as all the other alternative music that I hate.I like mittens !
 Yes , an overview of latin rhythms but that is my only favorable comment . This is truly a hodge-podge of recorded material and no musical credits are given , as to ` who is playing ' or ` when any particular track was recorded ' . This disc 's 1st track is a piano solo but do n't be fooled into thinking that would occur again - oh no - that would be too logical - and logic plays no role here !
 Good performance but note this is a BOOTLEGon the JAZZ DOOR bootleg labelSee here : ------------------------------------------------------------ http://forums.allaboutjazz.com/showthread.php?p=95607 -RRB- : ----------------------------------------------------------- http://www.allaboutjazz.com/dryden/ask_ken_0702.htmThe reason you may have trouble tracking down much information about JazzDoor is that it is a European bootleg label . They have fair distribution , Cadence carries some of their releases , and the sound quality is generallypretty good , ranging from 1950s airchecks to tapes made surreptiouslythrough sound boards at concerts . It 's a shame that the musicians andpublishers are n't benefiting from the sale of these generally enjoyable CDs . ------------------------------------------------------------- The official Thelonious Monk site says this : http://www.monkzone.com/PIRATEANDBOOTLEGLABELS.htm--------------------------------------------------------------------------http://www.allaboutjazz.com/dryden/ask_ken_1101.htmI know that the Miles Davis bootleg Black Devil exists , but finding a copywill be time consuming . You 're likely going to have to try ebay and varioussites selling used CDs . Parallel Realities Live seems to be available as avideo , but it evidently has n't been legitimately issued on CD , except forpossibly as a bootleg on Jazz Door . The video may have been issued under PatMetheny 's name , but I do n't have a definitive answer . Children of Forever , a1994 reissue on One Way of Stanley Clarke 's 1973 LP , is evidently out ofprint , and you 're going to have to stick to sites selling used CDs to findit . None of the regular dealers I checked had any of these titles in stock . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- http://www.plosin.com/MilesAhead/DiscoLabels.aspx -LRB- check under Bootlegrecordings , lots on the Jazz Door bootleg label -RRB- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ More Miles Davis bootlegs here on the Jazz Door bootleg labelhttp : / / users.erols.com/mabner/mdavis/mdavis.html------------------------------------------------------------------------------Also the official Joey Calderazzo site , says he played for M. Brecker onsome BOOTLEGS on the Jazz Door bootleg label . Jazz musicians appreciatebootlegs a lot , as little profit is made -LRB- unlike bootlegging U2 -RRB- http://www.joeycalderazzo.com/discography.html-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------some Jaco Pastorious Bootlegs on the Jazz Door bootleg label toohttp : / / www.jacopastorius.com/music/discography/1985.asp----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------http://www.podcastdirectory.com/podcasts/index.php?iid=581410.Ornette Coleman Quartet - Whom Do You Work For -LRB- 1:32:11 -RRB- 1971-11-02 , Belgrade , Yugoslaviafrom the bootleg `` The Belgrade Concert '' -LRB- Jazz Door -LRB- It -RRB- JD 12112 -RRB- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- and here is some information in german languagehttp : / / www.rollingstone.de/forum/archive/index.php/t-16021.html------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------and if you read spanishhttp : / / www.terra.es/personal/jazznoend/LIVEJAZZ.htmPAT METHENY , JACK DEJOHNNETTE , HERBIE HANCOCK , DAVE HOLLAND - PARALLELREALITIES LIVE -LRB- 1.990 -RRB- Este `` bootleg '' de la discogr&aacute;fica Jazz Door , recoge con un sonido cristalinoy en un doble CD , el magn&iacute;fico concierto ofrecido por este conjunto `` allstars '' el 23 de Junio de 1.990 en Filadelfia . Desde la primera composici&oacute;n , Shadow Dance , se pone de relieve el estado de gracia en el que se encuentranlos m&uacute;sicos , el entusiasmo y la maestr&iacute;a de las que har&aacute;n gala durante lamas de hora y media que tenemos la ocasi&oacute;n de disfrutarlos . Hubi&eacute;ramosquerido mucho m&aacute;s . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- and a great Miles Davis bootleg on the Jazz Door bootleg label herehttp : / / home.drenik.net/jnikolic/Miles_Davis_In_Belgrade_1973.htm ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 i wanted to like this documentary very badly . i was completely excited when i received it . this had Unwound , Sleater-Kinney , The Make-Up and many others . some parts are genuinely interesting . but unfortunately nothing was given that i could really enjoy . the sound makes some -LRB- not all -RRB- of the live footage fairly unlistenable and the footage so dark i can barely see the people in some parts . mostly i wanted to see Unwound , what a horrible shock to find that halfway through their performance commentary starts playing ! i was angered and felt cheated . the interviews were safe and boring , offered nothing new and some of the people were unbearable to hear talk . it was such a great idea and i wanted to love it from the beginning . maybe my expectations were too high ?
 I heard Canon on an iTunes radio channel , went immediately to buy , but I can not imagine a CD worth $ 40 + .
 For anyone , who is thinking of buyin this CD , do n't ! You 'll be sorry just like I am . I went into the CD store today and saw the CD . I asked the clerk if he heard it and he said it had some tight beats and wall all around tight . I even was being a little facecious with him and told him I would bring the CD back if he was lyin . Well he lied . This is the worst garbabe I 've heard Bleed put out . He is no longer on No Limit which put out his first and tight CD My balls and my word . The two CDs do n't even compare . I will boycott Bleed forever ! I ca n't believe he fell off this bad !
 This C.D. stinks like rotten potatoes!Jennifer Lopez may produce some albums well but this is not one of them.The sound is n't very good -LRB- You can hardly hear it -RRB- and the C.D. doe n't really have enough hits on it to cost so much -LRB- well , not that much really -RRB- . Save Your mooch and spend it on something else .
 It 's always hard to bow out gracefully when your time is up , and I just wish somebody would have took Tina to one side and told her how bad this album is . Listening to her ailing vocals is hard , stop now Tina , retire and live on past glories because once the voice is gone ...
 I have always been a big Tina fan and have always looked forward to new material from her . However , I was extremely dissappointed with her latest outing `` Twenty Four Seven '' . Listening to this CD filled with European Pop songs , it left me yearning for Tina to return to her R&B roots , which made her famous . Unfortunatley , Tina has not actively sung R&B since 1984 's outstanding `` Private Dancer '' . Every album since has seen Tina move farther and farther away from her R&B roots . With this latest CD , there is not a trace of Soul to be found.I think only die-hard Tina fans will like this CD . This will go down as one of Tina 's less popular CDs , especially in the States .
 first of all Tina Turner is a musical Genius , Legend etc , etc. . . she has done it all and continues to perform at top level.alot of the younger acts should watch a true Pro in action.however she chooses for the most part safe & lightweight music to put out.this album is no exception.i really liked when the heartache is over & the great remake of thelma houston 's do n't leave me this way.but overall it 's pretty much formula that shes been doing already.if i could recommend something for Tina it would be Robert Crays last disc.the Memphis soul.if this is truly her last hurrah she should go out with her true soul roots.she can do most of this album in her sleep.the Lady is bad but this does n't reflect that .
 Partnered with sadistic old Ike in the ` 70s , she was R&B 's most physically provocative interpreter of howling , cat-scratched hedonism . But Teen 's mellowed gracefully over the last two decades , so much so that someone must of forgotten to wake her up for this latest entreaty of adult contemporary zzzzzzz . Strictly speaking , 247 is a embarrassing formula album full of the same old hurtin ' songs Turner 's being turning out since Private Dancer ; muted and predictable shrill globbed up with overripened hip hop/soul and wedding dance beats . While she 's still effective when she 's engrossed in full throttle balladeering , gone is the Tina who was once able to sing any sentiment and make it sound like it was torn from the flapping patchwork of her soul . Today , she 's more like Aunt Jemina , drowning her R&B inclinations in a syrup of stiffened emotions and predictable studio belabourment . What 's love got to do with it ? Not a damn thing .
 I ` m a big fan of TT and there 's no doubt that she 's got one of the greatest voices in the music business . Doing a new album was a pleasure in the past . The best songwriters of the world stood in line to give TT the best material available . So , all the albums from `` Private Dancer '' to `` Wildest Dreams '' were really a pleasure . So what could go wrong ? I do n't know , but it did ! This is really a sad album . The first single from the Cher-Producers `` When the heratache is over '' , which is anything but original or outstanding , is by far the best song on this unbelievable weak album . I really do n't know , why they could n't get better material this time . On `` Wildest Dreams '' there were songs written by U2 , Pet Shop Boys , Massive Attack etc. , that really set a standard . On this album there 's only second -LRB- or third -RRB- rated material . There is no album from TT , that 's similar bad . It 's unbelievable ! Go , see her live or buy any other TT-album , but leave this one in the stores ! I really do n't understand the good reviews . I think , they rated TT as a person or singer in general , but not this disappointing new album .
 As a huge fan of swing , I was really excited to get this album , but as soon as I got past Zoot Suit Riot , which is an incredible song , I was instantly disappointed . Other than Zoot Suit Riot , the rest of the album just does n't have the swing and fun of that one song . It 's not a bad album , but it certainly is n't good either .
 Then check out Big Bad Voodoo Daddy . I picked this up because of Zoot Suit Riot . The vocals are weak and somewhat whiny and the lyrics are lame . The only thing saving this disaster disc from the lowest rating is the music . This band can play ! Unfortunately , I just ca n't get past the vocals and lyrics to listen to it and enjoy the instruments . If you want a cheap copy of this , check the shoulder off of I-405 , that 's where I 've tossed mine . Seriously , for the complete package , do yourself a favor and check out BBVD !
 This album is very repetitive , that sums it all up . Every other type of music has changed at least a bit , it has been 60 years since swing came around . Guess what ? It sounds exactly the same on this album as it always has . BORING !
 Zoot Suit Riot is great . The rest almost put me to sleep . I liked Setzer 's CD a lot more .
 Next to the REAL genuises of Swing music -LRB- Count Basie , Duke Ellington , Bennie Goodman , Louis Prima , and even Glenn Miller -RRB- , these guys look like the foul-mouthed wannabes from the other side of the tracks.I really like the Swing revival -LRB- and yes , the word is correctly capitalized -RRB- . Some of the bands are fantastic , and I especially like Brian Setzer 's great Orchestra . But Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are a black mark on Swing music . Lest some of you younger folks think that Swing music originated in this decade , please do yourselves a favor and check out the big band stuff of the '30s and '40s . If you think big band music of yesteryear equals Lawrence Welk , think again . In terms of compositional style , musicianship , and just plain fun hot tunes , you ca n't beat the originals .
 I was majorly disappointed with the lyrics . Call me fickle if you will but , the sexual overtones in the lyrics were just too blatant . Swing to me has always been a refuge away from this . If I want to hear music about sex and such , I listen to rock , it 's expected there . However , the music is first rate with tight rythms and wonderful horns . Peace ...
 Well , like always when records are n't selling good , we have to recycle old crap again to a whole new generation of listeners . The music is ok for what it 's trying to do . However , i could of sworn i heard the exact same beats on my grandpa 's old records . The lyrics are stupid , pointless , and most of it is talking about sex , to get the listeners attention . All in all , this is BORING . Not inovative AT ALL . Furthermore , all the songs sound the same . It 's like listening to an hour of the same weak beat , with a guy mumbling over lines . I 'll never shop at the GAP again becuase I know that they are the biggest reason for this `` craze '' . Without that commercial this band -LRB- And all other swing bands -RRB- would probably be playing shock rock dressed in drag , or whatever else sells albums these day.P.S . Di d I menion I would n't of given this cd 1 star if i had the choice ?
 I 've got to give props to the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies for starting the swing revival . But for anyone out there who is just starting into the swing scene this is deffinitely not IT ! Yes , there is a lot more to swing than just `` Zoot Suit Riot '' and `` Jump , Jive , An ' Wail '' I suggest trying Blues Jumpers and Colin James . Listen to some of this stuff and you will realize that Zoot Suit Riot is nothing but a song for banwagon swingers .
 I think that it is absurd that the Cherry Poppin Daddies feel the need to swear though out their album . Swing lyrics are supposed to be fun , light hearted , and make fun of the times both today and of yester-year . I wrote them off my swing list until they can clean up their act - it is a shame because they have a real tight horn section .
 The instrumentals and musicianship itself are great , but the lyrics make this hard to listen to . The vocals are either overdone or over the top . If this had been just an instrumental release it would have been great ! This simply is n't fun to listen to . You want fun interesting music and good lyrics , check out Brian Setzer and The Big Bad Voodoo Daddies .
 This is n't really that great at all !! I do n't know what you people were listening to , but it sucked . I brought it back that day and said it was all messed up and got a different CD . This is a 90 's rip off of swing style/big band music .
 Listen up all you people who think you know swing . This ai n't nothin ' ! This is n't swing , this is something I do n't know with a name attached to it . You want some REAL swing try the classics , the real thing , like Benny Goodman , Glenn Miller , Gene Krupa , Artie Shaw , listen to them ! the real thing ! This is just a modern excuse for music .
 I did n't pay attention to the reviews , sigh . I tossed the cd . The music may be good , but the concept is creepy . I glad for my naivete , this is n't the sophistication that I want to embrace .
 I love swing revival music , but my exposure to various groups has been limited . I bought this as a `` buy it together '' with another CD , listened to four songs , and turned it off . I wo n't listen to it again . The themes of the songs are sex-charged and the language vulgar . I guess I should have known by the title , `` Cherry Poppin ' Daddies , '' but I was thinking more along the lines `` poppin ' = jivin ' '' rather than it having a sexual connotation . Shows how out of the loop I am , I guess . Some people would probably love this CD , but as a Christian , I 'm offended by the themes and the language . There was a low-class knock on God , too , and that was the end of the CD for me .
 The rough vocal style and raunchy lyrics in this album are more typical of blues than swing , and if that 's what you like , fine . The musical composition is more upbeat and genre-defying than stereotypical blues riffs , but if you were expecting to hear swing music , you 'll be sorely disappointed . Give me Benny Goodman any day .
 all the songs sound the same .
 After listening to ` Zoot Suit Riot ' on the radio , I bought this and two other Cherry Poppin Daddies CD 's , wanting to support any neo-swing band . Unfortunately , the CPD was nothing like I had hoped for . First of all , ` Zoot Suit Riot ' is a great song , but the rest of the album sounds nothing like it . As you go through the album , you can hear how the lead singer changed his voice for ZSR to get that jazzy sound . His real voice , heard in most of the other tracks , is squeaky , and quite annoying , to me . You might be interested to find out that the CPD were originally a ska-type band , but with the lead singer 's voice , not a great one . Those who 've listened to older swing will be very disappointed with this album , it 's like a tourist 's version of the music . It sounds like a bunch of guys just trying to sound like a swing band , but they just do n't have it . Get the ZSR single instead , and most of all , do n't waste your money buying their former albums -- it 's not neo swing .
 This CD blows so much Goat Sac I ca n't stand listening to songs that have no point like `` Pink Elephant . '' This CD loses its pizazz after about the 3rd time listening to Track 1 . What hateful B.S.
 Most of the people criticizing this album are taking issue over CPD 's mean-spirited lyrics , as if this is a 90s defamation of innocent swing -LRB- oh , and `` Mack the Knife '' and `` Her Tears Flowed Like Wine '' were such cuddly tunes -RRB- . But CPD has another reason to be criticized
 I had high hopes after reading the reviews , but I really regret wasting my money . If I want to hear about fathers beating their children and the kids ' painful begging not to be hit with that thing in your hand , Daddy , I will meet with my clients . Word-pictures to let us all in on how it feels to be abused by a parent is not , IMHO , appropriate lyrics for the wonderful fun I have dancing to Swing . Stick with the classics . Do n't let depressed people or children near this . I even hesitate taking it to a CD reseller .
 Just not a very good album . Rather than creating new music that lives and breathes -LRB- like the Squirrel Nut Zippers -RRB- , CPD just photocopy a style they like .
 Most swing music that I own has some sort of originality . This does not . The songs are so repetitive it makes me want to vomit . I thought these guys were a ska band anyways . Why all of the sudden are they swing ? If you want some real swing goodness , try the old school big band stuff from the 40 's , or buy an album from The Mighty Blue Kings , Indigo Swing , or the Squirrel Nut Zippers . When listening to this CD you can just hear the trendy vocals and lyrics , creating a sound that not only is a disgrace to the uprise of swing , but it has no soul at all , and stirs no emotion in the listener . Lame , lame , lame .
 Album had some high musicianship points BUT the songs sound the same , the lyrics are juvinile , and there is just has no originality . They are basically a strong cover band re-doing things that were done 50 years ago only not as good . Likely a great band to see live and dance too but too repetetive and un-original for CD . If you really want to Swing , with lyrics pick up some Louis Jordan from the late 50 's . He was a great song writer , lyricist -LRB- catchy , entertaining , pure -RRB- , and alto saxaphonist . Also go for some Duke Ellington or Count Basie .
 I bought this cd after hearing the title song for the hundreth time on the radio , thinking maybe the whole cd would be as good . Boy , was I wrong . I would return it if Amazon would take an opened cd back !
 The CPD is one of the bands trying to bring back the swing craze . They have two good songs on their CD -LRB- the rest are not all that great -RRB- and two songs ca n't make one whole CD great . If you are desperate for only two songs , I suggest that you buy the singles or listen to a friend 's CD . This is not an all around great CD . You want some good swing , go buy the Big Bad Vodoo Dady 's CD . They can play better , and all of their songs are good . Beat that Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . Do NOT buy this CD !!!!!
 Not really all that good . And , the language used could be better . Not a keeper ... Sorry .
 If you like this type of music , the Brian Setzer Orchestra is much better
 This album was good for music quality but the lyrics were at times foul . There has been a lack of new musical ideas , everyone is trying to make it on shock value and pushing the envelope of social acceptability . People are tired of being screamed at and assulted by `` music '' and that has helped the resurgance of music such as swing . The Cherry Popin Daddies have taken the revival and put some tasteless lyrics to add the 90 's garbage influence . I played this CD one time and took it to the local store and sold it .
 This CD i bought because of Zoot Suit Riot . That was the only song i had heard prior to buying the CD . THe other songs I liked were Dr. Bones and Master abd Slave . This CD caught me by supprise with how bad it was . If you are looking for a good CD this ai n't it .
 Stupid , lewd lyrics coupled with songs that use on average 8 or 9 instruments and still manage not to be rich . `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is ok , but the album just went downhill from there . `` Here comes the snake '' , for example , is one of the most disgusting things I have ever heard.I do not scorn all modern rock . I am 14 , and like modern rock as much as the next teenager . I 'm not one of those classical-music-loving kids who thinks that everything made after 1900 is n't worth listening to . But this CD is n't . Do n't buy it unless you feel like throwing up . And if you want good ska , try Big Bad Voodoo Daddy .
 I 've been swinging for about a year now and I 've heard Zoot Suit Riot so many times I figured that I should buy the album thinking that the rest of it is really good too . BIG MISTAKE . This is your typical one song album . You see , the CPD used to be a ska band until the swing revival and then they jumped on the bandwagon to cash in . The whole album is just a compilation from their two past albums , really making this album a ska album . The lyrics are horrible , the songs are n't even swing songs , and the album will give you a headache . If you are into ska , by all means , buy this album . However , by swing standards this album is as bad as you can get . If you are n't into ska , do yourself a favor by not buying this album and by getting a real swing album .
 If you 're the type that thinks swing dance belongs on the same radio station that plays the top ten Billboard , and/or If you like jazz but do n't know who Duke Ellington , Benny Goodman and Count Basie are , get this!If it 's so good , why are so many people selling it used ??? No offense to the band , but there are many , many better albums -LRB- and bands -RRB- out there that are * so * much better . Granted , some of these songs are catchy , this would be my last pick for this type of music . Closer ? Big Bad voodoo daddy and Setzer . Even more ? Indigo Swing and Rhythm rockets . Ray Gelato . Lavay Smith . Steve Lucky & Rhumba Bums . Want to really get closer to jazz and / or swing ? check those out first . Closer ? Look into the real evolution of swing dance . But please do n't look here and start on the wrong foot .
 These guys are a ska band , not a swing band . It shows . You listen to their horn arrangements , and they sound like bad rips offs of the 30s style . Listen to how they try to swing - it sounds mechanical , forced . How on earth can one listen to this and enjoy it ? How can one dance to this ? It just does n't work.Maybe their ska is okay , but their swing is sickening
 The name of the band shoulda warned me , but it really did n't sink in until I started to listen and read the lyrics . I really do n't understand why they have to use such foul language and subject matter . It completely takes away from the enjoyment of the music , which is n't bad . And Steve Perry 's voice certainly is n't anything to write home about . In fact this album would have been perfect if it was an instrumental . And it is a shame , because the music is pretty good . The only thing that stopped me from giving it one star , was for the fact that Kenny G does n't play on it . That alone bumps it up to 2 stars .
 After buying a BIG BAD VODOO DADDY cd this was nothing . If you want swing get a BBVD cd and hold on tight .
 After buying a BIG BAD VODOO DADDY cd this was nothing . If you want swing get a BBVD cd and hold on tight .
 I agree with the two previous reviewers . This is indeed horrendous fake swing that does n't hold a candle to the original masters . It is also GRATE -LRB- not great -RRB- modern swing !
 These losers have a brain-dead idea . They trot out the old Swing/Jump sound of the '30s , then figure that in order to update it for the '90s , they 'd better add some downer lyrics and foul language . This is the modern '90s idea of fun , I guess.No thanks . If I want to listen to Swing , I 'll stick with the original masters . Do yourself a favor and buy a Duke Ellington , Fletcher Henderson , or even a Louis Prima CD , and you 'll see how lame these neo-Swing pretenders are .
 The swingin ' sounds on this may rock , but the swingin ' words on Zoot Suit Riot are simply awful . Abuse and swing just do n't go together ... this stuff is supposed to be FUN , not miserable . Go listen to the Squirrel Nut Zippers or Brian Setzer Orchestra instead .
 There 's one - yes , count them , one - good song that I 've heard on this album , and that 's Zoot Suit Riot . I say `` that I 've heard '' because I gave up on this album halfway through it - it was getting that bad ! There may be other good songs towards the end , but I 'm too shaken by what I heard in the middle of the CD to try to find them ... If you 're really into swing music , you might like this , but I could n't stand it .
 When I first saw the video to this song , I honestly thought it was a parody of all the blonde teenybopper girl singers . When I realized it was a real video . . I just laughed . The song itself has nothing special about it to distinguish it from any other teen fluff that has come along , in fact it only shows that record companies are trying to milk the blonde girl fad for as long as they can .
 She sings that he never loved her and she never loved him , so what is her complaint ? Both were leading the other on . She dances like a stiff giraffe , and the camera keeps changing angles to hide the fact . Like the others said , she does n't have the vocal range like the other teeny boppers out there . A single with one song only ? c'mon , give us a taste of what else you have to offer , because if you do n't you 'll end up like so many other one hit wonders out there .
 Hoku is just another dumb blonde . She has a horrible voice , and have you noticed that the lyrics to that song are kinda like Whitney Houston 's `` It 's not right but it 's okay '' ? My advice ? Go find yourself ANOTHER blonde , but make sure it 's NOT Hoku !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't understand what people see in this song . It does n't even sound like she 's TRYING to sing on here . All she 's doing in talking -LRB- in a bored tone of voice -RRB- in the same melody of the music . I 'd even listen to Truth Hurts over this .
 This is the kind of song that really hurts legit pop acts . The song is more or less catchy and well written , but the `` artist '' is terrible . Hoku can not sing any better than most people I know.He voice is very weak in the first place - she has a limited range that is very evident during the high parts , and when you add to that the fact that her voice just SOUNDS unappealing , well , the song is a recipe for disaster.But I am sure it will get lots of play , which is unfortunate since people like Christina Aguilera and Mariah Carey at least have vocal talent , and probably the same songwriters .
 Hoku 's ridicousily stupid `` Another Dumb Blonde '' is possibly one of the stupidest songs ever writen . Hoku did n't even write the song and the melody and lyrics are horid . Hoku is no small package thoiugh - she 's two doughnuts away from 200 . The title alone states perfectly what she is - another dumb blonde .
 HO-kuwho names their album another dumb blond ? why would you call yourself a dumb blond , especially on the front of your CD . Stupid unintellectual music
 Although she might say she 's not , it 's painfully obvious.Hoku is `` another dumb blond '' . The only reason she gets those 5-star reviews is cuz people are so tired of dumb blond singers that they want to believe thet she 's different.She danses like a moose .
 comon people , u call this music ? For one , she cant sing , for two , watchiing her try to dance is just as funny watching her sing . `` Another dumb blonde '' is the most pointless song ive ever heard . Im convinced that she is singing about herself because anyone who would actually be seen on Nickelodeon , singing like she does , dancing like she does , is really A DUMB BLONDE
 Well I recently got htis CD in the mail . When I saw the Another Dumb Blonde video on TV I thought the song was OK . Well I figured it only costs about 3 or 4 bucks so why not buy the single . Big Mistake ! I would have to say that this CD is one of the worst I own . Hoku is nothing like Britney Spears or Mandy Moore . Her style is a cheap throw off of the Pop stars we all love . Although this CD is very inexpensive , it is not worth the money . This is in no way a good buy .
 this `` music '' is stuff that can give a little boy nightmares . believe me its happened to simlings i 'd give names but they choose to stay anonymous . I think sewer rats wrote her only unbelivelby scary song , -LRB- maybe racoons -RRB- . some talent with that one song that she did ` nt even write ! god when will these non talented teenboppers stop coming . i sugest superman for this problem
 Clearly , the producers just went along and jumped into the bandwagon . They found another `` dumb blonde '' -LRB- a formerly famous artist 's daughter -RRB- , gave her a make over , a song , placed her in some promotional lines , and here you have it , a produced `` artist '' . There are plenty of these sorts out now to begin with , but what makes Hoku even more distressing is that her vocal range is n't very ... agreeable . Then tune is mixed up in a blender with all other sorts and the lyrics ... I wo n't even start with that . It 's a cutesy little getup , but that 's it .
 Come on everyone , how can you be writing these praises of Hoku and her debut , `` Another Dumb Blond '' . One of the few times Britney Spears outshines another artist can be found when comparing this single to any of Spears ' works ! The lyrics speaks for themselves ! The entire song is nothing but `` make no sense '' lyrics and loud background music coming from a keyboard piano ! Not a catchy song , horrible music , no well written lyrics . Simply do n't buy Hoku 's , `` Another Dumb Blond '' unless you truly are another dumb blond !
 This is an unfortunate example of pop music . The artist , Hoku , has very weak vocals and is made to sound better by stronger back-up vocalists . It 's all well and good for younger kids , but this artist does not have the staying power that some of the other recent acts have shown .
 This CD has won some Grammys and is Steven Curtis Chapman 's best work by far in my opinion , but does that mean it 's any good?It has good production , good Christian lyrics , good intentions . So why does this CD do nothing for me ? Well , it 's fine if you like several scoops of Vanilla . To me , he keeps re-hashing the same songs and arrangements from previous work , over and over and over again . Inspiring ? Original ? Not very . He 's got a very unremarkable voice and ho-hum song arrangements . When he does do something different it seems very calculated and inevitably follows some musical trend that was `` in '' two or three years previous.Lyrics are similarly bland.However , if you are n't anywhere near the cutting edge , and like your music Vanilla , this is his best , and be warned
 i enjoy alot of steven 's music , and do n't dislike this CD ; the only problem being that it sounds the same as ever other album he 's ever done . he was n't even original on his first CD , and now - how many ablums down the road ? - he still sounds the same . i would n't suggest buying this CD . just buy one and you 've heard it all .
 This is one of the worst recordings i have ever had the displeasure of listening to.The music is grating and conflicts badly with the artists vocals.If you must have annoying ,80 's influenced contempory pop/rock , then sample something by Eric Champion or Michael W. Smith.If you want somthing for it 's acoustic edge , look into artists such as Eli or Jenifer Knap .
 This cd literally makes my stomach turn every time I tried to hear it . This thing is just so disgustingly bad that I feel sorry for all of you who own this . Not only are the lyrics blatantly secular with the exception of a few words tossed in here and there , but it 's so downright boring that almost every time I 've tried listening to it I 've ended up falling asleep during it . This cd is just plain rotten and is hands down the worst Christian cd ever made and also is one of the worst cd 's ever made period . Steven 's Heaven in the Real World and Signs of Life are pure masterpieces that deserve a thunderous applause from Heaven , but Speechless deserves to get boos all around and should be tossed in the dumpster . The only redeeming quality is the maginificent song Speechless , but anyone who 's intelligent should instead find some way to get that one song and not buy the whole album for it . The song does n't even deserve to be a part of this . Please DO NOT buy this album .
 This cd stinks worse than decaying flesh and rotten hamburger meat . SCC has really messed up with this release . I just do n't understand Christian artists anymore . They put out a few great remarkable feats of achievement , and then all of a sudden they start putting out smut like this . Jars of Clay is the latest band to have committed this heinous sin . Jars has n't done anything truly remarkable since their debut , and SCC has n't done anything groundbreaking since Signs of Life . It 's been more than 6 years since that wonderful album came out . Would it be too hard to assume that by now he would 've created something either as good , almost as good , or God forbid ! even better . Steven Curtis Chapman I 'm sorry to report is just another artist in a long line of Christian artists who have steadily gone downhill in an awful big hurry .
 This is a great c.d. . It has upbeat songs , and is really fun to listen to , and it 's about the most important thing of all ... GOD !
 I checked this CD out because the awesome Amy Madden played and sang backup -LRB- hey I hope the money was worth it ! -RRB- and I found out on the net that she was on this . This guy has to be kidding ! ME ME ME ME like who cares about this Tom Petty copycat with the annoying voice . PREEE TEN SHUS !! Dont quit your day job . And hey ! when am I going to get the next AM CD its been too long .
 In spite of the really bad performance embalmed on these three discs , I remain a fan of Ferenc Fricsay for the many fine recordings he left before his too early death . It was Fricsay at the helm that caused me to take a chance on this . He is at the helm , but this barge is really stuck in the mud , and the rudder is useless.This unfortunate post-war production -LRB- WWII , I should make that clear ; post WWI would have boasted better singers ! -RRB- has nothing to recommend it . The singing is as leaden as the sound , which tends to fade in and out . I tried to listen to Act III last night ; I could n't get through it . I put on the same act from the Kraus RING of 1953 , and the quality of every aspect of the recording and production improved 100-fold . I then listened to Act III from the Solti/VPO set -- I had been reading a lot of late about how ` past it ' Hotter was by the time this set was recorded -- and I was astounded at how very , very good it all sounded , including Hotter , who conveyed the persona of a broken-hearted god taking the first steps in the path of SIEGFRIED 's Wanderer.Needless to say the recording reviewed here never rises to the level of basic competence ; matters of interpretation are beyond discussion.Save your money . Please .
 In the last few years of prefabricated , corporate , guaranteed-to-sell pop music , we 've had boy bands and girl bands , so why not a girl-girl band ? Enter T.A.T.U. , individually known as Lena Katina and Julia Volkova , two teenage girls from Russia marketed as sex-kitten lesbian lovers . -LRB- Think of a younger Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera doing a duet with less clothing and more fondling . -RRB- For the record , the girls deny the lesbian part , but they do claim to love each other . ... In yet more proof that sex sells , and that lesbians sell even better , T.A.T.U. has already topped the charts in Europe , and they are now showing up on radio stations here . -LRB- Who ever thought the Russians would invade America with fake lesbians ? -RRB- Their video `` All the Things She Said '' has already become controversial for showing the girls kissing , but as any PR flack will tell you , there 's no such thing as bad publicity.Once you get past the teenage-lesbian marketing ploy , the actual music is not much to write home about . It 's really not much more than the standard over-synthesized pounding-bass music which will certainly get heavy play in dance clubs . As is the norm with such music , the vaguely suggestive lyrics -- the usual lovesick female singer pouring her heart out , but to a girl instead of a boy -- are usually all but inaudible . It 's not good or bad , it 's just bland.The girls ' Russian manager and handlers have clearly studied American pop music for tips on how to manufacture a hit group , and they have learned well . T.A.T.U. is but the latest example of how clever marketing makes actual musical talent less and less important . They will , of course , make a bundle .
 Okay , `` All the Things She Said '' has kind of a catchy beat , which will probably be enough to lift this duo to the level of a bona fide one hit wonder . But six months from now when TATU bashing has become the new fad of the minute , how many of the people who are now blathering on about how soul baring and authentic these girls are will be the same ones saying oh , of course they are n't really lesbians and they 're totally fake and we knew it all along ? TATU 's `` performance '' at the MTV movie awards was just embarrasing . They ripped off Eminem , having a bunch of pretend lesbian school girls march on to the stage and pretend to make out , and they were obviously lip synching . So should the quality of the music be judged separately from the authenticity of the group ? Of course , and the quality of the music is just plain bad . I do n't know who the people are out there who insist that two whiny voices screeching `` you 're not gon na get us ! '' over and over is somehow the best music they 've heard in years , but they should really think about getting on medication . This is a pop duo for the dirty old man in all of us .
 The music of Tatu is great ... but be warned that the CD they are selling is not actually a music CD at all . The CD I received is labelled as -LSB- ENHANCED -RSB- , and apparently that means no music . All my CD contained was a Music Video and some Behind the Scenes content .
 I was not a fan of this album fo a few reasons . First of all , they are completely fake . They do not write their own music or lyrics , they have no stage presence when they are appearing live , and they have no style . A skimpy schoolgirl outfit does not count as style . What it is is sex appeal . Back to the fact that they have no presence on stage . When I say that , I mean that they do not interact with the crowd , and they absolutely no expression while singing . The only thing they do well is interacting sexually on stage with looks , caresses , and , yes , making-out . The second problem I have is that I do not believe them to be lesbians . I believe that it is one huge project to simply make money . I believe Lena and Yulia are very good at acing , and ay be very good friends , but not lovers . They also lack an amazing musical talent . No , they are not horrible , yet they are not geat either . Overall , I bow down to the executives who thought this idea through , yet give no credit to the singers themselves .
 I highly respect the producers for making such nice songs . Unfortunately it 's ruined by two Russian `` lesbian '' couples . The singing is horrible ; they use their `` good enough '' voice and edit it on music software . I have no idea why people think they 're so good . It 's because most people are only attractive by the lesbian acts or their cute looks .
 My sister got this thing , and made me listen to it . I really do n't hate a lot of music , but this . * shudder * This is terrible , on all levels.First , there was the `` lesbian '' stunt , which was simply disgusting and cheap . Even if they WERE actually lesbians , they way they played up that angle was just ... repulsive.Well , fine , publicity smublicity . If the music is good , we can forgive that cheat stunt.Ha . The music ? Generic , forgettable dance . And the voices are annoying and ear-drum shatteringly shrill . And repeatative . Since I did n't get enough of the singer 's shrieking out `` They 're not gon na get us '' the first time ! Eugh ... And they do n't even write or anything on their songs . All they do is sing . In short , UGH .
 Tatu will never appear on the cover 's of the pop magazines like Justin Timberlake and Avril lavigne did when they succeeded on their first albums.Tatu are just obnoxious with their songs and music.The lyrics to the songs are constantly repeated and they look like their everywhere when you look at them by analyzing . Those background laughs in '' 30 minutes '' are annoying and know this none of Tatu 's videos appeared on muchmore music but Avril lavigne 's did.It 's easy to explain how come '' not gon na get us now '' did n't make it on the countdown which pop videos usually do because it was n't popular and not very good . It looks embarassing when the British banned a Tatu video and not letting Julia into a Mcdonalds.It just looks so phony that these girls are homosexual and they probably are n't ... they probably do what their manager told them what to do . Tatu are shams and you should feel ashamed by wasting your money on this disgraceful exploitation of a Europop album .
 god , this music is soooo annoying ! and did n't Britney already do the schoolgirl thing ? they can only kiss each other while performing so many times before everyone gets tired of it.boring .
 If you do n't belive me , listen to track # 7 . Several of the songs on this CD try to evoke emotion , put fall flatly on their collective face . I do n't blame the vocalist -LRB- s -RRB- , but the struggle to phonetically get through the English lyrics is at times amusing . In contrast -LRB- and in all fairness -RRB- , the two tracks that are in Russian , in my opinion , are far more provoking . It 's a shame that the marketing machine has managed to bury their talent .
 Music continues to go further down the drain to Hades . T.A.T.U is another fine example of great marketing but no substance whatsoever underneath the slick , marketing appearance . First of all , WTH were they thinking of covering The Smiths ' classic `` How Soon is Now ? '' ? Have the girls in T.A.T.U even heard of The Smiths ? Whoever thought it would be a swell as to pass off two underage girls as lesbians singing chirpy pop songs is a ` genius ' to come up with that ploy to sell records . If anything , the person responsible for T.A.T.U 's image needs a swift kick in the arse for giving lesbians a bad name . `` All the Things She Said '' is an awful song . I would take Kidneythieves ' `` Before I 'm Dead '' over this duo and I 'm no fan of Kidneythieves either but at least that band has a singer who can actually sing and music that does n't make me nauseous .
 this review is more of a response to the other reviews i 've read on this same cd.first off , t.a.t.u. did n't make this music , it was made for them by a man named trevor horn . they are NOT saying anything special.for everyone who liked this album , ca n't you just see that these girls are just the result of a slick marketing campaign ? they are not about empowerment for women , as the only reason their lesbianism is highlighted is because their record company knows it will help them sell albums.finally , for all of you who think of `` how soon is now '' as the opening song for the show charmed , please be aware that it is a very good song by a very good band called the smiths . the fact that t.a.t.u. would have the nerve to cover this song is actually kind of humorous ... listen to the original and then listen to their version and savor the irony
 t.A.T.u -LRB- translated into ` she likes that girl ' -RRB- is so new and shocking only because of their image . They kinda make it seem like they 're only in this for a publicity stunt -LRB- namly because they 're lesbians . -RRB- I kinda find that sick , and despite that , their lyrics are just nothing by rambling on and on and on . However , I will give them thumbs up for the rythm on most of their tracks -LRB- which is why their music is appealing aside the fact that their foriegn . -RRB- I just hope that next time their lyrics would be more important and defining in their future albums .
 I can not believe the amount of good reviews about an album like this . I thought it appealed only to dirty old men and teenagers . In both cases not for its musical merits.And about music . Not that bad , particularly if you are a Trevor Horn fan or a fan of clubbing and dance beats . But let 's be honest - musically it is a 100 per cent Horn 's creation.Lyrics are simply awful , as they are awful and adolescent in Russian as well . Depth of a 15 year old . Oh , I forgot , they WERE 15 when these songs were made . But then again , they are not their own lyrics . Vocals - some of the most annoying female vocals I have ever encountered . Talantless sqeeking , which at some point may physically become unbearable to listen . Be warned.Overall , some of the interesting stuff that Trevor Horn has created musically -LRB- interesting as in `` for the purposes of dancing '' -RRB- is not worth the torture of hearing those voices and , Gog forbid , seeing them . For those of you less familiar with the genre , it IS typical Russian bubblegum pop , but if someone sees more depth into this , so be it . Be happy . O stars , really .
 I suppose every year needs a flimsy pop record for people to dance to . The very fact that the hype over their sexual orientation overshadows the music should serve as a dead giveaway that these two girls are about selling records more than making music of any lasting importance . Having said that , this is disposable pop at its most crass . Turning the Smiths jangle-pop classic `` How soon is now '' into a mindless Euro-dance track is not only a travesty , it 's rather ironic given what the song was originally written about . Subtract out the pouts , contrived hype , and cheesy beats , and your left with a disc I suspect will be easy to find in the used bin in 6 months .
 Flash in the pan . In the United States anyway . This duo may be popular in Russia , but I do n't see how these girls will ever be more than their one hit `` All The Things She Said '' here in the U.S. . Their music is over the top bubble gum pop . They have a couple of songs that have a catchy beat to them which make them passable , but the majority of the album does n't even have that going for it . Their sound tends to remind me of music from an anime film . They have two things going for them ... 1 -RRB- They 're very attractive girls and in this day and age appearance matters as much if not more than the music itself -LRB- see Britney for proof -RRB- ... and 2 -RRB- Their songs are already synth pop so it 's easy for Dj 's to remix them into electronica dance songs.In the end they have only two songs even worth listening to ... `` All The Things She Said '' and `` Clowns '' because of their catchy beats . I would suggest buying these on singles instead of the whole album .
 If there is anything more mainstream than this CD I would quit listening to music . 1st off they are not musicians and probly never will be . They used they 're good looks and kissing each other to sell records . Do n't get me wrong wvery guy likes to see a couple of hot chicks make out together but come on , the misicianship is not there . Nice try , I 'm gon na go ahead and do the honor of labeling them a 1 hit wonder . `` All the things she said '' had a catchy beat but I just wish they would ` nt have said anything . I give this CD a 1 out of 10 .
 The only reason for their fame is because they 're lesbians and there are people out there that would throw away 12 bucks just to listen to lesbians sing about nonsense . I do n't have a problem with lesbians at all , I 'm just saying that 's the only reason why people would listen to tatu . So what if they 're lesbians ? Does that mean they 're talented ? In this corrupt world where money is God , people will buy anything . I agree with other reviewers that this group is nothing more than a project created by some fat , middle aged guy who just wants to fatten his wallet . I remember seeing a commercial about tatu on TV . Corrupting our youth ? Heck yeah , because that 's what the middle aged guy wants . He wants to fool everybody into thinking this is real music so he can get more money . It 's not working on me , however . I 'm not buying this CD . I actually buy good music . Just a word to the wise , do n't buy this CD . They 're not that hot and the lyrics are stupid .
 Tatus first single which peaked into the Top 20 of the Hot 100 Billboard Singles Chart `` All the Things She Said '' , was a nice piece of fluff pop , produced by the MTV Video Icon Trevor Horn.However the album itself gets tiresome very quickly with high pitched vocals - which need the quick judging of Paula , Randy or Simon from American Idol , to tell them `` They have some pitch problems '' , especially in the high drone of `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , which I think unfortunately is their next single.The album gets very tired with the same sound , same song scenario , everything starts to sound the same . The only standout song in my opinion is `` Clowns '' with some good production , bridges and musical construction.Otherwise TATU is a bust , gay or not ... I think the gay issue is a ploy at publicity to sell a few albums , however MTV is not opening this with open arms , `` All the Things She Said '' though MTV tried to push it never did well at even breaking TRLs Top 10 , ... It just tells you people want good music , not girls making out in the rain with each other in a depressing video.A definite miss , ... TATU gets the Raspberry Award for worst Musical Group or Duo for 2003 .
 It 's hard to take the music seriously when I doubt that they 're even being honest about their sexuality.Music-wise , it sounds like old-school Britney Spears trying to rock out - horrible on paper , even horribler live -LRB- I know that horribler is n't a word , but this stuff is so bad , that it deserves a new word for bad that means ten thousand times worse than CRAP ! -RRB- Clever idea , trying to capitalize on an industry driven by sex appeal , but little more than that . Even watching them make out on stage gets boring after a while .
 While this CD may be good for dancing purposes , it has no depth in terms of lyrics and the vocals are very weak artistically to call the two girls who pretend to lead a gay lifestyle for publicity purposes singers .
 This is the worst CD I have ever listened to . First fo all , the translation is just awful . I kind of liked their music when it was in russian -LRB- At least it made sense -RRB- .
 ok , this gimmic of theirs is clever because they 're both pretty damn cute , but are n't very talented in the singing area . one of my friends bought this CD several days ago and i thought i was going to insane because of how they sounds . in `` not gon na get us '' they sound like a couple of off-key chipmunks . some of the lines in `` all the things she said '' just plain do n't make any sense.maybe i 'm one of the few who can see right through this gimmic for what it really is ... an attempt to sell -LSB- bad -RSB- records with hot girls who claim to be `` in love with eachother . ''
 Fun , frothy stuff from more girls with a bunch of guys putting words in their mouths and beats behind them . Not really a new concept , is it ? `` All the Things She Said '' works fine and locked itself in my head for days , but then so did `` The Sign '' by Ace of Base when it came out . The whole of the disc is fine and has plenty of electronic samples and sterile echo tricks to amuse one , and the Russian versions of the tracks are nice little surprises.Though I would be delighted to see Tatu grow as artists , I can not help but think they are the Chumbawumba of 2003 .
 T.A.T.U. , I do n't quite know what to do with you . I actually enjoy the music , not despite or because of the `` gimick '' ... , but I enjoyed the sound of the group before I comprehended the words or saw the video . Now I myself quite enjoy the idea of girls in love , ... But when it comes to this subject , I like to see the subject of teenage -LSB- relationships -RSB- handled more delicatly . Because otherwise it 's just feeding into the latest fad . ...
 This duo might have talent but it is hard to tell from this alblum . As is far to common to pop the producer over uses synthetic effects to alter the voices of the singers . While te music is fast and can be danced to it has a forced and artificial feel to it . After listening to most of these songs once or twice the novelty has worn off and the CD is put back in its case to collect dust until the next garage sale
 This is the latest twist in a failing music world , if you can call making two teenagers sing as a lesbian act and be managed by nothing short of a paedophile music , then i have nothing more to say , the quality of music continues to decline , teeny boppers and people who bought this CD and their singles thank you very much for supporting this dire enterprise , the sooner they are gone , the better ! Listen to the real musicians with talent , i have more respect for Christina Aguilera than this ` act ' , and that 's saying a lot ! Hey how about i go find two of my girl friends and tell them to kiss and sing , gee i 'd have a lesbian music act , no talent , just rubbish !
 I think it just highlights the state of the music industry nowadays when record companies have to go as far as russia to reel in the money . Although i think it was a really well executed plan to bring two very controversial , easily manipulated youngsters to our ears . Musically the album is pretty good and the songs show some degree of emotion , i think the vocals are grating at times but that 's all down to taste . `` How soon is now ? '' is a very tame effort , which was a song written by `` The Smiths '' in the 80s . The record company wanted to produce easily digestable pop and it succeded . You 'll love the songs just long enough to go out and buy the album which will be forgotten in a couple weeks of listening . If you think you 've created a special emotional bond with the fore metioned artists think again , they do n't even understand what their singing -LRB- They Do n't speak English -RRB- Vocals are dull and unemotional . : -RRB-
 If it were n't for their lesbian and contraversial image , this group would never have gotten to this point with just their `` talent '' alone . This album comprises of nothing but them shrieking , and singing shrilly the same lines over and over again . A good example is the song Not Gon na Get Us in which they scream the title line repeatedly till you feel like punching your stereo or the TV . If you relish giving yourself a pounding headache then this is the album for you . If not , stay far far away .
 I think it just highlights the state of the music industry nowadays when record companies have to go as far as russia to reel in the money . Although i think it was a really well executed plan to bring two very controversial , easily manipulated youngsters to our ears . Musically the album is pretty good and the songs show some degree of emotion , i think the vocals are grating at times but that 's all down to taste . `` How soon is now ? '' is a very tame effort , which was a song written by `` The Smiths '' in the 80s . The record company wanted to produce easily digestable pop and it succeded . You 'll love the songs just long enough to go out and buy the album which will be forgotten in a couple weeks of listening . If you think you 've created a special emotional bond with the fore metioned artists think again , they do n't even understand what their singing -LRB- They Do n't speak English -RRB- Vocals are dull and unemotional . : -RRB-
 You 'll find an `` interview '' with the girls that includes maybe two lines actually from the girls . Their manager is their mouthpiece , as they do n't really speak english . How convenient for him , I suppose . At least he 's honest , though , because he comes right out to tell you that TATU was created as a product , the theme being underage sex . No really , their manager was brazen enough to say it . Now , as to the music , it 's so-so . But the whole lesbian act is just that . They do n't smooch or cuddle off-camera . They 're just two underage girls being paraded around in wet t-shirts and school-girl uniforms . If you want to pay for that , go ahead , but usually it gets you arrested .
 If they really want so much attention why do n't they just go jump off a cliff ? Britney Spears already did the school-girl act , but now , making out ? Who wants to watch two lesbian girls make out in the rain ? Everytime I see the video I want a bag to barf in ! Now , I 'm not saying anything bad about lesbians , but , this is too much ! The first time I saw them on MTV I thought , `` Oh look , new singers '' . Then -- I saw the video . I went online to read about the interview with MTV and they said `` We are n't lesbians we just love eachother '' . Ok , alright ... so why are they making out ?! DO N'T BUY THIS CD OR ANY OTHER ONES BY T.A.T.U. !
 t.a.t.u is in fact the biggerst gimmick of all the time . -LRB- what there name stands for ... the kissing ... the taking off of clothes ... and so on and so forth . This album is ok if you take it for what it is
 It 's time for Dubya to start the Cold War again . As much as I 'm against anything he has or will ever do , if he were to announce we 're bombing Russia into the stone age , I 'd do my best salute . Hopefully these bombs he may drop would hit T.A.T.U. repeatedly . Repeatedly until nothing is left but the radioactive ashes.You really wo n't understand what I 'm saying until you hear `` Not Gon na Get Us '' at work 5 times a day . This is without a doubt the worst thing anyone has ever put onto a sheet of plastic . Whichever one of these two sings `` They 're not gon na get us '' about 500,000 times is begging to have their vocal cords torn out by me in a fit of rage . Seriously , I am NOT joking when I say someone should literally be held accountable and DIE for that song ... and the rest of the stuff is pretty abysmal too . Did some cokehead make this album to pay off his debts ? Who the hell basically makes a lesbian human version of the Chipmunks ? On the fun scale , Around A Little Less Than 100mph In The Wrong Lane is somewhere in between being sodomized by a gray whale and papercutting between your fingers and toes .
 Wow ... 2 faux lesbian Russian girls with all the passion of a Jenna Jameson shower scene ... thanks to libidos worldwide Tatu has become somewhat of a household name ... and there was much wailing and gnashing of teeth ... though the girls can sing , as much as 2 lesbian teen pop-stars with a fondness for plaid skirts need to , the lyrics , written by middle-aged men are trite and played out even in the candy-coated realm of pop music ... some of the more techno-oriented tracks are veritable club hits but as a whole the album makes a better coaster than anything ... seriously , what do you think my glass is resting on right now ? ... music aside , the girls are quite good at making out in front of cameras and wearing plaid skirts though I must say that Traci Lords did it 1st and better ... a friend tells me that one of them , the one with the short hair is a trained in piano ... well , as far as I can tell , she never plays once on that album ... I guess they do n't have classes on how to wear a bra and briefs on stage ... I must give credit to the guy who thought this up ... I 'm sure he 's laughing all the way to the bank ... I know I would ... and the smiths cover is the icing on the cake for me , or should I say the air bubble in my vein ... if Hell needed a soundtrack , this and anything done by the Bay City Rollers would be it ...
 having heard lots of positive buzz about this CD , i listened to it at borders . i quickly found myself frantically skipping through the tracks , trying to find a single one that did not make me want to egg the cars of the producers who created this monstrosity.buy the beu sisters ' CD instead . you 'll be glad you did . tatu = p.u.
 Come on , lesbians in a video . Really . Little kids too . They were 12 when they shot it . It 's one thing to use sexuality in your music to express yourself . But having them making out in the rain is utterly disgusting.But , on the MUSIC . They need to learn English . Again . They should come back when they 've matured their creativity , image , and style . They sound pretty good in their russian tracks , but man , do they have to be the ultimate high-production-no substance-group to sell ? Yes and NoYes , cause they have n't developed as musicians , and need to find a better company to deal with.No , cause they have potential , but must find it themselves . They should n't have to make out in a rain-storm to get publicity . The album leaves a bad taste in the listeners mouth , and they need to wipe it away . After they become true musicians , that is.I do n't blame the duo . They are n't true musicians , and should n't be judged as musicians.But for Heaven 's sake , what a -LSB- strange -RSB- producer !
 i really liked the song `` all the things she said '' but the rest of the album is mostly average stuff , the album would need a few more number 1 hits songs to be classified as grammy award material , this album does n't have the capability . I would n't recommend buying this album unless your a fan of tatu , otherwise get the single of `` all the things she said '' instead .
 Not only do most of the songs sound the same , its formula techno-pop junk . It goes from boring , to boring , in 45 minutes ... Its pretty -LSB- bad -RSB- . What you heard on the radio or on TV is all they have to offer .
 i am a big album buyer and collector and i wo n't recommend buying this album because of the hype it got over ONE SONG ... `` all the things she said '' . the album itself is not nearly as good as they say if you 've listened to it . I recommend doing your research before buying cd 's and listen beforehand.they have a hit song `` all the things she said '' which is fantastic no doubt but that wo n't make up for an average done album .
 An entirely artificial project , manufactured by their -LRB- middle-aged male -RRB- manager Ivan Shapovalov . Break into the big money western music markets by exploiting a theme that 's near and dear to every -LRB- middle aged male 's -RRB- heart
 i liked the cd , but it had very few songs and i really did n't care for the russian versions , i liked what they are singing i liek the lyrics but no wonder the cd is only 6.99 because it has very few songs.I think that lesbians will like this songs since they are about LEsbian Love .
 ok . . I will admit it I did like the song `` All the things shes said '' but the rest fo the cd isnt good at all ... they sing about nothing ! The only reason most people even like them is because there lesbians !
 Ok , ok their music can be ok e.g. All the things she said . But the track `` not gon na get us '' is so stupid and requires not talent . Plus those girls are not even lesbians , so please do n't get this just because you think their lebians because their not . I feel sorry for the lesbians who bought this because they thought they where lesbians . Ontop of that their music is played on radio mtv all the time so its not like you do n't hear them much . And yes the only avg song by them is `` all the things she said '' , rest is -LSB- garbage -RSB- .
 When in doubt , overproduce music and market it as lesbian chic ... This is just the latest iteration of the Britney formula , and maybe soon it will all just end . Where 's grunge redux ?
 I bought this album and half the songs are in english and the same songs in russian . It 's like buying half an album and playing it twice and paying 2 times the price . It 's a rip off .
 Do not waste your money buying this album , instead , spend your rubles on the original Russian version . So much of the passion and meaning is lost in translation . The Russian version lets the two express themselves the way that music should be heard . You can hear so much more in listening to the original version compared to the Americanized english version . Their level of hotness goes down when you hear the english translation , their voices are far superior in their native tongue .
 The lyrics speak for themselves . All these girls do is scream the same line over and over and OVER again until it is relentlessly ANNOYING.Here are some of the lyrics to `` Not Gon na Get Us . '' The lyrics alone prove a valid point to NOT buying this terrible CD.Not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usNot gon na get usNot gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usNot gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usNot gon na get usNothing can stop this , not now I love youThey 're not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usNothing can stop this , not now I love youThey 're not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usThey 're not gon na get usNot gon na get usNot gon na get usNot gon na get usNot gon na get usGet usNot gon na get us
 God , the refuse we 've come to accept as `` breakthrough '' is astounding.Hey , I 'm the first one to admit the songs are catchy ... especially the choruses . Like EVERY SINGLE Pop album should be.But have you seen them LIVE ? These girls have very little talent . Absolutely no stage presence -LRB- and no , kiddies , making out on stage does n't give you stage presence and charisma -RRB- , no grace , no vocal projection or expression . It was sad.It is patently obvious that they are a marketing ploy ... the Catholic schoolgirl uniforms , the making out on stage , the pre-adolescent/pre-pubescent look , the music written , composed , arranged , played and produced by everyone except them ... it 's like a modern , female version of Milli Vanilli -LRB- though I 'm assuming that 's them actually singing -RRB- . To those that say `` so what ? '' You have a point . I still think the music is faceless and generic , but you 're right , we should just care about the sound ... except it 's so funny that there are some describing this as `` soul-baring '' when they did n't even write it or participate in the creative development in any way , shape or form . I like integrity in my music . That means that if the artist does n't write/compose or produce it , he/she should at least be able to interpret it well and make it their own.These girls ... do n't . Do they have staying power ? I do n't think so . But that remains to be seen , does n't it ?
 The young Russian duo are great to look at , but they have n't develop their real talent yet -LRB- play instruments , write their own songs , dance , etc -RRB- . Nothing really seem to be produced by them . Sure , they may have the screechy voices which can be made to sound better with some enhancement of the computer -LRB- Examples
 I was looking for another BBVD album , but this definatly is not the right choice . Maybe another one of theirs would be better . Man ! Now I have to go back to the store and return it . It 's probably great music , but I do n't care much for this particular style , especially when I expected Mambo Swing or Go Daddy-O ! It 's like eatting a raspberry when you expect it to taste like blueberry.Don Quixote 's my favorite of all of them .
 I was definately not ready for the disappointment I suffered when I decided to buy this instead of another Tom Waits CD . I was very sorry to see that the early music by the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies was just as god-awful as all the other alternative music that I hate.I like mittens !
 Ugh ! Kenny Rogers doing a Whitney Houston ballad ? He does n't have the voice for any of these songs . Stick to what you know Kenny .
 These guys look like a couple of crackheads -LRB- especially the one on the left -RRB- . Sad how they are being paid for this garbage . I guess a Jr. . High School diploma and knowing your drugs gets you far in the ATL . Enjoy being rich and ignorant .
 thier alright i only heard one song !
 Im not writing this review to disparriage the band or the cd , its decent rock n roll and worthy attempt , but after listening to the album in its enirety I felt compelled to write this review because it did not live up to my expectations . I too heard the song Arrows on Pandora and that is why I bought the album . However the other songs didnt have the energy of Arrows and most of them failed to get me excited to what I was listening to . Triggerfinger and Barricades are decent songs but overall the lead singers voice fails to flow smoothly with the aggresive play of the guitars and only Arrows has a really fresh , polished sound that makes you yearn for more
 OF THE 15 TRACKS ON THIS CD , I ONLY LIKED 3 SONGS , ONE OF WHICH I ALREADY HAD . THIS IS A VERY POOR CD . ONE REALLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS CD IS THE COVER ! I LOVE THE COVER ! IF YOU WANT A GOOD ` CPD ' CD , GET ` ZOOT SUIT RIOT , THE SWINGIN ' HIT 'S OF THE CHERRY POPPIN ' DADDIES ' . IT IS A VERY GOOD CD .
 I am disappointed that Amazon forces me to give this sorry CD a minimum of 1 star . I bought this one along with Squirrel Nut Zippers and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , beliving it was swing . Only two cuts could be called swing - both laced with profanity for some reason.The title is very appropriate ; it obviously describes the state of mind of the recording comapny executive who decided to put this one on the market.Remember the first time you heard Rush , The Police , or Stray Cats and later found out that all that music came from THREE guys ? This was the complete opposite ; I 've never heard 8 guys sound like two or three before . Seriously , Wierd Al 's recording of ` My Bologna ' that was taped in his high school bathroom sounded more like an orchestra than this . The ` brass ' sounded synthesized.I 'm seriously surprised to read all of the positive reviews ; no one in their right mind can compare the crap on this CD to Voodoo Daddy or the Zippers.What really drives me nuts about CPD is that they recorded Zoot Suit Riot , which is actually quite good . If you think I 've missed the mark completely here , I 'm willing to give these guys another chance . Recommend an album of theirs that is full of good SWING , without the out-of-place vulgarity .
 I like jazz , big band , classical and pop . Even throw in a couple country western , but I do n't like this CD . I like something up beat and happy , not talking trash . Some of the sounds are cool , but not the lyrics .
 Arturo obviously is familiar and comfortable with the classics which he covers , but he does n't do anything particularly interesting with them , and is usually downright boring . The modern effects are out-of-place and crude . Sure he can play his instrument , but he does n't have the soul or mastery-without-effort of his superiors .
 This is what I call a weighted CD ... in this case , the beginning . I love the first 3 songs on the CD , and I hate the last 9 . When I listen to it , I just listen to the first 3 songs then stop it . Kinda ' dissapointing ... at first I was thinking that all the songs would be like the first 3 , but then I was sorely disappointed . But again , it DID have 3 good songs !
 Excuse me , but I do n't think that `` Hank done it this way '' !!!! This album has way too many POP tunes on it ! What 's wrong with COUNTRY is that people like Shania Twain , LeAnn Rimes , JoDee Messina , and Faith are taking the country out of country music !!!!!! I do n't think that Reba McEntire -LRB- God bless her soul -RRB- would ever have been dumb enought to release a COOKIE-CUTTER song like `` THIS KISS '' !!!!!! I wo n't say that every song is disgusting . Hell , I actually like `` LET ME LET GO '' !!!! But , people , IT 'S NOT A COUNTRY SONG !!!!! WE DO N'T NEED ` DVIA 'S ' IN COUNTRY MUSIC !!!!! PLEASE , STOP BUYING TRASH !!!! IF YOU WANT A COUNTRY ALBUM , PICK UP STEVE WARINER or ` KING ' GEORGE STRAIT !!!!!!!! I think that Faith should hang up her invisible Stetson , and stop bringing her new POP-DVIA sound into Tim McGraw 's music !!!!
 Very disappointed in this CD . Only one good song -LRB- `` This Kiss '' -RRB- . Her voice is weak and does n't have any range . On some of the songs she sounds like she 's not even singing in the right key . For REALLY great singers I 'll stay with Wynonna , and Shania . What a difference - to listen to one of them after listing to Faith .
 After releasing one of my favorite Country albums , `` It Matters To Me , '' `` Faith '' went in the wrong direction . The songs are completely droned out by assembly-line like production . I some songs on the album , like This Kiss , Love Ai n't Like That , Let Me Let Go , Me , and My Wild Frontier , but even they fall victim . The album is pieced together , also - for example , the guitar rhythm to Let Me Let Go sounds manufactured and not in continuity with the other songs . I 've never liked the song The Secret Of Life , both on this album and the version by Gretchen Peters . `` Somebody Stand By Me '' is too bombastic . Often , Faith 's voice sounds more strained on this album than on her others . Hopefully , Faith Hill will do better again next time .
 ... if you want to listen to truly drab , uninspired and talentless material . this has about as much to do with country music as a cab driver from new york city . it just proves the old axiom that most people are a sucker for a pretty face . the songs on here are true bubblegum pop , so if you 're 13 and want to tell your boyfriend bobby how much you love him , then go ahead and buy him a copy . otherwise , spend your money on something more worthwhile , like 750 two-cent stamps . this music is an insult to the roots and traditions of country music , and just proves that the corporate record companies are more interested in quantity than quality . we can only hope that her marriage falls apart so she 's forced into some real introspection that may or may not inspire some thoughtful material . -- Raul Duke
 Bought this for `` This Kiss '' , which is easily an `` A '' song.Also enjoyed `` The Secret of Life '' , which is a solid `` B `` However , beyond these two for me , there is not much going on . Lots of `` C '' -RRB- average -RRB- and `` D '' -LRB- below average -RRB- songs on this album.I generally like Faith Hill , but I was expecting a little more consistency given the high reviews on Amazon.As an Album , I give it a `` D '' . Barely passing , but well below average . It is too bad , because Faith is very talented artist .
 Faith was somewhat a let down for me I epected better . This is not a stink bomb , but it is not masterpice either . I love Faith Hill but I have to be honest . The first cut and This Kiss starts it off and it goes down hill after that with the pretty powerful Just to here you say you love me and et me Let Go to the annoying The Secret of Life and Love Ai n't Like That . Faith
 Being pretty does n't mean you can sing . The songs are childish and she 's as far from being a country singer as I 've ever heard . If you want to hear a REAL voice , listen to Patty Loveless or Reba . There 's no real emotion in Hill 's voice . Nothing about the album seemed genuine . When I was through listening to this I felt as if I 'd been scammed . Hill is a slick package and that 's it . Country is supposed to be real but this woman sure is n't .
 I was very disappointed after listening to Faith Hill 's new album `` Faith . '' With the exception of the single `` This Kiss , '' which was what made me want to hear the rest of the album , all the songs sounded pretty much alike . How sad that all Nashville studios seem to turn out in their female artists are cloned , generic pop-like slush . I could n't tell the difference between Faith and any other female singer on the radio with this album . An overall disappointment in song choices and performance . Too bad , because I really wanted to like it .
 OF THE 15 TRACKS ON THIS CD , I ONLY LIKED 3 SONGS , ONE OF WHICH I ALREADY HAD . THIS IS A VERY POOR CD . ONE REALLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS CD IS THE COVER ! I LOVE THE COVER ! IF YOU WANT A GOOD ` CPD ' CD , GET ` ZOOT SUIT RIOT , THE SWINGIN ' HIT 'S OF THE CHERRY POPPIN ' DADDIES ' . IT IS A VERY GOOD CD .
 I am disappointed that Amazon forces me to give this sorry CD a minimum of 1 star . I bought this one along with Squirrel Nut Zippers and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , beliving it was swing . Only two cuts could be called swing - both laced with profanity for some reason.The title is very appropriate ; it obviously describes the state of mind of the recording comapny executive who decided to put this one on the market.Remember the first time you heard Rush , The Police , or Stray Cats and later found out that all that music came from THREE guys ? This was the complete opposite ; I 've never heard 8 guys sound like two or three before . Seriously , Wierd Al 's recording of ` My Bologna ' that was taped in his high school bathroom sounded more like an orchestra than this . The ` brass ' sounded synthesized.I 'm seriously surprised to read all of the positive reviews ; no one in their right mind can compare the crap on this CD to Voodoo Daddy or the Zippers.What really drives me nuts about CPD is that they recorded Zoot Suit Riot , which is actually quite good . If you think I 've missed the mark completely here , I 'm willing to give these guys another chance . Recommend an album of theirs that is full of good SWING , without the out-of-place vulgarity .
 I like jazz , big band , classical and pop . Even throw in a couple country western , but I do n't like this CD . I like something up beat and happy , not talking trash . Some of the sounds are cool , but not the lyrics .
 Arturo obviously is familiar and comfortable with the classics which he covers , but he does n't do anything particularly interesting with them , and is usually downright boring . The modern effects are out-of-place and crude . Sure he can play his instrument , but he does n't have the soul or mastery-without-effort of his superiors .
 I have been a big fan of Pillar since I discovered them with the Fireproof album . I enjoyed listening to Fireproof and Where Do We Go From Here over and over , which is against my norm of listening to an album a couple times and ditching it.I have to say that Pillar definitely took a step backwards with this album . Certainly not the quality , or the hard-core sound I enjoyed in their previous two albums.Hopefully they figure it out for the next album , if there is one . I 'll give them another shot because I know they can be great ... If you are into metal , and into Christian rock , I have so far found few that can match their sound .
 Please , save your money and do n't buy this piece of garbage . This cd is a terrible effort by a band that I really liked . The songs are so bad I have no motivation to watch the bonus DVD and see the bad songs performed . I really wanted to like this album because I like Pillar A LOT . To give it a fair trial , I have listened to it about 7 times now and I find myself skipping past most of the songs because they are so booooooooooooooooooooooooring . The `` songs '' are totally void of any good lyrics , solid Christian reference or musical quality . Who wrote these songs ? One of the band member 's kids?I strongly suggest buying Pillar 's `` Fireproof '' which is an all-out kick-butt album with plenty of hooks and emotion , and great lyrics . That album 's follow-up `` Where Do We Go From Here '' was a little lower quality but still a very good album . `` Reckoning '' however , a deplorable release , is another HUGE step in the WRONG direction . Another reviewer had the same observations as me , but I will be a bit more honest . There is one great song , `` Crossfire '' . `` Everything '' and `` Reckoning '' are pretty good but that does not make an album . The songs are just too darn slooooooooooow and filled with repetative cliche lyrics . `` Angel In Disguise '' is another `` Janie 's Got A Gun '' - clone song and who cares to hear that topic beat to death again ? This song just flat out sucks and makes you want your money back . Another , `` Chasing Shadows At Midnight '' should have been called `` Chasing A Good Musical Idea At Midnight '' Come on guys , you can do better than this !!! But at least the drummer has been working out and is showing off his guns on the CD cover . That seems to have been the most important concept behind this CD 's release .
 Please , save your money and do n't buy this piece of garbage . This cd is a joke . I really wanted to like this album because I like Pillar A LOT . To give it a fair trial , I have listened to it about 7 times now and I find myself skipping past most of the songs because they are so booooooooooooooooooooooooring . The `` songs '' are totally void of any good lyrics , solid Christian reference or musical quality . Who wrote these songs ? One of the band members ' kids?Rather , buy `` Fireproof '' which is an all-out kick-butt album with plenty of hooks and emotion , and great lyrics . That album 's follow-up `` Where Do We Go From Here '' was a little lower quality but still a very good album . `` Reckoning '' however , a deplorable release , is another HUGE step in the WRONG direction . Another reviewer had the same observations as me , but I will be a bit more honest . There is one great song , `` Crossfire '' . `` Everything '' and `` Reckoning '' are pretty good but that does not make an album . The songs are just too darn slooooooooooow and filled with repetative cliche lyrics . `` Angel In Disguise '' is another `` Janie 's Got A Gun '' - clone song and who cares to hear that topic beat to death again ? This song just flat out sucks and makes you want your money back . Another , `` Chasing Shadows At Midnight '' should have been called `` Chasing A Good Musical Idea At Midnight '' Come on guys , you can do better than this !!!
 These guys look and perform just like secular bands . They dress and look like them , with all the tattoos and shirts and hats with skulls/demons on them . I used to like them until I found out that they want to merge secular music with Christian music.You shall not make any cuts on your body for the dead or tattoo yourselves
 I like listening to the Coup occasionally . But some of the songs on this album just are n't good . And I do n't think that 's the album , I think thats just the nature of the group . Do n't get me wrong , I love the lyrics , and what the band stands for . but musically , compared to a lot of other underground hip hop groups , they just dont do it for me .
 Do not recommend the CD . These are okay instrumental versions of compositions by The Great Maestro Miklos Rozsa . They are not performed by The Great Maestro though . I LOVE the cut , `` Prayer of our Lord '' from the movie King of Kings ; but , the one on this CD is not the one from the soundtrack . The title is misleading because Miklos Rozsa does not conduct the orchestra ; these are compositions of his only .
 once again , peter gabriel has offered an inferior version of `` in your eyes '' and can not make the connection to the live promo that came from the `` say anything '' movie sountrack . the soundtrack promo has spirituality that has not been duplicated since . if one can remember the live video from 1989 that had the version , they will know what i 'm infering . there was nothing like the backup singer 's voice that carried through the air on that promo recording , it was divine .
 If I could give it no starsz I would . Instead it gets two thumbs down and a `` Booooooo '' !!!! This movie was garbage in its purest form .
 I am a big fan of Tony Robbins , but this DVD was only a small segment of the RPM system and is a little bit of a commercial . I have heard the old version of this time management system and it is amazing . If you have never heard Anthony Robbins before , this might be worth checking out . It is just a small sample of his stuff . Then , if you are convinced , invest in the full system .
 I agree that this is not really great rock , but a previous reviewer hold the Sex Pistols as the standard bearer for rock , when John Lydon -LRB- AKA Rotten -RRB- readily admits the Sex Pistols were/are a `` swindle '' and a fraud . He 's also stated that he `` loathes '' rock and roll and wants no part of rock `` history '' or the Hall of Fame.So , while I may not love the music bands like MCR make , at least they make music they like and have a passion for . The only thing Lydon and SP `` mastermind '' Malcom McClarren had a passion for was defrauding the public and trying to cash in on a punk movement that ultimately died off because of the Sex Pistols and other zero-talent acts .
 mmm you know when a band is singing about d-day and are in their mid twentys , they 're only trying to get in the pants of aging WWII veterans , and let me tell ya , i do n't think anyone 's grandpappy fancys gerard way.good job guyz , sing about WWII because you were there , and who knowz it better than you to mass comercialize an event like d-day than you ??? this is the reason i doubt humanity .
 This CD is one big rip off . Do n't waste your money . It has only 4 songs on it and they 're not very good . I bought the CD for one song that was part of the sound track in the movie `` Frankenstein meets the space monster ' , and it was not on the CD . This band did not make many records before spliting up .
 As others have pointed out , this is a Hollies compilation CD . If you are looking for the 1969 album that contains such songs as `` My Life Is Over With You '' and `` Do n't Give Up Easily , '' you want the `` Hollies Sing Hollies '' CD . This is the UK album and contains the tracks deleted from `` Hollies Sing Hollies '' by the marketing morons at Epic Records in the U.S. when Epic released the album as `` He Ai n't Heavy , He 's My Brother . '' `` Hollies Sing Hollies '' is the second album recorded by the band with rhythm guitarist Terry Sylvester , who replaced Graham Nash after he left the band to form Crosby , Stills & Nash in 1968 . `` Hollies Sing Hollies '' is a superlative album brimming with stunning vocal and instrumental performances by the band and peerless production by Hollies producer Ron Richards . Like other great Hollies songs from that era , the songs on `` Hollies Sing Hollies '' convey the Hollies ' understanding of and appreciate for the trials and triumphs of romantic love , songs that will touch your heart and make you want to dance around the room singing with joy .
 The C.D. is great - pity that the `` jewel case '' was badly cracked when I unpacked it !
 Peter Gabriel is one of those few artists that literally has n't made a single bad album , or even a single bad song . If it 's got Peter Gabriel 's name on it , you can be 98.99 % sure that it 's going to be good . He is truly one of the finest performers of the 20th century , and has always been one of my favorite artists.But the thing about Peter Gabriel is he has never had a truly great comprehensive collection . Sure , ` Hit ' is a pretty good two-disc collection that covers the basics and several others , but it 's many miles away from being definitive . My favorite Peter Gabriel compilation -LRB- personally -RRB- is ` Revisited , ' because it spans his first two albums , released between 1977-1978 . But I do n't recommend that album for the casual PG fan.Now then , enough with the small talk . Let 's get to the review . ` Shaking the Tree
 So im at Media Play and i see this cd , the album cover looks as if its a new white rapper ... I get it back to the house and listen to it , skippin all tracks that sound like some love songs . There are only 2 that are good `` I get it Fired up '' and `` 2 of the Realest '' mabey `` the World is Mine '' can be in the best of this album . Im into gangsta rap , and gangsta rappers Mack 10 , Yukmouth , Gangsta Pat dont do love songs , especially more than 5 slow jams on 1 cd . sounds like hes trying to make songs for the radio or whatever , I do not reccomend this cd , it is not worth it .
 I mean , c'mon . The Stones and fans talk about how important the 1969 tour was , new guitar player , new live sound , new quiet audience . They were right , sure . But the 1989-90 tour was far more important . They basically got up and played song after song they never played before or at least not in many years . They never sounded that good live . They never stayed in tune thru the whole show before . Sympathy/Devil with the piano and congas just like the studio version . Where 's all the songs from these shows ???? Where 's Undercover , 2000 Light Years From Home , Salt of the Earth ? At least they included Factory Girl , good move . I 'm glad I taped the Atlantic City show off the air . Much better than this ...
 ... and I CAN NOT BELIEVE that no one mentioned the coolest/sketchiest thing about this album
 This concert recorded cd does not do justice to the band 's songs . Sound is poor .
 This concert recorded cd does not do justice to the band 's songs . Sound is poor .
 Oh yeah , THAT 's what we all wanted
 This is a horrible cd ! it is nothing like the studio cuts - and it kills the whole song . Especially You Cant Always Get What You Want ... Save ur money and buy Hot Rocks or Let it BleedSome advice - only buy studio cuts unless you specifically want it that way .
 The album was originally released in 1983 and found Edgar Froese working within highly-textured soundscapes , with a focus on rich melodies.This 2005 reissue is unfortunately an `` updated '' version by Froese , as he took what was one of his most solid efforts and tweaked the music . As controversial as this process has been with Tangerine Dream , Froese has jumped into the blueprint for change with his solo catalog.While Froese has constantly shown an evolving artistry , the original four numbers - clocking 43:09 - were fascinating in what they represented in their original form -LRB- which was some of the best music by Froese -RRB- . An important work is muddled , which shows - again - that all change is not good .
 He is a hell of a screamer and thats it !! Boring improvisations and a thin sound !! The band is quite good thoug ...
 Beware : People are advertising this product and only delivering beat up copies of Disc 2 only.Caveat Emptor!Buyer Beware .
 Do yourself a favor -- spend the cash and get the unedited Japanese version . `` Plays Live '' was originally 85 minutes too long , slightly too much for a single CD . The choice to chop four songs -LRB- `` The Rhythm of the Heat '' , `` Not One of Us '' , `` Intruder '' and `` On the Air '' -RRB- is really quite irritating , in particular because `` The Rhythm of the Heat '' and `` Intruder '' are two of my favorite cuts from this one.Having said that , let me talk a bit about the music -- its a really great great record , like I said , a good bookend to Gabriel 's first four albums -- the set is pretty evenly spread between `` 3 '' and `` Security '' , with a few songs from the first two albums . The performance is top notch , on the highlights disc , `` San Jacinto '' , `` No Self Control '' , and `` Biko '' are my favorite cuts , but the whole thing is really quite good.The Gabriel band of the era , David Rhodes , Tony Levin , Larry Fast and Jerry Marrotta , by this point were incredibly tight and superbly replicate the studio material , but shake things up enough to keep things interesting.Still , if you can get the Japanese release , go that route , I think you 'll be happier .
 ok , i know this was way back in the day but come on ! this album is just pitiful . The rhymes are some of the worst i 've ever heard , the beats are sub par at best , and the production value is just atrocious . The title track Swass is so bad it 's disturbing . How could something this bad be available to the average consumer . I guarantee you Sir Mix is hella embarrased about this one . If this is Swass , then i sure as heck do n't wish i was Swass . This album disturbs me .
 man , this album is phat . the title track , `` F the BS '' , and `` Buttermilk Bisquick '' , have more sweet raps than all of p-diddy 's albums put together . mix-a-lot has been dropping tricked-out heat rocks longer than anyone in the biz , and it shows on this record . he has elevated himself to the level of Abraham Lincoln , Ghandi , and Hitler with his pure genius . nothing on earth has ever touched me in such a way as this sweet album . ever since i picked up the 12 '' lp ... i have been a better person . rap on , mixy , rap on , and let those B.G. 's eat your dust , you loc-ed out O.G.holla
 Having been at one time obsessed with 1980s commercial music , I was rather late in buying Peter Gabriel 's `` Us '' given the amount I used to listen to his 1986 singles like `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' . `` Us '' had received , it is true , some rather ordinary reviews in such magazines as Rolling Stone and among books like MusicHound , but I still felt in certain moods a little guilty of not owning the record when I had bought a great many less critically favoured ones.I had known well of the despairing singles `` Steam '' and `` Digging In The Dirt '' for many years beforehand for the simple reason of their being played a great deal on classic rock radio in my native Australia.However , it must be said that the singles - tearful and neither by any means easy to listen to nor possessing amazing vocal or emotional qualities - are totally unrepresentative of the rest of `` Us '' . Nevertheless , the rest of `` Us '' really is despairingly slow and shallow . The remaining songs basically consist of seemingly exotic rhythms carried through a slow , meandering synthesiser that never succeeds in having any impact upon a listener even if -LRB- s -RRB- he listens really closely . Rather , the songs typify what the eccentric Joe S. Harrington calls `` world muzak '' with their almost new-age type feel - they move less than anything I have heard from Enya.Gabriel 's lyrics appear to be analysis of a type so distant from a listener that one wonders if he really is not a professional scientist dealing with music . On earlier singles , he at least gave some impression of feeling - something `` Us '' never even dabbles in.On the whole , it is a pity I did not follow the advise of the sceptics about this album - but I rarely do if I think I MIGHT like something . To be avoided .
 After a brilliant project like `` Passion '' , one would expect PG to hold on to some of that when he came back to pop.But it just ai n't so.Many of the musicians are the same . The artwork motifs are consistent . Some of the sound is still recognizable . But it sucks . The lyrics are weak , the songs are predictable , and the depth just is n't there . I was especially disappointed because it was promoted as an experimental album . The only experiments here are placed in such a way that only those involved in the recording would ever notice them.It 's especially sad when songs with potential , like `` Come Talk to Me '' , wastes away with a linear arrangement that drags for 7 minutes with little change . Not to mention songs that should n't be there at all , like `` Love to be Loved '' , where PG sings `` I love to be loved . '' The obvious has never been stated more ... obviously ! And then there 's `` Steam '' -LRB- what is this , a `` Sledgehammer , Part II '' ? -RRB- which sounds more like a safe bid for a hit and a Grammy than any kind of experiment . And the second half of the album I ca n't even remember well enough to rip on it -- it 's just plain unmemorable.If there is any good news here , it 's the song `` Blood of Eden . '' The lyrics actually took a little thought . I 'll also admit that the album has some very soothing moments , as did `` Passion . '' The big difference is that with the `` Passion '' album , the music speaks . And `` Passion '' did n't even have words !
 Being a big fan of Peter Gabriel from the days of his first solo album , I do n't know where he wanted to go with this record.It appears to be a fusion of popular '80s style music and ` world music ' . Not only does this not work , it actually got on my nerves . Perhaps many other people find this enjoyable , but for my money Security is the best buy . It brings new musical ideas to mind without forcing the listener to accept a new style of music that may not be pleasing to the western ear .
 A lot of people erroneously believe that Peter Gabriel is more artistic than his successor in Genesis -LRB- the incomparable small and bald Phil Collins -RRB- . It 's probably not all that unusual to mistake weirdness for artistic and weird he definitely was . Up until `` So '' and his newfound commercial success by virtue of the egregious `` Sledgehammer '' , a track filled with enough dull-witted , lame sexual euphemisims to make Foreigner blush . He obviously liked the feel a little more weight in his pocket and so he chose to retrace the awkward , fumbling steps that produced `` So '' yet again.It was a six year hiatus between `` So '' and `` Us '' and one would think that if nothing else PG would have come up with at least one or two new ideas , but it 's obvious this guy was aiming to produce a carbon copy of `` So '' for what we must imgaine to be purely financial purposes . `` Steam '' and `` Kiss that Frog '' pair up to form a vile , horrid kind of musical equivalent of siamese twins and in doing so , become the mirror image of `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' . Granted the lyrical content is different to each pair , but musically , the horns , dancey feel , and vapid pop are all the same side of the same nasty beast . The listener would not be surprised to learn that all were released as singles.The whining duet with a female singer past her sell by date is repeated again . `` Blood of Eden '' with Sinead O'Connor is not as wretched as `` Do n't Give Up '' lyrically , but O'Connor would be a downgrade from one of the Spice Girls , let alone Kate Bush . `` Come Talk To Me '' is a desperate plea for communication leaving one with the suspicion that Gabriel finds himself ignored or avoided quite a lot of the time , which really needs no further elucidation as to the probable reasons why . This track is utterly unconvincing as it ineptly attempts to be the album 's `` In Your Eyes '' . Another by now obligatory yearn fest from Gabriel fails to leave the listener sharing Gabriel 's pain , merely the experience of having to listen to it for over seven minutes . The live performance of this on the dvd was really laughably bad . Gabriel looking a bit like some kind of lascivious pervert dialing 900 numbers in a mock phone booth . At the end of the performance , he reached his hand out to the female singer Paula Cole -LRB- who had her back turned and appropriately seemed to ignore him -RRB- in a weird way and appeared to be striving to hit a very earnest , emotional response from the audience . Few performers do this so often so badly . On an aside , Cole who was totally unknown at the time of the Secret World tour , went on to eclipse Gabriel commercially by a long shot which must have really grated his nerves . He never could match Baldilocks Collins and now he was being usurped by his underlings . `` Digging in the Dirt '' tries hard to salvage a very poorly conceived album and although it has something going for it both lyrically and musically , it learns the hard lesson that one ripe apple ca n't save the whole rotten bunch . It 's the album 's `` Red Rain '' and they both establish that Gabriel is capable of writing good songs it 's just that it only happens once every six years .
 Why must the Stones overproduce all of their recordings these days -LRB- and for the last decade and a half -RRB- ? Why ca n't they make albums like Ya-Ya and Exile anymore ? Part of the beauty of the old Stones was that their records were a little bit rough , standing in sharp contrast to the whistle-clean songs of the Beatles . Maybe they should just hire George Martin from here on out .
 Imagine you are 16 and you just got a guitar . You learn a few old songs and without any real concept , record them . That 's what you have here . ... The Stones have lost it !
 Just wonderful , Edgar . Yet another aesthetic cosmetology job on an early analog classic . Ignore these fix-up fiascos from Edgar W. Froese and stick with the original releases . While you 're at it Edgar , why not do a touch up job on all the Tangerine Dream albums from the 70 's ?
 In similar fashion to my review of his 2nd album , this album never resonated with me emotionally . There 's something bland about it . 1 , 4 , passion , so , us , up ... all far superior albums to me . I 'm not a ` collector ' type of person so I had to qualms about giving this cd and 2/melt away.I did n't start listening to his music until within the past decade so the chronology and expectations based on reviews and how it follows from a previously released album are irrelevant to the way my impressions are formed , which is nice .
 This is just a re-hash of the stereo CD , it 's not `` re-mastered '' for multi-channel playback . You 'd be much happier with Pink Floyd 's 30th Anniversary Edition of the album `` Dark SIde Of The Moon '' or the Eagles `` Hotel California '' or Elton John 's `` Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '' ; these artists took the time and spent the money to do SACD right . Peter Gabriel is just trying to suck more money out of your pocket without any value added in return . Sure it 's a slightly better recording than the original CD but certainly not worth buying again .
 I 'm a Gabriel fanatic . I truly believe he is one of rock music 's most gifted artists.Now for the bad news
 I love the band but for $ 5.00 not worth the cash ... buy the whole album instead .
 To my knowledge , no other pianist , Cuban or otherwise , has tried to do a remake of Lecuona 's own piano solo recordings . I ca n't blame them , for with incredibly large hands applied to playing his own compositions , Lecuona had an unmatched advantage.Frank Emilio Flynn 's effort was noble , and he earns an E for effort , but get the original Lecuona recordings from the 1950 's and hear those . One good thing that Emilio 's recording does is to keep alive the piano music that was written and performed by Cuba 's best classical composer of mid 20th century , forgotten even by classical pianists today , Ernesto Lecuona .
 I was really looking forward to watching Cher do her thing . It said it was filmed at the Mirage in Vegas ? Such a small stage no room for her over the top numbers that I love so much . She wore better costumes when she and Sony did their TV Show . There was n't any energy at all , it was as if she just walked through her numbers . Not to mention her singing , it seemed off key . Like I said I 'm really disappointed with this DVD . Doubt I 'll ever watch again .
 Okay , first they cut the hell out of the show when the put in on VHS and now they are cutting it even more on DVD . Where is Many Rivers To Cross , Tougher Than The Rest , Hold On , Take It To The Limit ? I pray the tracklisting is an error and we will get the full concert on DVD .
 This is a DVD of a TV special . It 's missing a couple of songs . My firs impressions of Cher were from seeing the Believe Tour on DVD and the Farewell tour twice in person and on DVD . This DVD is a step down . Granted , it 's from 15 years ago -LRB- or so -RRB- when concert technology was n't as cutting edge as it is today . I found this concert to be kind of a snoozer as far as a Cher show goes .
 Tony does make some interesting points -LRB- which by the way have nothing to do with time management but life management -RRB- , but I can buy an entire audiobook for half the price . So 4 stars for `` chapter 1 '' , but -3 stars because this is an overpriced teaser for the full $ 300 set and no disclaimer that 's all this is . You do get a discount for converting , but that 's more than I care to spend especially after being had .
 ... Sorry , guys , I think that the cover says it all . Totally out of focus and falling apart . I much prefer his later work .
 yes , the tracks on this album are quite good . but my problem with this disc is the recording quality . granted , these are old recordings , but the archaic `` hiss '' that accompanies old country blues recordings is not the annoying `` hiss '' on this CD.i bought this lighnin CD and returned it the same day ; try ` double blues ' or ` lightnin ! ' . if you want some early lightnin , the BEST set is the ` complete alladin recordings , ' for its price and number of tracks .
 This dud of a live album finds the Stones phoning in fairly uninspiring renditions of songs at breakneck speed . Shattered loses its sleazy groove to the double time pace ; Let Me Go feels like the throw-away track it was on Emotional Rescue . Only Under My Thumb , grossly underplayed in concert , and Going To a Go-Go are worth the price . Satisfaction sounds a lot better on Flashpoint as does Start Me Up . The must have live Stones albums still are Love You Live and Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out . For die hard collectors only .
 Whoever chose these tracks to capture the energy of the '81 Tour should be shot . Bootlegs serve as evidence that this document could have been much more exciting . There are a handful of highlights
 I can only recommend this for people who specifically want a live album from the 1981 tour and do n't have the wherewithal to find or trade for free bootlegs . This is definitely not a good place to start if you are just beginning to build or replenish a Stones music collection . This recording just does n't sound very good . There are several 1981 bootlegs floating around that actually sound better than this commercial release . If you want good live Stones albums , you must get Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out and Love You Live . Got Live If You Want It is also fun to listen to because you can really hear and feel the hysteria of their early 1960s UK fans . The Four Flicks DVD set from their 2003 concerts is also better and a good value . If you still have enough money left over to buy this one , you can probably find a lot of secondhand copies or maybe start looking for bootlegs .
 How could anyone with even the vaguest idea of what makes the Rolling Stones great award this cd more than a star or two ? This disc documents the Stones at their absolute nadir . If you like the idea of hearing the band play enormous stadiums while Jagger is at his preening , self carictured worst , and with Keef and Woody at their most inelegantly shwacked - then this is the album for you . A weird selection of poorly performed tunes . Ack .
 If you have n't read one of my prior reviews on these 2009 `` remasters '' -LRB- notice the quotes -RRB- by the Stones , than I 'll say it again . I really want to get the point across to fellow Stones fans and newbie fans who are just starting to discover the magic of the Stones.In late 2008 , Universal Music acquired the rights to the Rolling Stones ' catalogue from 1971-2005 , which had been owned by Virgin Records since 1994 , and prior to Virgin 's acquisition , had been owned by Columbia Records from 1984-1994 -LRB- and if we want to get technical , every album from ` Sticky Fingers ' in 1971 to ` Undercover ' in 1983 were released on the Atlantic label , so it is safe to say these recordings have changed hands a fair share of times , but that 's another review altogether -RRB- . Curious , I went out to my local CD shop and bought a few of these new remasters . I had read horrible things and on the contrast , great things . I bought ` Tattoo You , ' ` Steel Wheels , ' ` Dirty Work , ' ` Sticky Fingers ' and this one , ` Still Life -LRB- American Concert 1981 -RRB- ' just to see what I thought . Well , let 's just say I was itching to sell them almost immediately.First of all , whoever remastered these should be shot . The sound quality on all of these are absolutely disgraceful . The crowd noise on ` Still Life ' is almost deafening , and it really gets in the way of the music . The original 1990 Columbia pressing and the 1994 Virgin remaster sound great -LRB- I own the Columbia version , which is what I am comparing this to , and a friend owns the '94 Virgin version , so I have heard them both -RRB- . This one is a classic victim of the loudness war.Mick 's vocals are muddled , Bill 's bass parts are deafening . I could keep going on and on , but I wo n't . The bottom line is this
 A lot of these songs are from the concert they gave that was broadcast live on -LRB- now defunct -RRB- ON TV . I did n't have ON TV in 1981 , but I listened to the simulcast on the radio . But I did n't know it was going to be on when I turned on the radio in my kitchen as I made dinner . I turned on the radio to here `` Let 's Spend the Night Together '' playing . And I thought , THIS BAND IS DOING A TERRIBLE RENDITION OF A STONES ' SONG . I did n't think the band was the Stones !! They sounded too terrible . But then half way through the song , I realized it WAS the Stones . Being a Stones freak , I taped the show , anyway . Then when STILL LIFE came out , I saw it was from the same show . And it had that flacid live feel I 'd heard on the radio . Mick 's voice sounds NOTHING like his voice on the studio albums . IT SOUNDS LIKE A DIFFERENT , AND NOT VERY GOOD , BAND . The Stones get really sloppy when they play live , and it drives me nuts . I really only like their studio albums . STILL LIFE shows why .
 A lifeless live CD . The highlight is 20 Flight Rock . Outside of that , this is a very wealthy band going through the motions . This is possibly their worst live album ever , even more so than Got Live If You Want It .
 I have spent no little ink this year reviewing the musical influences from my youth . A fair part of that youth involved an undying devotion to The Rolling Stones . I am not sure exactly when I first hear a Stones song although it was probably `` Satisfaction '' . However , what really hooked me on them was when I hear them cover the old Willie Dixon blues classic `` The Red Rooster '' . Perhaps you will recall that song was banned , at first , from the radio stations of Boston . Later , I think , and someone can maybe help me out on this , WMEX , a local rock station , broke the ban and played it . And no , the song was not about the doings of our barnyard friends . But , beyond that it was the fact that it was banned that made me , and perhaps you , want to hear it at any cost.That event began my long love affair with the blues . And that is probably why , although American blues also influenced the Beatles , it is the Stones that I favor . Their cover still holds up , by the way . Not as good , as I found out later , as the legendary Howlin ' Wolf 's version but good . I have also thought about The Stones influence recently as I have thought about the long ago past of my youth . Compare some works like John Lennon 's `` Working Class Hero '' and The Stones ' `` Street Fighting Man '' -LRB- yes , I know these are later works -RRB- and I believe that you will find that something in the way The Stones ' presented that angry , defiant sound appealed to my working class alienation . But enough . I will close with this . I have put my money where my mouth is with my preference . When the Stones ' toured Boston at Fenway Park in the summer of 2005 I spend many -LRB- too many -RRB- dollars to get down near the stage and watch old Mick and friends rock.That said , no all Stones work is of the highest quality nor should one expect it to be after over forty years of ups and downs as a group . This CD is one of the downs . Sure , all the key songs are here but the quality is off , way off even accounting for the problems inherent in live performance CDs . Everything , including Mick 's voice sounds tinny . Please look elsewhere for better examples of the work of this seminal group of 20th century rock .
 Believe it or not , this guy has actually written some fairly decent songs , but you wo n't find any of them here . His solo career prior to this was idiosyncratic and frankly , just plain weird . It was n't terribly good to begin with and it relied too heavily on the sounds of the era to warrant being regarded as particularly unique , but still songs like `` Solsbury Hill '' and `` Biko '' were genuinely good . But then the spell is broken.I suppose you do n't rub shoulders -LRB- or in this case knees against shoulders -RRB- with the mighty guru of flop-pop , Phil Collins , without learning a few techniques on how to pitch a product that no one sane could conceivably want by making it so sanitized , so lowest common denominator , so glossily over produced , and so commercialized to the point that even the cynics had to get up and boogie.Prior to this record , PG was n't selling on the level that I guess he felt he should have been . He must have undoubtedly witnessed the rise to pop prominence of Phil Collins and the three stooges collectively known as Genesis while simultaneously turning more than a little green with envy . It 's usually the moneky that does the imitating , but this tour de force of musical quackery finds PG flinging feces as efficaciously as Phillip the chimp ever did.Well , let 's start where it hurts the most . No points for guessing it was `` Sledgehammer '' , a song truly deserving the dubious distinction of being perhaps the worst song ever written , produced , and performed shamelessly and seemingly ad infinitum in a show of public humiliation that would give a masochist something to aspire to . PG finds himself wandering dazed and confused down the precarious corridors of Tom Jones territory on this embarrassment . Bad sexual euphemisms from a middle aged man apparently intent on conferring sex symbol status on himself in spite of the nagging suspicion one gets that he probably spends more time apologizing to women after making love to them than anything else . `` Do n't Give Up '' , here our hero employs an old Collinsian trick of trade as he explains what a loser he is while proceeding to weep unashamedly into a woman 's skirt -LRB- a guest starring Kate Bush -RRB- . This latter element is unfamiliar in Collins ' bag of tricks and I think that 's because most of us assume he probably could n't get a woman anyway . I believe PG composed this trite , pseudo-inspirational ditty with the expectation that people would find it uplifting and encouraging . In a manner of speaking it is , I guess , insofar as one can be eternally grateful that they are n't Peter Gabriel . `` Red Rain '' , not a terrible song in and of itself . It suffers from really bad production and a really bad 80 's sound . The lryics try hard to save it , but fail dismally . Later live versions would however find this track redeemed to some extent . `` Big Time '' , sort a declaration of intent . I suspect PG knew what he was doing from the start with this stinking refuse of an album . `` Big Time '' is our hero apparently daydreaming and frothing at the mouth as he envisages just how much his transformastion to the tried and true Collinsian formula of flop-pop is going to enhance his commercial profile and thusly his pockets . A very serious contender for worst song of the decade , along side its hideous sibling , `` Sledgehammer '' . `` In Your Eyes '' , there are certainly far worse moments on the album than this track but that of course is hardly a ringing endorsement . PG scrapes the bottom of the barrel once again for Collinsian tricks and comes up with a ca n't miss approach , a love song so vapid and emotionally cliched and empty that it would make Mick Hucknell blush . The only silver lining here is that the song is wisely kept under control at about 5 and a half minutes while live performances have seen this carnage carried out for 11 plus minutes to the chagrin of all but the deaf or comatose . This is also an example of PG 's growing interest in African percussion , highlighting that he abuses musical stylings the world over with equal opportunity.The rest of the album is just filler and I 'd be surprised if PG himself would even recognize the titles of his own dubious ventures into the domain of the swill , so bravely pioneered by one , Mr. Phil Collins .
 I bought this CD cuz of the song `` Sledgehammer , '' and I was really dissapointed when I found out that the rest of the CD was n't good at all . Song after song , it was so boring listening to .
 This was n't my kind of singing . Peter sounded like he was straining to get his words out , though I must say the instruments used in the songs were well done -LRB- drums were especially good -RRB- . The only song that impressed me was the very first track on this album , Red Rain.This is a CD you 'll regret buying . You 'll find yourself sitting in your room -LRB- listening to this perfectly horrible collection of nursery ryhmes -RRB- rueing the moment you handed the cashier your hard-earned money ...
 This was a very disappointing album when released and it has n't grown in stature over the last 20 years for me . `` Red Rain '' gets the album off to an incredible start and really faked me out . Metallic percussion returns and adds a high end back to the sound . `` Sledgehammer '' is okay for a hit single , but weak for Gabriel . His vocals do n't fit with soul music at all . `` Do n't Give Up '' is an interminable Kate Bush duet that in no way justifies it 's 6:30 length ! The only other A-class material here is the superb `` In Your Eyes . '' It is such a strong song it makes me flabbergasted to think that the awful Roseanna Arquette is the inspiration for it ! The rest does n't merit much discussion one way or another . This was the last Peter Gabriel solo album I 'd bother to buy .
 This is just a re-hash of the stereo CD , it 's not `` re-mastered '' for multi-channel playback . You 'd be much happier with Pink Floyd 's 30th Anniversary Edition of the album `` Dark SIde Of The Moon '' or the Eagles `` Hotel California '' or Elton John 's `` Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '' ; these artists took the time and spent the money to do SACD right . Peter Gabriel is just trying to suck more money out of your pocket without any value added in return . Sure it 's a slightly better recording than the original CD but certainly not worth buying again .
 This was so hyped in the media and I was so excited to get it . It really let me down . There was n't the volume of music nor the quality of sound that was advertised . I love the artist but this left me flat .
 One of the soloprojects of Tangerine dream spokesman and longest staying member -LRB- in fact the only original member at the time of writing -RRB- . This album is very melodic , and strangely this makes it quite mediocre . Froese certainly has an ear for melodies , but the more abstract , ambient feelings so closely associated with Tangerine Dream is here lacking . This album rather sounds like that ... called `` classical music on synths '' -LRB- read
 Firstly , let me stress that the poor rating I have given this release is in no way a reflection on the quality of the music contained on the disc . John Fahey was a great musician whose extraordinary guitar style had an enormous influence on many aspiring players , me included.BUTThis reissue of the Best of John Fahey is a disgrace , and Brook Records should be ashamed of themselves for treating this important music with such little respect.Of the fifteen tracks only two have been given their correct title on the sleeve . All of the titles listed are present but in an almost totally different order to how they actually appear on the disc itself . It is hard to imagine how they got it so wrong . The consequence of their incompetence means that the majority of the purchasers of this disc are going to be under a complete misapprehension as to the titles of the pieces presented.My advice is to not bother with this compilation . Brook Records certainly do not deserve your custom or to be the custodians of music of such significance as that which is presented here , which should be preserved for posterity in a far more respectful manner . This is music that is not just great to listen to , but is also historically important and deserves to be treated accordingly . Not in the ramshackle manner in which it has been on this release by a record company that , from the evidence here , clearly has no interest in the quality of their product , let alone such trifles as historical accuracy.For anyone who has the misfortune of having already purchased this title , here is an amended track listing corresponding to how they actually appear on the disc .1 . Dance of the Inhabitants of the Palace of King Phillip XIV of Spain2 . In Christ There Is No East or West3 . Poor Boy a Long Way from Home4 . On the Sunny Side of the Ocean5 . Revolt of the Dyke Brigade6 . Some Summer Day7 . I 'm Going To Do All I Can for My Lord8 . Spanish Two Step9 . When Springtime Comes Again10 . The Last Steam Engine Train11 . St. Louis Blues12 . Spanish Dance13 . Sunflower River Blues14 . Give Me Cornbread When I 'm Hungry15 . Take a Look at That Baby
 kim has a great voice but sorry her stuff sounds very dated , u can listen to bonnie tylers old stuff and it hasnt dated . still sounds as good as her new stuff
 whatever you do please do not buy this album . as a verve fan since i first saw them in 1993 i was hoping against all hope that somehow richard ashcroft could possibly rebound from his steady decline since the end of the verve . however , this album sinks to a low which i could never imagine . he has become a middle of the road balladeer with none of the fire or passion which set him apart earlier in his career . upon buying this album a friend and i listened and were overcome by the sheer ridiculousness of the album . we actually laughed more than once at the overblown lyrics . what exactly is `` restless swagger '' anyway . say your hopes and money on possibility nick mc cabe will one day make an album to remind us all why the verve were great .
 How can a guy blessed with such a tangible , emotive voice be making such mediocre albums ? He loses his band mates , spends more time with the wife and kid , and mellows out . You 'll find none of the excruciating despair or alienated angst of Ashcroft 's work with the Verve here . He 's happy , the songs are happy . Everything 's peachy ... that is , except the album . When Ashcroft , the undisputed master of melancholic love songs , shows up on other people 's records -LRB- see The Chemical Brothers ' `` Come With Us '' or UNKLE 's `` Psyence Fiction '' -RRB- , he delivers . So why , a fan 's got to wonder , does n't he expose that edginess when the limelight 's squarely on his gangly physique ? I give up .
 I 'm a fan of Richard Ashcroft and the Verve , and loved `` Alone With Everybody . '' However , `` Human Conditions '' does n't even come close to his prior work -- including the fantastic `` Urban Hymns . '' In fact , I was surprised how uninspiring `` Human Conditions '' is . It 's a sorry departure from his traditional hypnotic , edgy tunes . `` Human Conditions '' is filled with ten forgettable , banal songs without a single one that I would call `` catchy . '' I truly hope his next CD returns to his trademark sound .
 what can i say ? ... we 've got another Sting here ... this album -LRB- isnt good -RRB- , sorry that guy from Munich . . i love Munich Philarmonic , but sorry , this album is terrible . why do n't u try Shining 's True Skies , it 's not as good as Verve , but it 's definitly better thant this one !
 The line is tapped so I must be brief , this album is so ponderous , that verve fans will find themselves crawling the walls looking for an exit sign . Terrible ... its all a rehash nothing new here at all , so believe what you want but the second coming this aint !
 Richard Ashcroft is the Sting of his generation - a man of immense talent , charisma and ego who , despite all his efforts , is a much more effective bandleader than a solo artist . I was listening to The Police 's ZENYATTA MONDATTA the other day for the first time in years , and marveled at how creative and energetic Sting sounded back then with the great Stewart Copeland and Andy Summers backing him up . But it goes without saying that when those two `` spark plugs '' were gone , Sting became the dull adult contemporary star he is today . His ego would never allow it , but Sting desperately needs The Police back together to regain any creative respectibility.The same goes with Ashcroft , whose records with The Verve were some of the most beautiful , creative , soul-searching recordings of the 1990s . URBAN HYMNS , to continue the Police analogy , was their SYNCHRONICITY - an album where all the band 's strenghts seemed to come together -LRB- shoegazing space jams , blistering rock , lush and introspective ballads -RRB- . Ashcroft was without question the star , but you could feel the tension of the rest of the band pushing him and , it turns out , tearing themselves apart.Now a solo artist without anyone to tell him `` no , '' Ashcroft has recorded two CDs that are essentially extensions of `` The Drugs Do n't Work '' from HYMNS - heavily orchestrated self-confessionals that grow tiresome quickly . It 's fine to record a song or two about crying out to God , how you 've got the `` blues , '' how your drug taking days are over , how you found the love of your life -LRB- Heaven sent , no less -RRB- . But every song on HUMAN CONDITIONS follows these themes , with Ashcroft making what he must consider to be a Grand Statement On The Mysteries Of Life , but with lyrics that come out horribly simplistic and cliched . Spiritualized-lite , if you will.The lyrics get so tiresome on this CD that I found myself paying more attention to the music itself . Ashcroft 's first CD , ALONE WITH EVERYBODY , was much maligned in the press and with his fans , but to me - at least sonically - it was an extension of what The Verve had achieved with HYMNS , and was a beautiful sounding CD with quite impressive production -LRB- especially through headphones -RRB- . But Ashcroft must have believed his critics , for HUMAN CONDITIONS is stripped down to a fault , with one restrained , mid-tempo song after another . Most of the songs slide by without any catchy melodies , instantly forgettable.There are some songs that rise above the others - `` Bright Lights '' is the closest this CD comes to a Verve-sounding rock song , but is marred by an annoying tabla courtesy of Talvin Singh . `` Buy It In Bottles '' is a pretty song , but essentially a rehash of `` Drugs . '' `` Science of Silence '' steals the chorus of `` Lean On Me '' to catchy effect . And `` Nature is the Law '' wins the award for ambition alone , as Ashcroft not only imitates Johnny Cash , but brings in Brian Wilson for an overblown , Beach Boys-esque chorus that acutally sounds closer to the choir chants you hear on a Vangelis soundtrack . It has to be heard to be believed.But those are the exceptions to an otherwise lifeless CD that is a backwards step from his solo debut . Ashcroft desperately needs the energy of Verve to achieve the spiritual heights he 's obviously striving for . Let 's hope he heeds the warning before he joins Sting and Phil Collins on a supermarket muzak station near you .
 Sorry to bash this album , Richard Ashcroft is one of my all time favorites , however this effort is awful . If you are a fan of The Verve , buy his first solo album `` Alone With Everybody '' - Great Album ! Unfortunately , he seems to be going downhill with both lyrics , and sound -LRB- If you are familiar with what happened to Morcheeba - it 's the same - CHEESE -RRB- If you are a fan of The Verve - stick with The Verve - this was a let-down
 why richard ashcroft after a fantastic first album follow it up with such trite as this ... god check the meaning is boring mediocre twoodle and the rest of the songs all sound the same i bought this when it was first released and it sat gathering dust of ages until the other week i decide too give it another go because i heard he 's releasing a new album new year and thought i would get in the mood for some great vocals and what i got was a depressing boring whingey album of twoodle i love buy it in bottles and bright lights but the rest sound like something you would expect from the over-rated i mean OVER-RATED band radiohead not from a guy that gave up three classic albums with the verve sorry richard this is craphope you pick up the pace with your new album and go back to the glory days of the verve
 A new record is out , and I want to know if it is good . I already know the previous work of Moby Grape and I do not need Sam King telling me how good the group is . He is right but redundant . I want to know if there is anaything new on the record that I have not got or heard . From reading the 8 reviewers , I see no mention of any new material . I assume that everything on the record is recycled from the original releases and several previous compilations . A proper review might then begin with
 Moby Grape is absolutely the most over-rated group to emerge from the late sixties . What little appeal they might have had is mitigated by the ridiculous claims of their followers , i.e. `` better first album than the Beatle , Byrds , Stones , Airplane et al '' . At best , this is a highly debatable claim . At worst , it 's a complete falsehood -LRB- my view -RRB- . Spence 's work on the first two Airplane albums is better than his work with the Grape thanks to the far superior vocals of Marty Balin/Signe Anderson/Grace Slick and the intiguing guitar interplay provided by Casady , Kantner and Kaukonen.I 've tried to get into the Grape , several times . But the hype is such a turn off . Particularly when the group fails miserably to live up to it .
 I 'd give this 0 stars . Dream Street is five kids put together to make bad music . This CD sure proves it . Why is the you-can-be-a-pop-star-while-you 're -10 thing so `` in '' ? Buy something more mature like Dido or John Mayer .
 Im sorry , but , if you `` pre-teens '' want the independence you crave so much , - you have to earn your parents respect . By listening to THIS , youre lessening your chance of ever getting there . Im mean , come on ! You can tell that these poor kids do n't even want to be doing this ! Pft ! - `` Dream Street '' . I wonder how long it took them to think of THAT name . No wonder these `` boy-bands '' are losing the popularity they once had to artist who can atleast WRITE THIER OWN SONGS . - *
 Ugh , what are boys that young doing flashing skin ? Wait till you 're at least 12 or 13 , sweetie . I 'm sure every single reviewer here is a very , very young girl not yet exposed to truly excellent music . Well , we 'll let them enjoy their little preteen fantasies , I suppose . But a more mature person such as I will not tolerate fakes like this who only got into the business because they 're cute little Backstreet Boys clones . Go ahead and say my review is unhelpful , honey , you know I 'm right . And wtf are they doing stealing Play 's song ?! Those girls at least can sing and do n't flash skin . Stay away if you 're a mature , decent human being . But childish little preteens of the world , unite !!
 Thank god this group broke up ! I defenately dont understand why they were even a group in the first place ! Theres no talent there !
 Obviously you people do n't know real music . Here 's some good bands , in which members play their own instruments instead of making millions off lip singing , like these kids probably do
 I 've never heard this album , but would you really want something with a cover like that ? Like all lousy , did n't - write-their-own-songs boy bands , this one 's album cover shows all of their heads impossible to miss . But this time , a generic teenage girl 's bed occupies the bottom 5 inches as she dreams exclusively of 1 no-name . While this is a decent attempt to water-down the shock of seeing the 5 boys ' disembodied heads , a black space would be much more pleasant to look at .
 First of all I am not under 13 . I just did n't want to give out information . I have n't heard this cd , but i have seen them perfrom on Go For It and they are terrible . They can not dance and their songs are cheesy . If I were u guys , I would listen to S Club 's new sound . They songs are way different then before . I never liked them before until `` Do n't Stop Movin ' '' came out and now I love all of their songs . Listen to `` Alive '' , `` Do n't Stop movin ' '' , `` Dance '' , `` The Greatest '' and many more . The S Clubs new sound rocks . Trust me , go with S Club .
 I absolutely loved the Dream Street songs on this CD ! They definitly could have been the next N'Sync if they stayed together ! Ruby Blue songs were cute and all , but they 're not exactly my cup of tea ... The Chris and Play duet was okay . Chris did awesome ! But I really do not like Play 's voices at all ! Sorry Play fans , but that 's what I think ! I recomend buying the Dream Street debut CD instead of this soundtrack !
 As you grow up , your voices mature . They are suppose to get better . This did not work for Dream Street , unfortunately . Their debut is so much better , even though Jesse was what , 14 and sounding as Aaron Carter did when he was 11 . I think it 's highly unnecessary for a soundtrack , just because they are in the movie , to have 65 % of the songs theirs . The only songs I really liked on this is `` I Say Yeah '' -LRB- which is , again , WAY better w / the original version -RRB- and `` I 'm Gon na Make You Love Me '' , even though I dislike Play , I thought the song was pretty cute and Chris added a nice ` flair ' to it .
 Get the following Le Orme albums -LRB- in this order -RRB-
 Glen Campbell has recorded some very fine interpretations of love songs over the past 35 years . This album , even though it 's a recent recording , is way below his usual standards . Dreadful arrangements that were probably meant to recapture a 1960 's feel and a terribly flat and uninvolved vocal performance on most of the tracks.On top of that , the CD clocks in at barely half an hour of playing time , most of the selections are in the two-minute range . The only halfway decent rendition here is probably Jim Croce 's `` Time in a Bottle '' with some nice guitar work . The other eleven tracks drown in female sing-along-choruses and soupy strings that sound as if recorded during a Vegas showroom practise and patched over Glen 's uninspried vocals as an afterthought.If you look for moving Glen Campbell ballads check out his work with Jimmy Webb , especially the `` Reunited '' album that gives you 75 minutes of some of his best recordings of the 1970 's and 1980 's - and they even sound a lot better !
 These same 12 songs are on CD # 2 of GC 's MY HITS AND LOVE SONGS , which has a total of 18 tracks on the new recordings cover tunes , meaning you 're missing six tracks if you buy this version of those recordings . CD # 1 on that set is a repackage comp from Campbell 's Capitol albums , a mixture of his hit songs and ' 68 - '75 album filler . If you 're looking for these tracks , this project , pick up MY HITS AND LOVE SONGS 2-CD set .
 I got this CD for a buck and I want my buck back . After seeing some positive reviews and seeing that it reached # 1 on the college charts , I decided to risk a dollar on this incredibly bland `` bookbag rock '' . I should 've known better . Inbetween laughable Dave Matthews impersonations and shockingly mediocre Neil Young karaoke , you get his take on `` what if Trent Reznor accepted Jesus as his personal lord and saviour ? '' on Track 11 `` Permission '' . With no hooks to speak of , an annoying Christian bent , melodies that recall the worst 70 's AM farm radio ever and covering up your inability to create anything even remotely catchy with electronic instrumentation , it all makes me wan na upchuck in my shorts . Damien Rice , Badly Drawn Boy , even Pete Yorn are doing what this guy is attempting to do and can actually DO IT . Seek them out , let this guy fall off the radar for good .
 Everybody his believe , but why bother other people with it ? If you go to church every sunday and believe that some guy died on the cross for your sins , by all means buy this cd . When you 're a rational person and do n't need the imaginary comfort of some all knowing , all good god , please spend your money on something better than this .
 Just goes to show that it 's publicity that builds record sales and not necessarily talent . Not a standout by any means .
 I was excited when I heard that Fugees ' Lauryn Hill was releasing a solo album.If I had known that this album was basically rap I never would have purchased it.Lauryn Hill has a beautiful voice that is n't even used in this album ...
 What the hell is this woman thinking . If u r going to swear on a CD , swear . Dont just make the entire cd edited . -LRB- O wait she cant , she is supposed to be the great role model -RRB- Doo op is one of the worst songz i have ever heard .
 This is the worst CD I have ever heard ! It 's absoultely terrible ! I ca n't belive that it 's number 11 . This woman has no talent ! All of the songs sound the same , and the best way to describe her voice is a cat being strangled . Miseducation ? Ha , I 'd say that .
 It is amazing to me the incredible lack of astuteness of the buying masses in reference to modern music . This CD is one of the most mediocre offerings for any performer in any category of music . However , that does n't matter if MTV sees Lauren Hill as fit to be their latest darling . Judy McGrath , who is MTVs chief , states , &Ograve;Weve cast ourselves as a place thats forward looking . Yourre always trying to invent new stars , and thats hard work.&Oacute; -LSB- pg . 176 of Fortune Magazine October 27 , 1997 -RSB- Believe it .
 Hey people . . those of you who feel compelled to either dis or defend this album based on comments the woman may or may not have made in an interview or concert ... it has no place here . This is to reveiw the album . So , that said ... this was by far the worst $ 13 I 've ever spent . I literally threw it on the shelf after one listen and I 'm sure I 'll never bother again . Terrible , Terrible , Terrible . The Grammy 's should be ashamed of themselves for being bullied into handing out awards to be `` politically correct '' . Can you say `` Milli Vanilli '' ? Ugh ... this album could signal the downfall of western civilization and true art . Bad ... bad ... bad .
 I do n't understand what all the excitement is about this album . I found it an absolute waste of time and money . Lauryn Hill has a beautiful voice but she wastes it by rapping . I found maybe two songs that were worth it , but the rest was disappointing and in fact irritating . Two thumbs down , and you should think twice about buying this album , because it will find your junk drawer as a cozy home .
 Okay , where do I start ? First there is that piano repeating that same annoying motif over and over again in `` Doo Wop '' -LRB- DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DING all throughout the song -RRB- And then some songs like `` Ex Factor '' and `` Superstar '' just drag out and end up putting me to sleep . `` Everything is Everything '' may be the only decent song on the CD . And what are those interludes ? I bet twenty minutes of this entire CD consists of those kids talking in class . No wonder this CD was almost seventy-eight minutes in length ! Her ideas are good , but maybe she should just write a book instead .
 Well , that about says it , except for adding that she also ca n't sing worth a damn and her melodic sense is nil .
 I bought this CD partially due to the hype that surrounded it and in part because some friends said it was a great album . I was thoroughly let down . From top to bottom this CD is an overblown piece of mediocre noise . If Lauren Hill is the epitome or pinnacle of hip hop then hip hop is a dead category . This CD heads to the used bin when I head back to the CD store ... absolutely a piece of trash .
 Why indeed ? This will never do -- as one critic , Croaker , said of John Keats . Oh that Ms. Hill was an Emily Dickinson or even a Jennie Lind ... Why the toneless sound , chasing vainly after a melodic line and harmonic consistency ? Why the baby-talk intonation ? Why the absence of simple voice quality ? Can anyone distinguish even a single word -- without cribbing it first from album notes ? I see her old CDs are a whopping $ 2.99 . Doubtless that is becuz they have been played down to scratches . -LRB- Scatches r better ! -RRB- It is possible to sing greatly without much voice and a one-octave range , but only if you are Billie Holiday . I knew BH , and Lauryn ... you are no Lady Day !
 THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG GOING ON HERE . LAURYN HILL 'S ALBUM IS BEING TOUTED BY THE CRITICS AS ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS SINCE STEVIE WONDER 'S `` SONGS IN THE KEY OF LIFE '' , AND MICHAEL JACKSON 'S `` THRILLER '' . YET WHEN YOU LISTEN TO IT YOU CA N'T HELP BUT WONDER WHAT THE HYPE IS ALL ABOUT . I KEEP WAITING TO HEAR SOMETHING ORIGINAL AND INNOVATIVE THAT I HAVE N'T HEARD BEFORE . I 'M STILL WAITING . SO IT IS ONLY NATURAL TO ASK YOURSELF WHY ARE THE CRITICS REVIEWING THIS ALBUM AS IF IT IS THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME ? THE ANSWER IS THAT EVEN BEFORE LAURYN HILL THOUGHT ABOUT A SOLO ALBUM , THE CRITICS ENDLESSLY CALLED FOR HER TO DO SO . THEY TALKED ABOUT HOW GREAT IT WOULD BE . THEY POINTED OUT THAT SHE WAS THE TRUE TALENT OF THE FUGEES . BUT WHEN THE ALBUM CAME OUT , QUITE FRANKLY IT WAS DISAPPOINTING . BUT NOBODY LIKES TO EAT THEIR WORDS , SO THEY GAVE IT THE REVIEWS THAT THEY THOUGHT IT SHOULD GET BACK BEFORE THEY EVEN HEARD IT . I 'VE HEARD IT , AND I DO N'T LIKE IT . I DO N'T CARE HOW MUCH MTV PLAYS IT . I DO N'T CARE HOW MANY GRAMMY 'S IT WINS . IT IS NOT A GOOD ALBUM IT WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY . I THINK THE ALBUM SHOULD BE RENAMED `` THE MISLEADING OF THE AMERICAN PUBLIC '' . IF YOU ARE ONE OF THE FEW WHO HAVE NOT BOUGHT THE CD - DO N'T . BUY WYCLEF 'S `` CARNIVAL '' INSTEAD . SINCE `` THE CARNIVAL '' HAS BEEN RELEASED , WYCLEF TOO HAS SOLD OUT , BUT THE ALBUM IS STILL GOOD . IT IS RIGHT IN LINE WITH `` THE SCORE '' . I SHOULD N'T EVEN HAVE TO TELL YOU TO STAY AWAY FROM PRAS ' HORRIBLE FUGEE-PUFFY HYBRID `` GHETTO SUPERSTAR '' . LAST WORDS
 I can only assume that some cruel , but well respected music critic , gave this noise a high rating as a joke to see what would happen ... and sure enough , a mindless , Stepford nation followed his lead . Surely , he is now sitting back somewhere , laughing hysterically and thinking `` GOTCHA ! '' My assessment of this dreadful noise is this . Imagine your worst enemy making the most unpleasant noise he can make for an hour or more , never going up nor down with the irritating pitch , but going on and on and on with the hideous , evil , suicide-inducing sound until it becomes utterly unbearable . That describes perfectly Ms. Hill 's prank/joke of an album . Absolutely the most hideous noise/sound I have ever heard . Raise your hand if anyone can say truly say that they play this CD often and enjoy it ? Do you know anyone who plays it ? Now , raise your hand if you were duped into believing this was music but now realize you were the victim of a cruel joke . AHA !! I thought so : -RRB-
 I was excited getting this album after hearing the heaps of acclaim from reviewers . What a soulless bore . Neneh Cherry did this with more brains and heart , for god 's sake .
 I would neve waste one dime on this racist artist .
 would like to know where you got that info on lauryn hill saying she 'd rather her kid starve than let her cd get in hands of a white person ... i am a ` white ' woman and am considering buying this ... cuz i like her values and morals that i heard her sing of when a friend played ` to zion ' for me . i am a christian and i rarely listen to secular stuff , but consider buying this ... but not if she hates ` white people ' . would like to know the source of your info , lem .
 If I ever hear another song from her again , I 'm just going to go freakin crazy !
 The current status of Hip-Hop -- like the current status of Heavy-weight boxing -- is rife with cats and chicks taking dives and pulling punches for instant fame , their names in neon and the Big Payoff . As a result , there are no real contenders willing to challenge other artists and listeners . While Hill 's album has bright moments , the music is dull and repetitive , her vocal range is limited , and she tends to oversimplify situations . When you put this album within the context of current music , it is being lauded because there is no one out there giving Lauryn a challenge for the lyrical title . And the public , gorged to death on Puffy and those pimping our nostalgia , hungers for a real pugilist .
 The Grammies really do n't make a difference . look who was nominated - Shania Twain , Madonna , Backstreet Boys ... and Lauryn Hill . Go figure , the committee has poor taste in music . You have to understand that in order to receive a nomination , your album must have sold at least a million copies.Nothing special about this album at all , it sounds just like any other hip hop/R & B album . `` Doo Wop '' is incredibly overrated and overplayed , right down to Lauryn 's own Busta Rhymes knockoff in the song . `` To Zion '' and the title track among others make this album quite a drag.If you want to hear a truly amazing album , check out the latest releases by Leah Andreone , Sprung Monkey ... or , better yet , the greatest album in the '90s , `` Fantastic Planet '' by Failure . They will truly knock your socks off ... this wo n't .
 Lauryn Hill music is trash . I love all types of music and why she is so popular is a mystery to me . I do not enjoy her `` music '' at all .
 no no . this `` flash-in-the-pan '' will fade from all our minds in a couple of months . this is not genuine stuff , it seems to be contrived or tries too hard . please dont make any more records and take that Medusa `` head full of snakes '' hair-do with you .
 I think this CD is a case of the `` emperor 's new clothes . & quot
 Shocking , after all the press , to finally hear this album . Easily among the most pointless , meandering music ever committed to CD , and that 's saying a LOT ! This could be in the dictionary as the definition for `` bad R&B . `` Its kind of ironic , given the flap about Hill 's supposedly racist remarks , that she has produced one of the `` whitest '' albums ever . And I do n't mean that racially . I mean it in the sense of whitebread -- dull , tasteless , featureless , all fluff and no nutrition.If you want to hear rap , buy Biggie . If you want to hear devotional music , get an old Bob Marley record , or listen to Curtis Mayfield , or hell even Public Enemy . If you want grooves , there 's a million good alternatives . Who needs this ?
 Music has always been a gift from god and that something like this gets all that credit is really sad . Lauryn has moderate talent , but nothing to write home about , and her voice is really pretty little , weak , and thin . Is that supposed to be sultry or something ? Whatever it 's supposed to be , I 'm not buying it . I agree with the fan who said that this was like the emporers new clothes , and the one who said that the Grammys had bad taste , as they nominated Hill , the insane Madonna , the bland Backstreet Boys , the whining Celine Dion . They just do n't nominate what 's real . I mean , everyone knows Madonna , but does that give her automatic artistry ? Hell naw . Underground music is , sadly , the only place for good music , with Miles Davis , my friend Kurupt , who does n't fit in with TV , and the great Clifford Brown , who never got his credit . Yes , underground is the way to go . Underground rap , Jazz , and other music that is not just catchy . Buy Kurupt 's KURUPTION ! and also please buy Miles Davis 's KIND OF BLUE , or Clifford Brown 's WITH STRINGS , and check real talent that IS NOT FAKE !!!!
 This is even more brain-dead than the average rap CD . She 's certainly pretty enough ; why ca n't she hire someone to write her some decent songs to sing ? Or one even .
 Bought this cd and listened to it three times trying to see what the fuss was about . I then sold it on e-bay . I would like to know what is so great about this music ? It totally escapes me . And I was further unimpressed when Miss Hill went on stage with a Bible in her hands . Why do black singers have to pretend that they are such religious fanatics ? Please spare me !
 I have to say that I bought this album after hearing Lauryn 's success at the Grammy 's . On listening to it I could n't get over how extremely boring and tedious it was . `` That thing '' is an excellent song as is the bonus track `` I need you baby '' . I have heard so many albums in the past year that deserve 100 times more praise than Lauryn recieved for this album ... an example would be the `` Corrs '' & `` Lighthouse Family ''
 She has a good voice and all , but she really needs to think before she goes and starts talking . For example , in the song '' Doo Wop , That Thing , '' she 's basically dissing women that have `` hair weaves like Europeans . '' But if you notice her hair in the video - guess what ? She 's wearing a hair weave too , or else a bad wig . I ca n't tell . In the song `` Superstar '' , she 's dissing rappers who sample 70 's music . But what 's that in the background of the song ? A retread of the Doors ' `` Light my Fire '' ! Somehow when I was listening to `` Superstar , '' the words `` KILLING ME SOFTLY WITH HIS SONG '' took on a great deal of significance . And her rapping is obviously jocking Lil Kim 's style -LRB- without the cussing , of course -RRB- I could have sworn I heard the line `` It 's all About the Benjamins . '' Look , she 's a good singer and all , but on this album she 's overly opinionated to the point where I did n't really like this album .
 I buy about 3 or 4 cd 's per week so when I heard about this one I wanted to get it . I returned it to the store , because it did n't live up to all the hype . I was really disappointed.There was one ok song , but it was n't worth buying it for that .
 i love hip-hop , r & b , soul , etc. before buying this cd i was glad at the fact that lauryn hill released her solo album . as soon as it was released in Korea , i ran to shop & bought it . but i was very disappointed . the songs were so boring & did n't appeal to me . i have a doubt about the praises & awards this album have received . this one absolute is n't worth them . those awards should have gone to faith evans or mary j. blige .
 This Cd came out in this age of political-correctness , spiritualism , self-introspection , social-issues consciousness , etc. . That 's why it has won the Grammys . Otherwise , it 's just one long boring sermon , exalting Ms Hill 's views and beliefs .
 Although I 'll admit this CD has its charms , I firmly believe that it should not garner a five star rating . The detriments to this album include the following
 My sister bought this CD and said it was great . My mother wanted this CD , so I bought it for her . I heard my mother playing it , but could n't figure out what was so great about it . Give it another chance , I said . I stole the CD from my brother and listened to it all the way through ... I was not impressed . Yes , Lauryn is beautiful and has a beautiful voice , but I for one , do not like her talking through some of the songs . For example in `` Ex-Factor '' which is a great song -LRB- I ca n't get it out of my head -RRB- , but is that `` yo yo '' necessary in the background ? I also like `` To Zion '' . `` That Thing '' is nice , but overplayed . This album did n't change my life or anything . I 'm glad I borrowed my brother 's CD , because I would 've felt that I wasted $ 12 or $ 13 on an extra copy for myself . Two stars , one each for Ex-Factor and To Zion .
 This CD is n't worth the hype it has been given . It 's okay but that 's it . Just okay . Her messages are clear but too preachy in my opinion .
 Lauryn Hill is an extraordinary human being and singer . she is very smart and her music sends a message it kind of teaches you . She makes you listen kind of like a gospel album . It 's a spiritual thang . You Go Lauryn !!!
 A sad time for music . How could a RACIST that takes other people 's music win 5 Grammies ? It must be the 90 's and the political and liberal agenda at work . If you want REAL R and B , pick up Stevie Wonder , Roberta Flack , the Delphonics , etc. .
 this cd was definatly composed of a unique style of music . This was definitly not one of my favorites , although i have heard worse .
 She 'll get a truckload load of Grammys but this album will still be weak and flimsy no matter how many she gets.Stiff rhythm as per usual for Hip-Hop and dreary lyrics as usual.At least she 'll make that truckload of money her investment manager is looking forward to .
 i mean it wasnt that good sounds not unlike anything we havent heard before . whats the big deal . I guess if your a critic you have to say its good because you have to be politicaly correct . I mean gosh darn she 's black and shes singing hip hop.Who would dare go against that right ?
 This album , is so full of phony music , `` Lauren , honey you dissappointed me , I guess I 'll stick to the Fugees , rather than on your solo '' This album has no real freshness , it all sounds the same , all the songs are of about the same beat , there is nothing that lift my soul to even want to sing along with her lyrics , the only one is that last song , in the album , which is an oldie just revised to a new version . I really thought she could have done a lot better especially with winning all those grammy 's .
 If Sade were n't a recluse , there would n't be room or need for this repetitive and tired album by Lauryn Hill . Nothing new here , nothing honest . It 's all a creation , and it 's pretty annoying.Give me music that is n't so safe .
 Although I am not denying Ms. Hill 's obvious talent , it seems as though this album falls short in the Hip Hop genre . This is more of a womens ballad that is clearly not intended for the hard core hip hop fan . I has anticipated some hard core cuts on the joint but was truly disappointed . R&B fans should really like this .
 Not just highly overrated , but quite possibly the most overrated album of all time .
 This is one of the most overrated and frankly unbearable efforts I 've ever heard . Pure trash ... I do n't see the appeal at all . The songs sound like they were all written in one sitting , with no real thought or care . Bottom line , save your money or spend it elsewhere .
 I truly ca n't understand WHY people can actually enjoy that stuff . I know that she 's a talented singer , but the songs that she sings are really bad ! Why ca n't she sing a melody instead of rapping on and on ? She was much better when she was in `` Sister Act2 '' . My apologies to the people who enjoyed the CD . Thank you .
 I was really excited about getting this c.d. `` Doo Wop '' has been one of my favorites songs recently , but when I listened to this album I about died !!! It was soooo boring . I do n't see why everyone is so `` excited '' about this c.d. `` Ex = Factor '' is the only other song I would consider okay . She has an okay voice , but the music was just slow and boring !!! Overall , it 's a waste of $ 15 .
 I find it somewhat interesting that every review for this album is to the extreme , either one star or five stars with very few in the middle . That should tell you something about mainstream MTV-glorified music
 The CD was a bore . It is has been done over , and over again . It is time to get original and stop the xeroxing of music . I was hoping she would be different but I had to spend 15.00 to find out she was not . I 'm still trying to figure out why she got 5 Grammys , and then it hit me . It was a rerun of the last 4 Grammy shows , because the same music keeps winning over and over . Anyway save your money because I 'm sure you have this CD already in some form in your library .
 i would give this less cuz shes a terrible person and artist ... the only reason i bought this cd is because she said she would rather have her kids starve then a white person get her cd ... well ... im waiting !!!!!
 This , like most rap , is cliche drivel . It is `` audio entertainment '' for people who either 1 -RRB- do n't like actual music 2 -RRB- who do n't know better . Very unlikely to stand the test of time . The hype and gushing surrounding this CD is almost unbelievable until you think `` Hey , people liked Milli Vanilli for a while too . '' Trendy garbage .
 in this album i just like 3 or 4 songs so i just saying that this album do n't worth anything
 i did n't think the album was worth my money at all . plus , i was shocked to find that she 's racist against whites , and in my opinion does n't deserve any respect . she said that she 'd rather that `` no white people buy her music . '' good enough for me . if she 's like that , forget her . she lost my respect . she 's obviously very disturbed . i used to like her and support her , but when i heard what she said , to the trash with her .
 The Fugees were tight.Lauryn Hill by herself ... is not.The unbelievably annoying shrill piano tone melody of Doo-Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- will haunt me for the rest of my days ! This album can not possibly stand the test of time , or any other test for that matter . Do n't waste your money . -LRB- Or bandwidth -RRB-
 just want to say that I am a musican and I am so sick of popular music ! pretty girls and pretty boys thats all they are ! no talent I bet if they had to write and play their own music they would be lost ! all you people that think she is so great should go and take some music lessons.get a little culture , buy somebody that has something positive to say.stop letting the radio and the gramys -LRB- thats a joke -RRB- decide who you listen to their are so many more talanted muscians out their , this stuff here is kiddy music GROW UP AMERICA !!!
 I am baffled as to what people love about this CD . Lauryn Hill 's image is great , but her music is below mediocre . And it 's boring . Just because you have a positive message does n't make you a good musician . There is no funk . The beats suck . That Thing is one of the most irritating songs I 've ever heard . Seriously , people ... You need to think for yourselves . This album is all hype and no substance . Oh , and comparing her to Marvin Gaye is just a crime . The Fugees are great , but do n't be mislead . If you value funk at all , do n't buy this CD . I gave it 2 stars for the positive message , but the music deserves a 1 .
 Lauryn stated she `` would rather see her children starve than have white people buy '' her trash . Heavens , I do n't want no kids starvin ' .
 this album is wack the only 2 songs on here i like is1 nothing even matters2 ex factory but other then that i was so diappointed when i bought this album 8 years ago i was salty this is the worse album i ever bought in my life besides whats the 411 by mary j blige
 I think this album was a piece of garbage . She can not sing , and she sounds like she 's whining . She messed up alot of songs by trying to put them in her own words . Next time do n't make any albums unless you have good music !
 For reference , I have been following Lauryn since I first peeped `` Vocab '' back on the Fugees ' first album.As for now , it 's years later , and she drops two deadweights and goes out on her own . I find the album is immediately likable , but only two of her songs can withstand repeated listenings . As a hip-hop junkie , I still like the first track , filled with clever -LRB- albeit a bit soft -RRB- battle rhymes . And as a hip-hop junkie , that 's all I like . The rest is a bad mix of hip-hop and R&B , which seem to be mixed just for the sake of mixing hip-hop and R&B . The results are songs like Ex-Factor , an otherwise perfectly lovely song if it were not for the ultra annoying `` yo yo yo yo yo '' background Lauryn insists on putting in.Oh well . I was looking forward for Lauryn to blaze the trail for the new generation of female hip-hoppers . Now instead of creating an exquisite hip-hop album , she made a sophmoric R&B album that is embraced by pop fans one month and totally forgotten the next .
 Can we say pet rock ? Oh also , if the album is so damn good , how come the singles are NOT being played all over the radio ? TOTAL HYPE ... Lets look back in 2 years and you will say `` who '' ?
 I 'd just like to say that every track on this CD is wack , except for `` Lost Ones '' . Lauryn Hill trying to sing makes me sick . She 's a much better rapper . That 's all I got ta say .
 I like to think that I am a fair and just music listener . I am also a huge fan of Hip Hop and R&B . I also like the Fugees and thought Lauryn 's contribution to the trio was fantastic . However , I am not impressed by this album at all . Alot of folks around me were raving about it and I did think `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- was really catchy , clever and cute . I listened to this album about 5x and on 5 separate occasions trying to hear the `` brilliancy '' and `` genius '' that the music critics are talking about . This album has been treated as though it were the musical equivalent of the second coming ! As far as I 'm concerned there are 3 good songs on this album ... `` Doo Wop '' , `` Nothing Even Matters '' and `` Ex-Factor '' . I do n't think Lauryn has a great singing voice either -LRB- sometimes it 's quite shaky and annoying -RRB- and she does n't have alot of vocal range and style . To me , she rhymes far better than she sings . I think that alot of the people raving about this album are caught up in hype , a good marketing campaign and propaganda -LRB- as well as major bombardment on the airwaves -RRB- . While I do agree that this album is unique in it 's sound , that does n't make it musical genius . As far as R&B goes , I 'd rather listen to a Stevie Wonder anthology or Chaka Khan any day . Ros
 utter garbage - give me $ 1.00 for every flat note lauren hill hits on this album and I would be a millionaire
 Wow , is this CD over-rated ! What are the Grammy judges trying to prove by giving this not-very-interesting CD so many awards ? They 've lost all credibility .
 Popular music must be in a pretty sad state if people rave so much about this thing .
 She needs to get her own material and stop copying the reggae lines and phrases from Jamaican musicians.She is embarassingly un-original and put quite simply
 she is a good artist for these times but she is overrated and stated.a few good songs but the music sounds all the same.it ai n't no thriller , songs in the key of life , what 's going on , sparkle , superfly.to be more blunt & honest it 's not as good as wycliff 's disc.he tried to something different at least.l-hill to me is a better producer than artist .
 I love Lauryn Hill , really I do . I especially loved her song , `` The Sweetest Thing '' on the Love Jones soundtrack , so when I heard all the hype about her new album , I was n't surprised . She has a powerful voice ... BUT this album is not for her . She only has , like two good songs -LRB- Ex-factor and Mahogany-the hidden track -RRB- but even those songs are just GOOD not GREAT . This album is highly overrated and was a huge disappointment . How she has won all those awards with this album is a pure mystery to me . Her voice is amazing , but the songs on this album just were not for her . I am so sorry I bought this and it pains me so much to remember that I did n't buy it on sale ! Do n't believe the hype , this album is not all that . Period .
 I do n't know why this gets all that attention . The CD , to be quite honest , did n't do anything for me . The only song that was that good was the Roberta Flack wannabe `` Ex-Factor '' . I think Lauryn tries too hard to sound like Roberta . I mean , this album and Lauryn herself got nominees that did n't apply to her . She 's nominated for best rap solo on `` Lost Ones '' , which was never released as a single . If they wan na play like that , why did n't they ever nominate the Dogg Pound 's `` Smooth '' , which was a masterful performance .
 I bought this cd because of the multiple Grammy nominations . I suppose my ignorance is that I do n't know the meaning of `` hip-hop '' . It is all rap ! I hated it .
 This entire Cd is the worst thing music can be , it 's boring
 I really do n't understand all of the publicity with lauryn hill . I bought her cd last year and loved the usual songs played on the radio but now it is one of the cds sitting on the lower level of my cd rack . SOme songs were real boring .
 Bah ! not worth much . hip-hop you say ? Maybe Bull-hop is more applicable here . get a clue about real rap artists miss Medusa !
 It 's funny , I can never figure out the music business and MTV any more . This is the most overrated , overhyped album I have ever heard , and yet they talk about it like it 's gods gift to music fans . I admit there are a couple of tracks on this album that I like , but the rest forget about it . Being a somewhat introspective person myself , I understand that this album is a personal expression of sort , but where is the melody on most of these tracks ? I love soulful , heartfelt music as much as the next guy , and I think maybe some other artists out there can learn that from Lauryn ; however there is n't much else in this album . I think Brandy is much better than Lauryn , but does n't get nearly the credit she deserves .
 THIS JUST GOES TO SHOW THAT THERE ARE N'T ENOUGH GOOD ARTIST AROUND , THAT THEY WOULD NAME A RAPP ARTIST AS BEST OF ANYTHING .
 After all the Press and the 5 times Grammy winning , I must say that This CD only is a ornament for my CD-Collection . It does n't grow on me at all ! There are a few nice songs on it , but that 's all ! All the Rest I skip away ! Sorry , but I do n't think to buy something more from her .
 I hope this artist gets beyond simple expression and learns to create music.We should n't suffer for her `` art . ''
 Celine Dion has put out the most memorable and sold CD of the 90 's , states Billboard magazine but laurin hill should try to learn from superiors like Celine when it comes to making a Cd . i do n't like hip hop and this did n't do any better . i recommend to buy Celine cd instead .
 I found this to be an exercise in unpleasant listening , musically , not lyrically . Just because you like soul or r & b does n't mean this album is for you .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill , is , expectedly , not as great as it is hailed as - how could it be - this is one of the most critically acclaimed albums of all time - no album could live up to that . However , it 's really not very good at all , even if I give it leeway , for being impossible to live up to expectations . The songs are n't musically special . And while a definite cut above most rap and R&B pap like Ashanti , etc , -LRB- for instance the songs are n't jarring and actually seem to try to convey a message about social and personal struggles -RRB- the songs still fail to leave much of an impression , be it musical or social . It seems that during some good songs like `` Everything Is Everything '' they came up with a good chorus , a good beat , but could n't figure out how to complete the song , so they interjected a rapping interlude . If like me , you ca n't stand most rap but are still open to future enlightenment of its type , this album will not win you over as a new fan of rap . It pretty much disrupts the whole flow of the songs . `` Doo Wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- '' is another example of a song that started out great , with an intriguing choir and horn arrangment , then had to develop into this rapping stuff that is smug and unenthusiastic in delivery and very unpleasant to listen to . Which leads into my next assessment . Lauryn Hill is not very likable . This album does n't really showcase her vulnerable side at all , and there is always a distance between the listener and artist , which there should never be on a `` soul '' album . For these reasons , I rarely listen to this album , but I would n't say it 's downright terrible .
 I could n't figure out what . But then it came to me . She is copying Bob Marley . I see it clearly now
 i tried to listen but i didnt like it.i think its not very good
 It 's sad to see this album getting so much attention because truly it was n't that good .
 I did n't like this album that much
 No , this CD is not as bad as one-star . But someone needs to balance all the 5-star reviews ... Face it , any CD that USA Today and People magazine rave about has to be pretty lame . I tried to like this CD , but it 's a bunch of bland , faceless soul singing combined with a small helping of very average rap.It 's a plus that folks are looking for women rappers , and willing to support them . But Lauren Hill is vastly overrated.Wanna hear the real thing ? Check out The Coup . Good rapping , great lyrics .
 I am the first to admit that Lauryn Hill has a very beautiful voice , but she did not show it on this CD . None of the songs caught my attention except `` Ca n't take my eyes off you . '' That was the only song that truly captured the beauty of Lauryn 's voice . In my opinion , Lauryn should stay away from the rap and stick to more ballads .
 Although you could never say that this album is a complete wash , it never even got close to tickling my mind , catching me off guard with a fresh , unexpected turn of melody or riddim or sound splash . It ended up sounding way too cliche ... and pardon the paraphrase ... but ... `` Everything she dropped was so tired . ''
 Lauryn Hill , former member of the Fugees -LRB- which brought out such great unoriginal remakes such as `` Kill Me Softly '' , which was actually a remake of an unknown band known as Pearl , hailing from the Reichstag in Germany -LRB- a political band ! -RRB- with Perry Farrell on bass . Her new single `` That Thing , That Thing , That Things , '' surprisingly has sexual overtones . What thing could that be ? But the album is excellent , bringing hip-hop into mainstream pop . Hip-Hop is finally becoming widely known and emerging into the mainstream . As a result we will benefit from more pop/mainstream albums from Lauryn Hill and pop/mainstream albums from other Hip-Hop artists . Good Going Lauryn Hill ! Hip-Hop is now accepted and everyone will listen to it ! FIVE BIG STARS !
 I picked up this CD because I wanted to hear what all the hype was about . She went to my high school -LRB- about 10 years after I got out -RRB- , so I figured I 'd support one of my homegirls . The stuff is thoughtful and heartfelt , but I really do n't feel like it speaks to me . She 's good , but there are so many better songwriters and singers out there , in hip hop , R&B , and other genres . I guess there are much worse things the American public could be listening to . With the exception of a few vocal lines and Carlos Santana , the music does n't have much substance . `` To Zion '' and `` Everything is Everything '' are probably my favorite tracks , if I had to pick . I 'm trying to be positive about this release , but it really fell short ; I listened to it about 10-15 times in full , at home and in the car , waiting for it to really grow on me , but it just did n't . I will admit that I 'm interested to hear what she 's going to do next . As for this CD , we 'll probably see a good percentage of them in the used CD bin before too long . Again , it 's only OK . Sorry homegirl ! I tried !
 When I first heard Lauryn Hill 's debut album , I was in my dorm room . Of course the music was played constantly for a week , so I heard the entire album before I ever bought it . When I did by it I was happy with what I heard . The album had something for everyone , Lauryn on the mike for the rap fans , and nice vocals for R&B fans . However , I was shocked at the amount of praise the album received . As a music lover I found Hill 's album to be quite sophmorish in composition . Most artist 's sophomore albums are mixes of styles and pull away from their signature style . Much of the anticipation for Hill 's album was based upon the love of her voice , not her rap lyrics . However , Lauryn mixed it up and did an `` OK '' job . But `` Album of the Year '' ? Hardly . Artists such as Faith Evans were left in the shadows by the media blitz . But Faith stayed true to her roots . She mixed heartful R&B with up tempo Hip-Hop and in my opinion produced a better all-around album . I must be honest and say that Hill 's album was nice and was not garbage . However , it is not the saving grace or even the second coming of Hip-Hop . Congratulations to Hill on her achievements , but do not forget who the Queen of Hip-Hop is ... Mary J. Blige .
 This is one overatted album ! The lyrcial content is nice . Very pleasent . A real upper , but nothing new or innovative . To say that she put so much of her soul into it is a joke ! Most of the time it 's just stuff like Superstar where Lauryn bitches about how fly she thinks it is . That 's no soul . That 's arrogance ! Some tracks almost make it . I do think of Forgive Them Father quite often . I alos like her vocals but they are so constrained by lay-overs like in Ex-Factor . She should only be singing one line at a time . It sounds more natural . There is a few good bouncy doo-wop songs , but that 's about all this album offers . It is no classic and will not be remembered as fondly 10 years from now as it is today . Peechy album , but there is quite a few others I would take to a desert island . I give it 2 and 1/2 stars .
 I like hearing Christmas/Holiday songs that are n't of the `` norm '' such as Bing 's classic `` White Christmas '' and his other seasonal favorites . I 'm all about hearing new holiday songs!Many artists have picked up on some obscure Holiday tunes and run with them . Being a Standards Vocalist , I do tend to listen to music and say , `` Hey , I 'd like to or need to sing that ! `` Bing is in fine voice here , that 's not the problem . If you are a `` Der Bingle '' fan I 'd definitely snag this album . The songs are NOT well known . That 's OK , of course , but they are not that good.The songs are , for the most part , undistinguished . There are n't any huge stand-outs and there should be at least one that has stood the test of time , esp . for Bing!Exceptions are the cute ` Round And ` Round The Christmas Tree , '' the light quick step , `` Christmas Is Here To Stay '' and The light swing-feeling , `` The Bells Rang . `` Other than those tunes , which I think you might be able to download on Amazon as MP3s , the others are ... well , not that great and I could n't find other artists who thought they were worth covering . The arrangements are mostly very dated 60 's styles -LRB- Bing Does Pop -RRB- and I do n't think they suit Bing 's voice . All are richly orchestrated with tons of background vocals.Hey , but it 's Bing , and he makes even some of these not-so-great songs sound light , breezy and effortless .
 There is a lot of background music in this film that never made this collection . Unfortunetly it was also some of the best music from the movie . Why do n't they put together `` real '' soundtracks that include all of the artists used ? Instead they always give us their own watered-down choices . Bummer .
 I 'm sorry , but this `` soundtrack '' is trash . I do n't know who the moron was that made the decision to release this compilation of crap instead of the stunning , magical , hauntingly beautiful original score written by Thomas Newman , but whomever they were , we can dismiss the notion that they had any concept about what people actually listen to and spend their money on when it comes to motion picture soundtracks . Its true enough that there are people who enjoy the pre-recorded covers included in the soundtrack . Nevertheless , the magnitude of original score 's beauty renders the release of the songs only as utterly ridiculous . If I could have given this monstrosity a negative star rating I would have . If you are looking for the original score written by Thomas Newman , leave this one the shelves . Your ears will love you for it .
 There is only one good song on this whole album ... do n't waste your money unless you are super religious-then maybe you can relate to this music .
 It should not come as a surprise to long-time fans that Iggy Pop veered into a spoken word setting , since his gigs over the many years would find him dipping into Beat Generation-inspired gritty prose between songs.But besides the semi-autobiographical title track and a surprising solid cover of the rock-n-roll classic Shakin ' All Over , Pop seemingly does not have the motivation or lyrical focus for this style of performance art . Produced by Don Was , the album had one single - Corruption - but it ultimately fails to be that open door into Pop 's psyche after living on the edge for nearly a lifetime ; simply , a failed psychophysical experiment where the bulk of the 13 tracks sputter down a dead end street .
 Fans either love or hate this album . I fall into the later category for this is without doubt the worst Iggy Pop album , and quite probably one of the worst rock and roll albums ever recorded , bar none . The songs are unimaginative , the musicianship lacking and most amazing of all is that the production is completely incompetent , amazing considering super producer Don Was handles these chores . It surprizing that this did n't completely kill Iggy 's recording career . A prime example is the cover of `` Shaking All Over '' . The song shows potential then never takes flight , instead stalling and crashing big time . The Who never imagined the song this way , and with good reason . And its among the better efforts on the album . Try as I might , I just ca n't listen to more than a few minutes at a time . It is that bad .
 I 'm not a diehard Iggy fan , although I think his decade-old `` Brick By Brick , '' also produced by Don Was , is one of the bext albums ever recorded by ANYONE . Iggy always seemed to me like an unguided missile whose raw power required a solid producer like Was to focus and concentrate . So I was really hoping for this one . WRONG ! About a third of the cuts are -LRB- blessedly short -RRB- self-revealing personal monologues about whatever . BORING and who cares !! MMW are a terrible match for Iggy , I 'm afraid . I 'm surprised Was let this out of the building . Ten years have n't been kind to the WAS-Iggy equation .
 As a lifelong Iggy fan that owns everything he has ever recorded , it 's unfortunate to report that the great one is on a downward spiral . Avenue B is a boring , agonizingly unimaginative disc that sees his creativity burnt out . Even the songs with some potential ... like Nazi Girlfriend ... are executed with very little flair . I have played the disc repeatedly for years with the hopes of finding something worth remembering ... and it still falls flat . Even the single , Corruption , sounds like a bad Zombie Birdhouse out-take . The downward spiral continued with Beat 'Em Up ... an energetic rock album with more power ... but with embarrasingly bad lyrics from one of rock 's greatest poet lyricists . For golden Iggy ... check out Raw Power from the Stooges era , Lust For Life , The Idiot , New Values ... or for more recent solid Iggy , check out American Caesar ... his last great album .
 Do n't get me wrong I love Iggy Pop ... Hell I worship the guy ! He IS the `` Godfather of Punk '' . That 's why this effort is so disappointing.Iggy Pop has never been about being mellow , his music is for ebbing frustration as well as the frustrated . Power chords , sledgehammer lyrics and ATTITUDE are what we not only want but need from the likes of The Loco Mosquito ... well folks you get none of it here.It is n't that `` Avenue B '' is bad , it 's boring . Face facts kids , the word boring is n't something that you 'd think would be attached to Iggy . Soft crooning lyrics combined with over produced instruments is what 's here and it just does n't gel . Its not even that I do n't like mellow tunes ... you can be soft as long as the intensity is there ; However that 's absent too.I 've read the good reviews about this disc , maybe I 'm missing something . I 've spun it about 15 times looking for the groove that I 'm supposed to hit . If it 's Mr. Osterburg 's music , I give it every chance.The final word
 Sometimes Iggy gets lazy and this is one of those times . Sounds like he read from his diary and then the record company , in desperation , found someone to back him up . The cover of the Pirates ' `` Shakin ' All Over '' is classic . I do n't have the import version listed here with the live Paris shows . But remember , Parisians love Jerry Lewis too !
 I listen to NPR quite a bit and was excited when I ordered this CD . However , none of the stories on it were so interesting as to make me sit in the car and wait to hear the end . I think one of the `` This American Life '' CD 's would have been a better choice .
 I 've wondered for the last several years whether KMAX was a Christian . His interviews and songs being the source of this curiousity . In regards to his latest , I 'd read the lyrics before purchasing this album . It 's ok to `` go out of the box '' but do n't leave the Faith while doing so . lilmacumd@yahoo.com
 I 'm not categorically against mastering cd 's off the vinyl . I understand sometime it 's the only option available ; however , I have a hard time believing this is the best they could do . Plenty of hiss and crackle and the muffled sound found on vinyl that was poorly pressed in the first place . If you have acess to a vinyl copy , save your money .
 I was looking for Suddenly There 's A Valley and downloaded it as an MP3 . The quality is so bad that I would n't recommend this to anyone - unless you 're desperate for a song and do n't mind the lack of quality .
 Tired and lacking.Feels like he had nothing to say but had a record due . A few moments here and there but overall lacks any memorable tunes . Everybody can lay a fat egg and Robyn is human . Thank god for Moss Elixer.Avoid as a starting place but any Hitcher will eventually own it .
 It 's not the 80 's and it 's quite sad to see a fadeing artist try to be coy with silly lyics . Same ` ol same ` ol ... sad . .
 After hearing the singles ` Cash Machine ' and ` Tied up too tight ' i started to get excited by this brilliant new band that has arrived called Hard-FI , worth buying the album i thought.I was wrong.This is a commercial Indie band aimed at 13 year olds with only 2 good songs on , the rest are average b - sides at best.Then theres ` Hard to Beat ' . Well what can you say about this song.It has the worst lyrics i have ever heard in a song . Riddled with cliqued chart lyrics for commercial dance bands backed with a 90 's dance beat to go with this sorry excuse of a sell out record.If you like your music with these lyrics in - `` I know i love ya , just wan na touch ya '' `` You knock me off my feet '' , `` Lets spend the night together '' , and wait for it - `` I have never known a night like this '' then you will join the line with the rest of the teenage girl fraternity .
 I never got past the first song . I think an exercise CD should be peppy . This is n't
 not a great cd , i bought it for .80 i guess thats what i get
 Ivan Kozlovsky , the Great Russian TenorIvan Kozlovsky was the Great Ukrainian tenor but NOT Russian.Title of this CD was created as Russian propaganda . They use some latests records of Ivan Kozlovsky when he already was old . Some recordings are OK.But if you want to hear voice of young Ivan Kozlovsky where hesings Ukrainian opera arias go to web site : http://www.orpheusandlyra.com/Kozlovsky.html
 This album really is n't worth buying . The singer in most of the songs sound terrible . There is only a couple of songs that sound alright . The group that done this album is Disfunkshun , Inc. , which is people from other no-name bands put together to make these songs .
 This -LRB- or the music that I sampled -RRB- isnt even a tribute to staind ... it 's a tribute to Rage Against the Machine . I do n't know if this is Amazons fault or that this band is getting away with this?Very confused .
 I bought this cd at a best buy to have staind sign and the guitarist Mike Mushok Said that this CD Sucked.He went on to tell Aaron that he would let him listen to it in the bus . So on my way to the concert I put it in and I be damed it did . Just Horrible . The only value this cd is to me anymore is that it has their autographs on it . I later followed up with him on that cd and the case will be for my new copy of Chapter V. DO N'T BUY THIS ALBUM ! If mike says it sucks it sucks -LRB- I found out -RRB- . But check out the string quartet though . It is awesome .
 OK , I 'm a big Staind fan , and I thought this CD might be ok at first . Boy was I wrong . I had n't even got through half the first track , and I stopped the so-called music , took the CD out and snapped it in two ! -LRB- I actually did this -RRB- . I mean , Rage Against the Machine sucks to begin with , but what them trying to sing Staind 's lyrics sounded like crap ! What this CD really is is an insult to Staind . It sounded like Rage was trying to rap Aaron 's lyrics . Anyway , if Aaron had sampled this CD , I would have hoped he 'd have gone and kicked Rage Against the Machine 's a $ $ . That 's all I have to say about this wanna-be rock band 's insulting tribute to Staind , which is by far , one of the best `` true '' hard rock bands out there . -LRB- Sup ' to all my homy Staind fans round da ' world -RRB- !
 This is not even Staind ! Some retatrd needs to get his bands straight and ralize that Staind is a good band who has a message in their music .
 This sucks.Its not even staind.Why did n't they call it a POOR tribute to Rage Against The Machine ! They havent just got the name of the band wrong but the tracks too.THE TRACKS SAY STAIND TRACKS BUT ARE POOR REDITIONS OF RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE SONGS .
 Since Outside , Bowie became the new techno-jungle king , a vanguardist that push up the system with rupturists sounds . Earthling was his best album in the whole 90s , without a doubt . Hours was supposed to be the continuation of that new born man Bowie has made of himself , that one with orange hair and sensual voice , dressed in an England-flag suit , doing videos with Trent Reznor and all that stuff . But Hours is no more than a man revisiting his decadent past in the 80s , with boring and extremely long and dull songs . His voice dosent soud the same anymore ; this time it is still and fakely high-toned . The new age aura of Thrursday Child doesent help very much -LRB- and the awful video neither -RRB- . The only good song here is the not very original Whats really happening and Your pretty things are going to hell . The rest soud like Sting or something worse . -
 This is a tough review for me to write . Simply beacuse I 'm such a big fan of the guy . But we 've hit some familar ground here with `` hours '' . -LRB- I 'm not talking `` Hunky Dory '' or `` Low '' ground either -RRB- Hours seems to have a lot in common with discs like `` Tonight '' and `` Never Let Me Down '' ones in which , over-produced and boring songs make up the core of work . I find it strange to think that the same guy who wrote such wonderful tunes like - Fame , Life On Mars , Rock n Roll Suicide , Young Americans , Ashes to Ashes , Changes , Ziggy ... etc , could make such bland music . Do n't get me wrong and say I just like old Bowie , thats not the case at all . I think `` Earthling '' was pure magic and I liked `` Outside '' quite a bit as well . What on earth happened to that direction ??? I happen to own all David 's records apart from `` Never Let Me Down '' and this one - I just believe he hit a huge bump in the creative road.I do like a few tracks on here , so it 's not all throw-away . Seven is a fine number , it just does n't sound like Bowie . The Pretty Things ... sounds like a left-over from the Earthling sessions -LRB- which is fine -RRB- and well the rest , is rather boring.To me what has become lost is the energy and raw industrial feel of the last 2 records . I do n't hear that amazing band that I know is there and David 's vocals seem reserved and way too studio-esque . Now I 'm not asking for a techno record or a dance record or even a hard rock record . This is just a weak record by someone who rarely does weak records . `` Hours '' is better off on VH1 Storytellers than in your collection .
 It is a sad day for music lovers when you get an ad for an ISP each and every time you insert the disk into your computer . Is this supposed to be value added content ? Not very suave if you ask me.Music 4 + Advertisements -3 = 1
 There 's a couple of good track on Hours -LRB- Thursday 's child , Something in the air and Seven -RRB- but overall it lacks quality songs . The instrumentation is a bit too passive and sparse too for my taste . In theory that could 've worked well , since the lyrics are quite depressive and the overall mood is a heavy one , but it all sounds bit uninspired to me . Add to that the lack of inventive songwriting and you have a very mediocre album .
 David Bowie seems to have gotten pulled into the candy-coated simplistic pop rock genre that dominates MTV and radios all over the US.His new album lacks the unique and artistic style of usual David Bowie . Too many generic drum and guitar tracks.Don ' t bother . If you 're interested in buying anything , buy Space Oddity , the best album ever made .
 Strained and boring , this is Bowie without a clue . No follow up to his proposed trilogy , only two tedious albums of nothing to speak of bring us to `` Hours '' . A man that was once a role model is now a complacent bore . Too bad .
 I 've been a fan for 25 years . I had a ticket to his Roseland cocnert , but I was n't motivated to make the 5 hour trip . Today I listened again to Outside . Bowie , when he 's good is so very good ! When he 's mundane , as on Hours , its passe to the max .
 Expecting a good follow up for the previous `` Outside '' & `` Earthling '' albums ? You wo n't find it here ! Here is Bowie once again trying to revamp the past with numerous tries . Beginning with the dull `` Thursday 's Child '' -LRB- an attempt of the soulful `` Young Americans '' -RRB- , `` Hours '' illustrates some of Bowie 's worse work in years and makes even `` Black Tie , White Noise '' sound like a masterpiece . About the strongest Bowie gets here is during `` All the Pretty Things Are Going to Hell '' a post-Tin Machine sound which is more Gabrels than Bowie . `` What 's Really Happening '' and `` New Angels of Promise '' are a little bit more listenable , reminiscent to some of the tunes found on the bizarre but great `` Lodger '' album . Nothing new or striking really becomes of `` Hours '' it 's a post-post Bowie `` wan na go back to the past . '' For late Bowie fans -- beware ! But for the ultimate Bowie fans -- there 's some fun in comparison here , got ta have it to complete the collection . Come on , we lived through the `` Let 's Dance '' era , we can do it again !
 I 'd heard so many good things about this album , and must say that it 's the biggest disappointment I 've heard so far this year . We get Bowie sounding frankly bored while generic alt-rock guitars and miscellaneous noise try to capture the brilliance of his earlier albums.Listen to the album honestly , and count how many times Bowie actually hits a note or does something that does n't sound like a bad cover band lethargically ripping through parodies of his hits.Even Pat Boone doing metal was better than this .
 Utterly depressing . Do n't let anyone who has depressive tendencies to listen to this . They will surely be liable to damage themselves.Remedy
 I like _ most _ of Bowie 's stuff and generally like that he 's willing to reinvent himself while most of his contempories are still singing the same stuff they did in the 70 's , but I do n't like his sound on this one . He 's still a great musician and I do n't think this is trite or anyting , I just plain do n't like it . You might want to give it a listen cause I know it 'll apeal to some ppl .
 As long as masterpieces like `` Low '' and `` Heroes '' are available , there 's absolutely no reason for buying this plastic and commercial album . Many songs are just empty , flat-sounding pop fluff . After his more experimental mid - '90s work , this is a sort of sellout and probably a blatant stab at the record charts all around the world . Many people claim this to be `` fabulous art '' because it 's Bowie . O.k. , it 's Bowie , but this album is among his weakest .
 Expecting a good follow up for the previous `` Outside '' & `` Earthling '' albums ? You wo n't find it here ! Here is Bowie once again trying to revamp the past with numerous tries . Beginning with the dull `` Thursday 's Child '' -LRB- an attempt of the soulful `` Young Americans '' -RRB- , `` Hours '' illustrates some of Bowie 's worse work in years and makes even `` Black Tie , White Noise '' sound like a masterpiece . About the strongest Bowie gets here is during `` All the Pretty Things Are Going to Hell '' a post-Tin Machine sound which is more Gabrels than Bowie . `` What 's Really Happening '' and `` New Angels of Promise '' are a little bit more listenable , reminiscent to some of the tunes found on the bizarre but great `` Lodger '' album . Nothing new or striking really becomes of `` Hours '' it 's a post-post Bowie `` wan na go back to the past . '' For late Bowie fans -- beware ! But for the ultimate Bowie fans -- there 's some fun in comparison here , got ta have it to complete the collection . Come on , we lived through the `` Let 's Dance '' era , we can do it again !
 I respect Bowie since a long time . However , I must admit that this album , like many others from him , is inegal . It sounds like some of his 70s and 80s stuff . It could have been a genius idea to go without the techno-style this time . However , Bowie delivers poor songs on Hours ... , too long and superficials . I still like his sense of soft tragedy and urgence on some songs , but this is not enough to make a great album . Bowie , if you read this , `` Please stop to always follow the music culture year after year . Yes , great bands are delivering cool hits on the radio , with inovative sounds , but you should deliver your own tragedy with your trips , not with music producers , mixers and fashion musicians . You 're not Madonna . You 're Bowie ! ... more than an interpret ... a man with something to say about our little life . ''
 Still love Bowie but with this CD he seems stuck in the '80s without the flash . Too moody .
 Simply put , this album is really bad . Bowie should be embarrased at releasing such a piece of trash . There might be 2 OK tracks , but that 's it . The lyrics are depressing , the music is boring , and Bowie 's voice sounds as if it 's been electronically slowed down and drawn out . This will be the second Bowie album I trade-in as used . And it will be the last Bowie album I buy without first paying more attention to the critics and others .
 This album is an awful lazy attempt to do something different just for the sake of change . It fails miserably . It is so overproduced and glossy that it almost sounds newage . This is a clear sign Bowie has finally succumbed to the sad fact that he 's old . He is no longer hip . He has joined the ranks of Sting and his corporate whore status . To go from pioneer to lazy fad hound searching for someone to help him revamp his image . However , Bowie has n't embarassed himself like Sting . Sting has tainted his image and music so much that you are reluctant to put in his earlier stuff . Bowie just fails . He does n't taint his other music he just fizzles out and does n't move forward . Sting moves backwards . Eating up his respectability -LRB- i.e. Puff Daddy -RRB- . He was on to something with his efforts with Trent Reznor . Although I ca n't stand Trent Reznor . Bowie has been leaning towards electronic music for at least 10 years . Why he abandonned his progression for this trash I can not fathom . It is awful . He is trying so hard to do something different . He even tries to sing different . Some tracks are pitiful grasps at Zigginess . Others sound like they belong on some soft rock radio station . Bad Bad Bowie . He was one of the coolest icons in music . I 'm only glad I did n't pay for this drink coaster of a cd . I might sound like I ` m being to harsh but with Bowie the expectations are deservedly high and lowering them is not an option . Bad Bad Bad Bowie . You lazy lazy man .
 This album is by far the worst Bowie album yet , and I 'm including Love Ya Til Tuesday in that calculation . Bowie sounds flat and bored through the whole thing , and the music itself sounds like it was produced in two `` Hours ... '' . If you want a Bowie album , buy Outside or his older stuff . I was thoroughly disappointed .
 What the hell happened ? I was misled into thinking this album was going to be great . I hope Bowie does n't sing these songs tousher in the new year . I really have to question themajority of Bowie fans who thought this album was his best work in twenty years . Depression must be popular again ! And that 's the bottom line cuz stone cold and the future world series champions `` the atlanta braves '' said so !
 previous review was never printed . I will condense ... This was trash . Too bad . I WAS a great bowie fan .
 This album is so contrived . Thursdays 's Child is an alright song - but most on this sounds like a hollowed out rock star searching for some substance or pretending to have some and coming up empty . I loved the jubulance and even thoughtfulness that he had on all his 7o 's albums from `` man who sold the world '' through `` Scary monsters '' -LRB- although I never went for pin ups -RRB- . And some of his singles since then have been OK . But what is this - it 's like he 's not even trying .
 Diary of an unfulfilled pop star or sympathy card to his generation ? Does it matter ? Bowie 's 23rd album spares us another round of trend-hopping , opting for a more believable adult-contemporary groove , but his pathological ironic detachment makes him hard to take seriously as Love 's Survivor . Even so , this album did n't have to be so weak -- the emotional heft in Bowie 's songs has never come from him but his guitarists , from Mick Ronson to Stevie Ray Vaughan . A pity that Reeves Gabrels is such a cipher . His latest collaboration with Bowie is typically stagnant ; bloodless guitars and synths substitute half-baked `` moods '' for genuine emotions . As for lyrics , take your pick from obtuse , half-finished or banal . `` Sometimes I cry my heart to sleep ... Sometimes my courage fell to my feet , '' the auteur laments in `` Thursday 's Child . '' That would be drippy even if it did n't come from a billionaire married to a supermodel .
 This album is one of the most morose , dark , and just plain boring collection of songs I have heard in a long time . I do n't know if Bowie was trying to be `` deeper '' than usual , or if he was suffering from some deep depression when he recorded the material , or what , but I did not enjoy listening to this very much . I have every album Bowie has put out , including some imports and hard-to-find selections , and this one rates pretty much at the bottom of my list . Too bad -- some of the songs really had some potential , but they went nowhere in my book .
 Despite being a huge Bowie fan , I found this album to be very ordinary , which is difficult to say about anything by Bowie . There are a few great moments . `` Seven '' for instance is a fantastic stripped down song -LRB- well sort of stripped down -RRB- and is easily the best on the album . `` Something in the Air '' is great as well and I like the American Psycho Remix even better . `` If I 'm Dreaming my Life '' is the second best song on here -LRB- and 7 minutes long -RRB- . But overall , this album really lacks any emotion at all . On the above mentioned tracks it works very well , but with the other songs there seems to be no extra movement.I got the version of this album with the extra tracks and to me it 's not really worth it , except for the American Psycho Remix of Something in the Air . I did n't like `` The Pretty Things are Going to Hell '' even though it seems everyone else does . Belongs in his bad '80s collection quite frankly . But if you have to have everything by Bowie , then get it for those three songs and maybe `` Thursday 's Child '' .
 Following the pop stylings of his lazy 80s material , the meandering rock wankery of Tin Machine and the forays into electronica that ended with `` Earthling , '' Bowie managed to churn out one last album in the 1990s . Alas , the dreck he created was `` hours ... `` Truly , this is a marriage of many detrimental factors . First , Bowie 's voice is remarkably off-key in most songs . The vocal delivery is of the dryest and weakest sort . He sounds pitifully old on these compositions , and the bite that was heard on several tracks off `` Outside '' is nowhere to be heard.Second , the music itself is vacous and lacking . Melodies are weak , if not totally absent . The guitar work , unfortunately , is provided by that odious Reeves Gabriels character . A most disjointed and sloppy guitar slinger , his fretboard wankery only muddles already weak compositions . Thankfully , this is the last time his presence sullied up a Bowie album . Alas , his contributions to this work are painfully evident in tracks like `` The Pretty Things Are Going to Hell , '' which sounds like a banal stab at Iggy pastiche . Horrible.Lastly , the production values on the album are terribly slick and overwrought . `` Thursday 's Child '' sounds like a slow 90s R&B ; track with irksome smooth backing vocals . Other songs sound like Tin Machine compositions -LRB- * shudder * -RRB- . Overall , the way in which the album was mixed really hampers weak material.Sadly , the highlight of this album is the instrumental `` Brilliant Adventure . '' It sounds like it could 've been on any of the Berlin-era albums . Everything else , however , sounds tired and of it 's time . A bloody shame.Thankfully , the 2000s saw Bowie release albums that , although they pale in comparison to past works , clearly make up for this petty , ill-conceived piece of work .
 It was with much anticipation that I waited for this CD ... the last big one for the millenium ... unfortunatley I found very little to have been excited about . The music is bland , the lyrics are insincere romantic tragedy at it 's worse ... and of course this one might become popular in say , Europe ... but then again , `` Let 's Dance '' was an immensely popular album that shared in the lack of same substance `` Hours '' does . There are moments of brillaince throughout the CD , but they sound more like `` planned accidents '' than anything else . The final track , `` The Dreamers '' does leave one with hope though ... hence , two stars . Save your money and start a savings account at bowiebanc.com ... you 'll probably get more of interest there .
 I find this album very boring . All the songs are slow , and they all sound the same . To top it off , Bowie rarely SINGS on this album - he talks all the way through most of the songs . I 'm a huge fan of most of Bowie 's stuff from Space Oddity to Scary Monsters , but not a lot of the later stuff -LRB- except Tin Machine -RRB- and I group this album with all of the new music . Do n't get me wrong , this album is n't a complete waste of time . But I only ever listen to it on a rainy day while I read a book , and Bowie is capable of song writing that refuses to regulated to the background . I wish he would release something more innovative and creative again .
 It 's a fine album , just not for David Bowie . The man is a genius as his earliest efforts and his recent bold `` Outside '' prove , but this is not the CD of a genius . I 'll say it
 I used to love Bowie and decide to see if I could love him again . I listened to a lot of his latter work on youtube and liked what I heard of Hours so I ordered this version of it but found it was a poorly made reproduction of the original . Many of the songs have been slowed down to the point that they sound out of tune . Yet when I listen to the same song , from the same album on Youtube , I like it and it is n't out of tune.I do n't know if this is a poorly made bootleg or what .
 I was really looking forward to this record . After the never less than enjoyable efforts since Black Tie White noise -LRB- especially Buddha of Suburbia - superb - and Outside -RRB- I thought this would be a cracking CD . Instead it makes Never Let Me Down look fantastic . At least that had a pile of neat tunes . Hours is an empty , beautifully sung parade of tracks sung by a guy patently not feeling a damn thing . Nothing on this record appeals in the least . I also hate the sleeve-art
 Bowie will revive , providing he will use drugs again . I 'm saying this because he is going for another all time low . -LRB- The first was in the 80 's -RRB- Reason ? A real bowie album ` grows ' on you . The more you listen , the better it gets . But here it is the other way round . At first the album seemed reasonably nice , but after the fifth time I could n't bare it anymore . By the way the new videoclips are extremely boring and the guitarist Reeves Gabrels must be sacked .
 David Bowie , the curious man , the innovator of popular musics , the space-alien dilettante , the laurels-resting-upon richest musician in the U.K.
 Whatever could have happened to David Bowie ? Kidnapped by beer-swilling music execs , he has been transformed into Chris Gaines . It must be some kind of twisted plot .
 This is the third Bowie album in a row to be completely lacking in melody . Each overlong track is taken at a dull mid-tempo pace and none show the passion and spark of the vastly-superior Hunky Dory , the album to which this is being inexplicably compared . Another dud .
 This was a terrible disappiontment . I would have been satisfied with one song as half as good as `` Miracle Goodnight '' , but every song sounds like the vacant pop garbage that he played on Saturday Night Live .
 Nothing special here and if you are looking for an introduction into Mountain , this should n't be it.If you play `` Talk Dirty '' from Leslie 's late 80s album and the song `` Mystic Fire '' , guess what ? It 's the same riff . A good riff mind you - but I hope he does n't use it again ten years from now and name it something else.Get Nantucket , Climbing , The Road , Mountain etc. before you consider getting this .
 If I were an extremely well funded philanthropist , the first thing I would do is start a foundation . This foundation would have a large endowment with funds available for musicians that were once very famous , but have fallen out of favor for one reason or another - usually not for any other reason than the passage of time . And they have already paid their dues . A condition of accepting this large sum of money would be that they could NOT re-form or tour . Not to say that we would be better off with all the bands that were around in the 1970s not having any reunions , but I am quite sure that the majority of them would be much more comfortable -LRB- not to mention the potential for worsening their already failing health -RRB- without having to rehearse , record , and/or go on the road . Without question the surviving members of Mountain would be approved for a large grant from my foundation.There is no way on earth that one can compare this album to any of the old Mountain albums . I understand those who are big fans of Leslie and Corky giving them lots of leeway . And some may be so hungry for more Mountain they are willing to hear these two decrepit old men rock out . Some may even , if they squint their ears , be able to make out some of the characteristics that made Mountain such a great band . But on this album there is very , very little of their old selves that is evident . Maybe if they `` reinvented '' themselves , that is , they chose a different musical direction to explore they might find their niche . But they try to be `` heavy '' , and they do not succeed one iota.I feel bad . I did n't want to write this bad review because I love their old music so much . But I wish someone had warned me before I spent good money on this CD . Do n't be mistaken , though -- they are still one of my favorite bands of all time . I listen to `` Climbing '' , `` Nantucket Sleighride '' , `` Flowers of Evil '' and `` The Road ... '' as often as I do any other albums in my collection . And I was hoping that this album would be at least passable . Nope .
 Leslie West is said to be Jeff Beck 's favoite guitarist . That was over 30 years ago ... now Leslie is just a shadow of his former self in more ways than one . There are really no memorable guitar solos on this entire album ; plus his classic Les Paul Junior `` tube '' tone & vibrato are no where to be found . No really good songs or even guitar riffs either . I could not even listen to it all the way thru . If you want flat out ... to the wall rock , pick up the new Blue Oyster Cult , Status Quo , or Ted Nugent cds ; wait for this one to hit the cut-out bin .
 Very disappointing . Mediocre performances , and most of the songs have nothing to do with New York .
 This recording takes the dynamics to the point where some passages are barely audible and you have to strain to hear them and then as you 're straining and your ears are completely open and unprotected you get hit with the frying pan . It 's like being abused with music . An anxiety inducing recording . Tried listening to it numerous times , now I 'm either donating it to the library or perhaps simply throwing it as far away from my person as I can without damaging my rotator cuff .
 Fist of that version of the national anthem was the pitts!I mean all of those train and carrying on was ridiculous ! First off no one will and ever sing the National Anthem like Whitney Houston ! Beyonce did an alright job ! People are making that up to be something its not!Thank You for your time and consideration !! Sincerly Yours , A Music Major at Florida Stae University !
 This CD is not bad at all . But this CD make the music of India something terrible , like demons . I really do n't like this so-called India 's music CD .
 This is horrible music . This so-called musician poisons the instruments played here and commercializes them in a horrible way . No doubt out to make money , not true music . Uninspired and soulless !
 I thoroughly enjoyed Broderick 's first effort , but this one is a let down . Many of the same jokes are on the first CD . The only good part was the new songs he sings on this one , but they were not worth the price of the CD alone . If you have n't heard the first CD yet , buy it you 'll love it . If you have bought the first CD , Buy at your own risk .
 New Order & Joy Division is one of my favorite bands , This is n't a bad idea , quite a good one actually , what fails is the actual music itself , 2nd rate at best , Not all are , but majority is just that , not too mention gimmicky.If I look at this like it is a tribute album done by a website , I 'd say it is a accomplishment , major efforts and time consumption , and the people who are involved are big fans.If I look at it like a regular tribute release , It 's no better then any other tribute CDs , probably overall , a little worst then the others , It 's probably one of those albums that you listen to once , and said `` that was interesting '' and never listen to it again.As Spotnick2 said , `` he tries to stay away from tribute albums '' , my advice to all of you is , `` this one is no exception `` Not to mention , I have never seen so much Ego rubbing over a release of a CD of this quality.The Price is also too high , along with Community EP.So much better stuff u should spend 17-20 $ on , unless u live in a small world or you are really really rich ...
 Its ok for a single DVD . However , if you are looking for an extended documentary on his life , buy the big 4 or 5 DVD volume by Ken Burns , there 's nothing like it , and it spends quite a lot of time on Bird . Its a must-have for jazz fans .
 I agree wholeheartedly with the first reviewer - what is the point of this boxed set ? I have YesYears as well , and almost every other Yes cd . This boxed set adds very little that is new , and might only be worth buying for someone without any Yes cd 's , or who is new to listening to the band . Other boxed sets -LRB- Jethro Tull , Bob Dylan , Bruce Springsteen , Eric Clapton , etc. -RRB- were done very well by their respective record companies , and make a lot of sense.The one good thing about this box set is that -LRB- supposedly -RRB- all the music was remastered . If Rhino goes back and re-releases some of Yes 's albums with bonus tracks -LRB- as they are doing for the band Chicago -RRB- , I would definitely be interested in buying that .
 Confused ? I am . I consider myself a YES fan ... truly . The band has proved itself with no need to prove anything at all . The members longevity - especially the 2003 TRUE classic lineup on tour in Europe -LRB- sorry , Bill Bruford ! -RRB- is essentially enough . The incredible music stands alone - and bands like early RUSH and currently DREAM THEATER owe the root of their sound-engine to YES.My problem with this undertaking to produce this , is that unlike the Led Zeppelin Collection , for example - which featured all the albums , this collection if just full of cosmic rifts and incontinuity , and songs are missing - and songs are present that are nothing more than trivial nonsense . For example , if one sees the project as a span of time , real-time , then obviously `` Siberian Khatru '' should fall before `` The Revealing Science Of God '' . The presence of the studio track from `` Tales '' itself is questionable here , it would have fit better from the LIVE set from 1996 , when the band performed the piece magically . This would have placed the track next to `` Mind Drive '' , and the filler garbage from the post - Tormato sessions would have been swept aside . `` Mind Drive '' is misplaced here as well , `` That , That Is '' would be the best representation from the Ascension studio pieces . The band 's highlight of it 's entire career - -LRB- Jon Anderson agrees - -RRB- is not even included ... `` Awaken '' , from `` Going For The One . '' It is the greatest Yes song ever performed . Missing indeed as mentioned by an earlier posting is `` On The Silent Wings Of Freedom . '' How can someone place `` Release , Release '' ahead of that , and why is `` Arriving UFO '' included?Incredibly , offered on disc 4 are cuts from Anderson , Bruford , Wakeman , Howe . Never being a Trevor Rabin fan , those are the only cuts worthy of the 4th disc . Trevor was a misfit and took alot of great years from the Yes musical machine and ruined the band , and labors film scores nowadays - where he should have gone back when ! -LRB- YES with a number ONE single ? Alrighty ... -RRB- . After clear examination of the collection , one can clearly see the difference between the two boxed-sets in the YES archive . One has the ideals of Chris Squire , the other , by Steve Howe . The influence of each on each project is clearly illustrated by the inclusion/exclusion of certain tracks . This collection should have been titled `` My Tales Of Yes
 Yes . . In a Word ... What 's wrong with this picture , Box set number two released approximately 10 years after the first , including 55 tracks of which 5 are previously unreleased , one is an alternate mix -LRB- not far removed from the original -RRB- and one song with the original extended beginning re-attached . Besides the seven tracks mentioned are 40 odd songs that if you have all , if not most of the catalog , and the three Greatest Hits packages -LRB- Including Yesterdays -RRB- you HAVE them all ?!?!?! Were they even re-mastered ? Now fast forward a few months and the announcement of re-released albums with EXTRA CUTS ! Talk about fleecing the fans and collectors!The opportunity to include these cuts in the box was missed ! As well as the 3 live cuts from the Magnification releases that were conveniently distributed amongst three separate releases -LRB- that were in different stores to share the wealth ! -RRB- Also missing in action is the NOT YET SEEN ON CD acapella version of Leave It -LRB- not to mention the `` dance-mix versions '' which were extremely popular in the 80 's , BUT part of the 90125 `` mystique '' -RRB- The alternate -LRB- and much better -RRB- mix of Quartet
 This boxed set is a real disappointment . However , I blame the record label more than I blame Yes . The music is great ; no doubt . However , it 's just a rehash of songs I already own . I own every Yes album ever released -- and then some . The four previously unreleased tracks are not enough to make this set worth having ; especially since I already have YesYears . I thought that this set was going to include a lot more previously unreleased material . Yes definitely has loads of it.When it comes to boxed sets , Jethro Tull 's label did a great job with their `` 20 Years of Jethro Tull '' set . The vast majority of the `` Essential Tull '' CD of that set consists of previously unreleased live recordings ; not just a rehash of a bunch of studio material . Furthermore , the other two CD 's also have some previously unreleased material.I was expecting a really cool set from Rhino records ; even better than YesYears . Alas , I was very disappointed to see only four previously unreleased tracks from a five CD set . Two thumbs down for the Rhino label 's job on this one.In closing , Yes is phenominal . They are , without a doubt , my favorite band . So , if you are thinking about purchasing this as an introduction to 30 + years of Yes music , buy it now ! However , if you are a long time fan like me , forget about it ; unless you are a collector and must have everything Yes .
 The Sound remastering is indeed good but absolutely pales in comparison to the Japanese HDCD 's ... and even without the HDCD decoder the sound is the most pristine available -- GUARANTEED !!! ... especially `` Tales from Topographic Oceans '' -LRB- it was like really HEARING it for the 1st time -RRB- . They 're quite expensive and hard to find , but they are S-O-O-O-O-O-O-O worth it !!! Now , on to the actual product : If they would 've included HALF the bonus tracks from all the reissued cd 's from the catalog , then this would 've been a phenominal boxset -LRB- like `` Genesis Archives '' -RRB- and probably a bigger seller among Yes fans . I 'm one of those that thinks that this box is nothing more than an unabridged version of `` The Very Best of Yes '' double CD . Instead , they put all these `` rarities '' on reissues thinking that we 'll just buy their entire catalog again . Rarities are for BOXSETS -- their musical history is for `` Greatest Hits '' packages . Only a mere handful of tracks are true rarities , half of them are pretty uninteresting unfinished pieces.Adding some of the Drama demos or some of the XYZ -LRB- w/Jimmy Page -RRB- session tracks , which Alan White still has the master tape of , would have been great . I have these on bootlegs , but to own them in official release would probably have sounded much better . C'mon guys , you know we all want this stuff ... SELL IT !!!!! The `` YESYEARS '' box was more on the mark . Do n't get me wrong , the music is great , but between the original releases , the reissues and this box ... how many `` Roundabout `` s must we own ?!?!?!?!?! This is ok for those who do n't own any Yes , but you seem to be trying to milk $ $ $ $ from your true fan base .
 hi my name is ashley and i love N'sync they are so awesome and what do they want in a girl , would they go out with a fan , do any of them have a girlfriendand i want thme bad .
 This is NOT a compilation of Original Releases . It is a DEMO of publishing co. . Soundtracks .
 According to Joel Whitburn 's `` Pop Singles Annual '' the song `` TallahasseeLassie '' peaked at # 6 in 1959 and is 2:30 long . The cut of `` TallahasseeLassie '' on this Collectables Label CD is only 2:11 long . Hey Collectables , where 's the rest of the song ? Can we look forward to seeing the missing 19 seconds on a future release ? Why would you release an edited -LRB- shortend -RRB- version ? For those of you who would like to have the whole song , it is available from vendors here on Amazon
 This is just hilarious . Mary-Kate and Ashley releasing their Greatest Hits 3 album - what could be funnier ?! I do n't really know whether to give this one star for musical ability , or 5 stars for comedy . I guess I 'll just go with one star ... If you want to laugh , but this album .
 I got this CD using Pepsi Stuff Points . The case was cracked when it arrived but the CD was okay . Good tunes , lowsey delivery service ...
 I certainly see why Amazon has no 30 second samples to listen to for this album . If they did not many people would buy it . Okay ! to be fair ; if you are a fan of female pop country then do n't read this since it will mislead you , sorry . If you are a fan of raw traditional country and you loved every cut on the second album from Gretchen . I think you will be disappointed . I was
 Seriously though . As an avid Ozma fan starting in about the year 2000 , I remember being excited about Pasadena . But then , I saw them live shortly before it 's release and they were awful , AND Pasadena was not great either . Maybe I did n't give it enough of a listen , but when I heard the AWFUL remakes of `` No One Needs to Know '' and `` Eponine '' ... oi . I 'm sure it was n't their choice to re-record them , but regardless it ruined it for me . Get their other stuff . It 's all amazing .
 ... it is worth considering this `` limited edition -LRB- ? -RRB- '' box set , consisting of 99.5 % previously released -LRB- and seperately available -RRB- material . Here you will find : Disc 1
 ... which is uncalled for . IT IS SPED UP from its original recording , making some of the high notes hit by the female singers truly chipmunk-like . I ca n't believe they would release this ... let 's speed it up to fit it on ONE disk ! What a GOOD idea . No . Not a good idea .
 Okay , I give up ! The world -LRB- or at least the music industry -RRB- wants to keep Philip Glass 's star in ascendance , with new commissions , and new recordings , or expensive repackagings of previously issued recordings . Glass has n't had a new idea since 1976 , when his `` Einstein on the Beach '' was the freshest new sound imaginable . Basically , all he 's done is re-write that work over and over -LRB- and over ! -RRB- again ever since . While there are cool parts to some of these scores , most of this is the same arpeggiated chords he 's been using for the last 25 years ! Somebody wake me up when this guy gets a new idea !
 This is not the Wayne Cochran I remember . The reviewers that give this CD 4 & 5 stars have never heard the Wayne Cochran I knew . These recordings are `` flat '' - no pizzaz . The were either recorded very late in his career or after he became a minister . SHAME ON AMAZON FOR SELLING THIS ITEM.If this were my firt purchase from Amazon , I would never come backa again . Now I will be much more carefull when ordering . Twenty two dollars down the crapper - thanks a lot Amazon .
 I am a huge Dylan fan and have watched entire documentaries and tv specials just to see two words uttered about him but `` 1966 World Tour - The Home Movies '' stretches the bounds of legitimate Dylan enthusiasm . To say it will add nothing to your Dylan collection would be an understatement . In fact , you might be just as likely to catalog this video under `` miscellaneous '' in your movie library , as it is more about some guy who Dylan employed as a drummer for a while in 1966 than it is about Dylan . I do n't know if Dylan refused to allow the release of actual 1966 video footage of him or if he just avoided this guy when the camera was rolling . Regardless , if you want to see good `` home movie '' footage of Dylan , this is not the place .
 Please heed my warning . This movie sucks ! I just want to be honest . My girlfriend and I just wasted 20 minutes of our lives and $ 15 fastforwarding through the most grossly mismarketed movie ever . With due respect or whatever , no one buying a movie to get more Dylan cares about Mickey Jones namedropping about people who no one cares about . This is NOT a Dylan movie . This is shameless marketing b.s. Lame .
 I 'm giving this one star because `` zero stars '' is n't an option . There 's not a whole lot of Dylan in this , and the `` home movies '' are just what you 'd expect from the days of 8mm film
 Alright , I really wanted to like this recording , Hi Fidelity is one of my favorite books and I love the movie very much . The cast recording is highly disappointing . The lyrics are bad , really bad . The music is catchy and if you are a fan of the book and or movie its kind of neat to hear the parts of the story in song but honestly the only good part of this cast recording is leading man Will Chase playing Rob .
 ... I prefer her older music . This one is way different and does n't have all those cool harmonies and modulations that her original/earlier music has . I say `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . ''
 Unmistakably Enya ! So much so that I 've heard it all before in her earlier albums ; every track reminds me of some track of her earlier works . Lyrics are generally childish.I count myself as a big fan of Enya , but this is definitely not her best work . Not on par with `` A Day Without Rain '' or `` The Memory of Trees . '' Only memorable track for me is `` Long Long Journey '' and that , probably , because it reminds me so much `` On My Way Home '' -LRB- one of my absolute favorites -RRB- . Count me as disappointed .
 I like one song on this cd . `` It 's in the Rain '' is a beautiful song . The rest sound like they were rushed to be completed in order to meet the release date.I have all of her other cds and I usually enjoy them , but this is the first one that I only like one song . Creatively , this one is missing something . She also looks silly on the cover.So far in 2005 , the only artist to release a completely amazing cd is Madonna with `` Confessions on a Dance Floor . '' Maybe Enya could call Madonna 's producer . She needs a new sound . It 's time to reinvent yourself , Enya !
 This LP will leave the listener with one thing on his/her mind
 The REAL reason this album sucks is becuase she 's singing in English . Not being able to make-up what the songs are about each time you listen & having to concentrate on the meaning just ruined the entire experience for me . Then again , I find lyrics to be the most unimportant thing in music & only listen to foreign music .
 I dunno why I have n't written a review on this piece of junk before . I 've only owned it since it came out . In fact , I pre-ordered it before its release since I 'm a super Enya fan and listen to the `` other '' CD 's often . But this one - I 've listened to it once again to see if it was as crxxpy as i had remembered . IT WAS ! Maybe if I start listing things on the net , I 'll be able to unload this and make space for good music .
 Suddenly The CD will not work in my Chrysler van . But works in home computer and CD players . What a bummer .
 Enya needs a change , or shes gon na end up like the new-age version of Madonna . Her fans who follow her blindly , will always give her good reviews . But this cd is Enyas worst . Not one song on this CD remotely began to move me inside . The whole CD is luke-warm while trying to be overly sentimental . -LRB- reminding me of Madonna once again -RRB- . I could try to find a soung to recommend for download , but i cant even do that.Enya is slowing slipping into the void where once good artists who fail to change end up . Madonna , Enigma ... and now Enya .
 This is the most unispired Enya I have ever heard . Prediction - it will sell on the strength of a loyal following , but no way is there a hit on this.If you want to hear something different try Gorillaz or Fall Out Boy or Death Cab for Cutie.I know my fate already - you will say that this review was not helpful to you . Well stop by my house a karate chop with your name in it is waiting .
 Let me begin by saying that I am a huge fan of Enya and love everything she has ever produced in the past twenty or so years . She 's enormously talented and along with the Ryans , she has gone on to create some of the most memorable and beautiful music anywhere.However , after purchasing and listening to Amarantine shortly after seeing a TV commercial for the album , I must say I am rather disappointed . Sure , this has the same great Enya , same great melodies , and same great choirs , but so what?Enya 's first few albums were unique and special , unlike most anything before them , but this album is almost exactly like her past two or so efforts . It gets tiresome to hear the same chord progressions , same types of melodies , same choirs , same orchestral strings , and just about everything else the same from the past . While this may still be relaxing and enjoyable , as a fan I was looking for something new
 Less Than A Pearl : The album opens with Enya 's typical soundscape , a chorus comprising entirely of herself . Where she normally just vocalized her way through the first track of every CD -LRB- with the exception of Watermark , that rare gem -RRB- , Eithne decides to use lyrics . But instead of aiming for Gaelic or equally obscure languages , she decides to sing in Loxian , a made-up language that her lyricist created for her book `` Water shows the hidden heart '' . Curiosities aside , the first track is basically 3:44 minutes of -LRB- very -RRB- sedate tribal chanting . It is , in its essence , a watered mixture of `` Ebudae '' and `` The Longships '' , without the distinctive identity that made those songs memorable . It is a notable effort , however , but at this point the discerning listener feels a little wary -- he may fear that this album may earn the title of `` The Further Adventures Of A Day Without Rain '' . The CD spins , and we move to the second track ... Amarantine : The first three seconds of the track give one a false hope
 It locks up the machine when I try to read this CD . Googling , I found other people with similar problems with this CD . I do n't know if it is some anti-copying thing or what , but if I ca n't listen to it on my computer it is a showstopper , so I 'm sending it back .
 The only nice piece is Amarantine.The rest of the songs are very boring and lost some of Enya 's `` magic '' .
 Dull and uninspired . Everything on this disc seems to be a tired re-hash of the fair-to-middling `` B-side '' tracks from her recent albums . Definitely will listen to the next one BEFORE I buy it .
 I like Enya now and then and was hoping this would be a good album . A Day Without Rain is her best and every track is exceptional , but this is boring with no good melodies at all . Title track -LRB- Amarantine -RRB- starts our OK but the middle chorus is awful and ruins the song . Where did that come from ? Shame . Nothing else even stands out here - you can skip this one - do n't waste your money .
 I love Enya with all my heart and was anxiously anticipating this new album . I love how her music is so moving and mood altering.However , this album absolutely stunned me . It does not possess the mood of the other albums , has nothing consequential to say , and sounds more like an album of children 's songs with the simple melodies and highly predictable lyrics.There are 2 songs on this entire album that I `` like '' but none i love.I hope future endeavors do not duplicate this horrific collection.I guess I will have to wait another 5 years .
 Wow , never thought I 'd write a bad review of any of Enya 's work but ... I 'm hugely disappointed ! I am also a BIG fan of her music but not this CD . The lyrics are poor and too repeatative , I find myself hitting the skip button on several tracks . I 've listened to it several times but just ca n't warm up to but a couple of tracks . Recommend you skip this CD and dust off her older work .
 enya is like the Sade of New age Music in that nobody can lay claim to the way they put stylings down & are able to build catelogs of material.a Proven formula that has worked . Enya 's latest Amarantine sounds like leftovers from the past albums that did n't quite make the cut . very average at best.I ai n't felt a Enya album in years , but like How Sade is able to maintain what she has done over the past couple of decades Enya has been able to do her thing , but this album shows a artist running short on new ideas but safe on formula .
 Not much new here . Enya 's voice is as beautiful as ever but the songs sound pretty much the same as the ones on all of her earlier recordings . The title piece , `` Amarantine , '' I find to be annoying . If I listen to this track the refrain just plays over and over in my head afterwords and drives me nuts - because its just the one word Amarantine . Over and over and over and over ... . AAAAAAAAARRRGGGGG ! Now when I play this CD , in the interest of my sanity , I just skip over this track .
 I think I 've figured out the formula behind Enya 's songs . First take out a mad libs , write `` light '' , `` love '' , `` dark '' , `` flower '' , `` sea '' , and `` stars '' in the blank spots . Add some wispy and haunting ballads , rinse , and repeat.I almost fell asleep listening to this CD .
 As usual , the composition of the pieces on this CD were done beautifully , but I was disappointed . I like everything I 've heard by Enya thus far , but I had n't listened to this CD before buying it . I found the music to be a real downer and depressing ... the kind of music you put on if you need a good cry . I had hoped it would be uplifting like the rest of her CD 's . Enya is very talented and everything she does is outstanding including this CD , it just was n't the type of music I had wanted .
 Enya has such a lovely voice . I have truly enjoyed her music , but this CD was a big disappointment . It seemed to stray from her roots . Enya 's music has always taken me to my Celtic roots , but this CD was too much pop .
 Having being a fun of Enya since her early works , I can only listen to her new CD with mixed feelings . Although it containes some really beautiful pieces , it is still way too convervative . I mostly love her darker eerier stuff , but unfortunately Enya seems to aim more to the average listener with those white , childish , and innocent songs . Years ago it was time for Enya to switch gears to something newer , so right now she sounds greatly outdated .
 I have loved some of Enya 's records before , as have most people . That is why this album is so disappointing . It is a complete rip-off . There is not an original sound or thought on it ! I really wish I could get my money back . And the company that handles her should be just as ashamed for milking the cow she has apparently become . Do n't waste your money ...
 I truely adore Enya 's music . I have almost everything she has done and listen to them repeatedly . In fact , she is my favorite choice to listen to in the dentist 's chair while undergoing nitrous oxide ! However , this one left me cold -LRB- with the exception of track # 7 , which is very pretty -RRB- . The songs and music on this album lack the grace , lyrical qualities , enchantment , and ability to carry me away that the rest of her music manages effortlessly to do . One of Enyas most ardent fans , I 'm sorry to say , was let down big by this one .
 I 've been an admirer and observer of Enya since before the `` Orinoco '' began to `` Flow , '' if that means anything . Astute observers of Enya 's artistry have noted subtle growths and delightful -LRB- though often subtle -RRB- developments in her arrangements , her orchestral vision , and her exploration of the melodic landscape over the years -- these are developments that only true admirers of Enya would appreciate ; the rest of the world would lift their noses high and write-her-off as a New Age Muzak `` cash-machine '' on autopilot . This is unfair
 After much anticipation , 5 years to be exact , `` Amarantine '' is finally released . And despite the positive reviews that it received , by other Enya fans around the world , I find this recording to be a disappointment . It is nothing more than a derivation of `` A Day Without Rain , '' except it lacks the lyrical beauty and originality that existed in the latter one . There is not a song that stands out . Much of the music and rhythms are very similar and too repetitive . The usage of the made up Loxian language seems to be a bit of a far stretch of creativity . There are more than 6,800 spoken languages in more than 220 countries around the world . Beyond the languages of English , Gaelic , Latin that she normally sang , Enya could have picked other known languages to learn , why the need for a new language which no one else , except for its creator , can relate to ? This seems to be rather silly.I meant no disrespect to Enya or her music as I have enjoyed much of it over the years . Enya 's voice remains as beautiful as it always has been . This recording , however , leaves me with very little excitement towards her next release . I hope the next one will be better .
 I 'm a big fan of Enya . I own every US release , and love them all ... except this one . I 've read the reviews and heard all the fans saying it 's great , classic , Enya material . A little TOO classic , I 'd say . If many of the songs sound familiar , I do n't think it has anything to do with the Enya `` formula '' . They sound familiar because they sound like poor rip-offs of her previous hits . Sure , many of her songs on albums past have recalled even earlier songs . But on Amarantine , the reminder is not a nostalgiac turn , or a return to by-gone greatness . The attempt to replicate the success of older hits by replicating their sound seems blatant , and in all ways unworthy of Enya . What happened ? How could she be so desperate for new material that she has to rip off herself !?! I wo n't say this album has nothing good on it . That would be too harsh . But just because it 's our first taste of Enya in a while does n't make it a good album . Maybe it 's like that thing about dying of thirst in a desert , then thinking rusty water is red wine . Listen to your Enya collections in chronological order , ending with Amarantine and THEN try to honestly say that this is a good CD .
 I 've been a fan of Enya for quite a few years now , almost since the get go , and I must say I am rather disapointed with this album . It 's not horrible , but I agree with other reviewers ... there is just nothing new or exciting to make me want to keep playing it.I am suspiscious about the release of this CD because a few months supposedly Enya used the title track in a Japanese electronics commercial , the company who owned the product leaked the info that one could hear Enya 's commercial song on her up-coming CD . This info was then written off on Enya 's official website as a misunderstanding ... no new CD was due out.And then lo and behold , not more then 5 months later the CD is released . Was this coincidence ? Did she feel the need to throw something out there just so people could pick up the track heard in the commercial ? I do n't know . I hope not.I just hope that her next CD is adventerous and exciting and happens within the proximity of 3 years .
 I 'm an ardent fan , and after 5 years was distressed to find what a poor CD she released . Everyone peaks eventually , I 'm just sorry it happened to one of my favourite artists . I should have waited and bought it used .
 I find it strange that Enya left Clannad for their turning to pop because this album is pretty much pop with a mixture of a couple of New Age tunes . Instead of the gentle drone of the synthesizer or a lovely orchestra , this is very loud and almost at times drowns out Enya 's voice . The lyrics also are very poor . Roma Ryan has written beautiful lyrics before , but these on this album are weak and lack the power seen on Enya 's earlier works . Loxian , while being an interesting addition , does n't sound much different than the mouth music used on songs like `` The Celts '' or `` The Longships '' . `` Less than a Pearl '' - pretty but the music threatens to drown out the singer `` Amarantine '' - catchy tune , horrible lyrics `` It 's in the Rain '' - lacks emotion `` If I could Be Where You Are '' - lacks emotion `` The River Sings '' - catchy tune but the music is disorganized and threatens to drown out the voice `` Long Long Journey '' - pretty `` Sumiregusa '' - pretty , but it does n't sound like Enya . Is she bored with singing in Gaelic ? `` Someone Said Goodbye '' - catchy tune , horrible lyrics , lacks emotion `` A Moment Lost '' - pretty but not as good as her earlier songs `` Drifting '' - I miss the sound of just Enya 's piano that she did on songs like `` Watermark '' , `` Shepherd Moons , '' and `` No Holly for Miss Quinn '' `` Amid the Fallen Snow '' - pretty `` Water Shows the Hidden Heart '' - best out of the Loxian songs on the CDThe album is pretty , but this not Enya 's best . It 's way too pop and lacks the power and beauty of her earlier works .
 For all that Enya has a lovely voice , this disc is surprisingly bland - it has now reached the point for me that , on the whole , Enya 's more recent discs all sound the same . I commented to a friend after the first listen that it was `` more of the same , '' and it is
 It seems that many would disagree with me on this , but I was very disappointed with this CD . And believe me , I absolutely love Enya ! However , I still have not been able to listen to Amarantine 's songs in their entirety because I find myself so irritated ... not by the music itself , mind you , but by the lyrics!While Enya 's music is as beautiful and moving as ever , Roma Ryan 's lyric-writing skills leave much to be desired . They are extremely shoddy , cheesy , and make it seem as if she is an amateur . The only tracks I like to listen to are the opening track and the one without lyrics ... the others I find to be spoiled by her bad rhymes and repetitive , boring words . I will grant that the Loxian language is nice , but that 's all I can compliment Mrs. Ryan with.If you 're looking for a more enjoyable Enya CD , I recommend that you look to her earlier work .
 People in hospitals in comas would get out of bed to turn this depressing dog droll off . How Enya is # 2 in Ireland in sales after U2 is much more evidence of the greatness of U2 than the quality of the totally depressing music Enya dispenses . After some 5 years since the huge hit `` Only Time '' , this album sounds even more morose .
 Di Liberto 's quip sums this up . I defy anyone to tell one Enya CD from another , and this is no exception . That said , regurgitating the same set of reverb certainly buys you a nice castle south of Dublin . Living next door to Bono has n't done anything for her sense of adventure musically , but she knows what her public will swallow gladly.The pretentiousness of `` inventing '' a `` language '' speaks for itself . In fact , spills out volumes . Perhaps she 'll have a tryst with Jon Anderson and the world will implode with the arrival of their demon child . In the meantime , I 'd like to think the world has moved beyond this treacle . Not so ...
 This album should not belong on music shelves . It should be in the prescription section of your local drug store under `` Sleep Aids '' . This Cd should be used for prescription only . Playing this Cd for lots of people will have entire states sent to sleep with ominous results . WWE superstars will black out in the ring , Mixed Martial Artists will crash out in the middle of UFC events , TNA commentators will fall asleep right in the middle of broadcasting , and Boxers , and their trainers will be knocked out before they even know what happened . Why would anyone want to buy this album ? Who in their right mind would even want to listen to it ? This music is for losers who do n't know what real music is . If you want to know what real music is , then listen to some workout music . For example , try the music from the WWE , not this Enya crap . I 'll make sure that Jonathon Taylor pays for betraying the WWE by getting this album and giving it five stars when it absolutely deserves a zero.As spoken , Vincent Kennedy McMahonP.S , if you think that you , Jonathon are going to get away with this , then you better think again , because you 've got no chance , no chance ... in hell !
 Almost a year after it 's initial release , and because of the horror of September 11 , this hack singer -LSB- yeah , right -RSB- / songwriter -LSB- oh , please -RSB- had the biggest selling piece of tripe of her career with the abhorrent ' A Day Without Rain ' , a dismal cacophony of synths and ooze that the world seemed to grasp onto as a sign of distorted comfort . Well , she 's back ... and as misguided as ever . More quasi-Celtic schmaltz juxtaposed with her archaic wheeze of a voice , it took 5 years to come up with this monstrosity . She 's an insult to the true musical aesthete . My grade
 Now , before you other Enya fans go into defense mode , I want to say I really like her stuff and have been a fan of hers for many years.That being said ... This album is a bit of a letdown after such a long wait . -LRB- Okay , a lot of a letdown . -RRB- It 's ... well ... boring . It lacks the intricate construction , memorable melodies and harmonies that earlier albums and tracks have . Take `` To Go Beyond II ''
 What went wrong?As an avid listener of Enya since 1988 -LRB- when I first saw `` Orinoco Flow '' on the UK Show Top of the Pops -RRB- , it disappoints me that she could release something this sub-standard and mediocre . Where is the beauty of `` Watermark '' and `` Shepherd Moons '' ? We all know that Enya likes to stick to her formulaic music , which is a good thing because she can do it well , and has created some beautiful songs in the process.Remember `` Ebudae '' , `` On My Way Home '' and `` Storms in Africa '' ? Those were byproducts of the genius that is Enya and her dream team of Roma and Nicky Ryan . On this new album , even though the same team is in place , things go awfully wrong . I would put this down to Enya 's inability to move with the times . Now , an artist need NOT move with the times , but when you 're making World Music , instrumentation is key , and the problem is , the last five years have seen some amazing world music and Celtic Music releases , that makes this album feel like a footnote in Enya 's career , rather than a standout release.I seriously think that Enya 's real-life sister Maire Brennan 's last album was infinitely better than this . First of all , Enya 's voice has never sounded more vocoded or ` computerized ' than here . The lush melodies wash over it , and though its possibly as beautiful as ever , I have to wonder why they did this to her voice . Secondly , its as if the producers took the same songs from her last album `` A Day Without Rain '' , and rehashed the SAME melodies for this record . Which is fine , but some of these songs sound exactly the same as the last album . Come on Enya , is this the best you can do?Apparently it is , because lead single ` Amarantine ' is dead upon arrival . Just listen to it . Its silly , nonsensical , dentist waiting-room muzak , and its not even dressed up passably . The worst part of it is that if you thought Enya 's lyrics were meaningless and ` filler ' , you have no idea how pointless the lyrics on this album are . I hate to rain on Enya 's parade , but this simply wo n't do . At one point I thought that this album was probably one of those albums that artists HAVE to record simply to fulfill a record contract obligation -LRB- much like Tori Amos ' `` Strange Little Girls '' - an abomination in its ' own right -RRB- . At the end of it , the whole album comes off as a curious piece that has no business being released in this day and age . The last year has been especially miserable for lovers of true world music , as this tepid CD was followed by the even more misguided ` An Ancient Muse ' by Loreena McKennitt . Now , Enya and Loreena both have their core audiences , but they seem to have left their true musical roots and genius back in the 1990s -LRB- Enya had her masterwork `` Shepherd Moons '' , while Loreena had her `` The Mask and Mirror '' -RRB- . Now , these two artists sound like has-beens from a bygone era , and they most certainly seem to have ` lost it ' . I would say that you can skip this mind-numbingly pointless album , and check out Enya 's back-catalog - most of her ` 90s albums are fantastic.On this CD , Enya comes across as bored and lethargic , and the play-by-numbers approach certainly lends nothing special to the music . If that sort of thing is your bag , you might want to check this out -LRB- be warned though , that even severe Enya addicts have quit her after the release of this monstrosity -RRB- . Two Stars . Not Recommended . A huge letdown for World Music .
 Back in the '90s , I was an avid Enya fan . `` Shepherd Moons '' initiated me into her pecular Celtic brilliance.In college , I added `` Memory of Trees '' , `` The Celts '' and `` Watermark '' to my collection.Every song was different , from the threnody of `` Cursum Perficio '' to the thrilling `` Orinoco Flow '' , the sensual `` Lothlorien '' and the powerful `` Hope has a place . '' Enya sang the great `` May it be '' for the Lord of the Rings trilogy ; she seemed posied for further triumphs.Then the font of inspiration began to run dry in `` Day without rain . '' `` Amarantine '' is nostalgic in some ways , recalling earlier , better albums.It 's formulaic,pop-ified New Age music.The title song has the syrupy lyrics `` love is love is . '' `` If I could be where you are '' is filled with trite longing . `` The River Sings '' is in Roma Ryan 's pseudo-Tolkien `` Loxian '' , and it 's a blander version of better , earthier songs in `` The Celts . '' `` Sumiregusa '' sounded promising as a fusion of Celtic and Japanese music ; it does have its beautiful moments , glinting like stars through clouds , but it tends to be as forced as a loveless arranged marriage . `` Amarantine '' lacks Enya 's usual fire & passion.Its ; few highlights are the spiritual , Eastern -LRB- and in `` Loxian '' -RRB- , `` Less than a Pearl . '' `` Amid the falling snow '' is brief , and beautiful.It evokes a winter wonderland-no wonder it was on Enya 's recent Christmas album.Finally , `` It 's in the rain '' is the best piece , its zenith.It 's melancholy , passionate , an oasis in a parched land of inspiration.One could imagine the song accompanying a story of forbidden love . `` Memory of Trees '' was Enya 's last great album ; it was released 11 yrs ago.Sadly , `` Amarantine '' falls well short of Enya 's musical prowess.It 's cliched,easy-listening , and trite.One hopes that Enya 's current respite from making albums is giving her a chance to get some spiritual & musical ; invigoration.As a fan , I hope she will return to the originality and creativity she once had .
 We have almost all of Enyas CD 's and listen to them almost religiously for relaxation . Looked forward to a new one . We pre ordered , it came and ... Talk about non-triditional ... It 's boring ... for lack of a better word . With the talent she has , what a terrible waste . Maybe I 'm too old fashion , but making up a language along the way just to get the sounds ... . In one cut the same sounds , -LRB- as they are not words -RRB- are repeated so many times I thought the CD player was stuck . I got up and gave it a wack . Well thanks for `` Paint the Sky '' , `` The Celts '' , `` Trees '' , and the others . This one is disappointing , wish I had kept the money . Hugh and Dee
 Oh , no , this is A Day Without Rain , Revisited . Roma Ryan 's venturing in a new , self-made language ? The proverbial `` have a minimalistic song first , then bring the Enya Chorus out for the next one '' album structure ? Where 's your newest `` Caribbean Blue '' -LRB- intricate and tasteful keyboard layering -RRB- , your `` Cursum Perficio '' -LRB- tension builder -RRB- , your `` Boadicea '' -LRB- hummable - no pun intended - melody , so strong that even tripe like The Fugees versioned it -RRB- your `` Storms in Africa '' -LRB- fun , orchestral treatment , with the cool drums to match -RRB- , girl ? Where 's your newest `` Only If ? '' Had you rehashed THOSE , this would be palatable.Enya is , as always , her perfectionistic self , and her singing is as sweet as ever . There are hints here and there that this album could be more experimental than it was -LRB- particularly `` Sumiregusa '' -RRB- , but the Lothrian tracks ? Ridiculous ... On the other hand , `` If I Could Be Where You Are '' is the only remotely decent lyrics track on this record . Of course , a disclaimer is in order , since Miss Brennan does n't go out more , period . You should , girl . Dump the Ryans ' treatment for one track at least , please . For once . Go out , have a date or two , girl . Experiment . Get your sisters to sing with you at least once -LRB- they 're coming up with great stuff on their own -RRB- If you want to go classic , you can sing with a string quartet backing you , and you may save the 499 other overdubs with a little dose of reverb . It will be as good , and definitely more refreshing.Enya , you are a strong singer , a talented instrumentalist , an imaginative arranger and a good-looking , rich , nice , tortured soul who deserves better . You 're now preaching to the converted , but you 're losing me as a fan . I do n't want to see what comes out in five years if I do n't see a radical change in lyrical and melodic approach .
 To be perfectly honest , I did n't like Amarantine very much , only a little , whereas I love her other albums . This is definitely not her best , and five years is too long to wait for a rather disappointing album . The songs are reminiscent -LRB- I do no want to use the word `` rehashed '' -RRB- of her older - and better - ones . One example is `` Someone Said Goodbye '' which is very similar in theme and rythm to `` One by One '' in `` A Day Without Rain '' . Buy it only if you 're a die-hard Enya fan , but if you 're new to her music , try her master-pieces , Watermark , The Memory of Trees , and The Celts .
 Having been a long time fan like so many other enya listeners , this latest album proved to me that Enya has lost the `` spark '' that made her the new age star that she is . I agree with all the other reviewers when they say that this album , along with `` A day without Rain '' are merely rehashed versions of her older albums . In my opinion , The Memory of Trees was her last great and original album that blew me away . Orinocco Flow , Shepard Moons , the Celts , and Memory of Trees all had its own uniqueness and took listeners to a brand new world of Enya each time it was released . Songs like Book of Days , Memory of Trees , Orinocco Flow , Alderbaran were some of the examples of Enya 's masterpieces . Unfortunately when `` A Day without Rain '' came out , I was disappointed to hear the same type of beat that Memory of Trees had used , repeated in that new album . Unlike her other albums , i quickly put `` A Day without Rain '' to rest and hoped for Enya to inspire us once again in her future album . Now that Amarantine is out , it has made me a very sad fan to see that Enya and her team has really lost the magic and are simply using the same tones to make new songs . I for one still remain an Enya fan despite the fact . If you are a die hard enya fan and A day without Rain did n't bother you , then maybe you will enjoy this album . But if you agree with my above statement about her previous album , you 'll probably wanted to spent the money elsewhere like Moya Brennan , Enya 's sister 's new album is a nice refreshing sound .
 It may be heresy , but I have to say it
 After a five-year interval , Enya disappoints with her weakest album to date . I have been a devoted admirer of the Irish singer since `` Orinoco Flow '' first hit the airwaves years ago , and have eagerly awaited each and every offering , including her singles , which oftentimes contain extra bonus tracks that turn out to be mini-masterpieces . I understand how many critics brush her aside claiming that her music is too artificial , too cold , too computer generated to stir genuine emotions , and with those criticisms I strongly disagree , until now . True , you buy an Enya album because it sounds like an Enya album . No matter how many years go by in between , songs are frequently interchangeable from one CD to the next , and that 's okay . Enya 's strength lies in the perfect blending of her unique voice and her music , and the magic that she creates with them in the studio-intricate spider 's webs of fragile melodies and haunting refrains.But the magic is absent from `` Amarantine '' . The entirety of the album 's brief 45 minute running time is , to put it simply , exceedingly dull . Instead of spirited , otherworldly , evocative songs , this album flows by lugubriously , and depressingly . The songs are pallid and barely stick in the brain . Only the title track-a word whose definition along with being a vibrant shade of red , means to be everlastingly youthful or beautiful-has sparks of that once Enya allure . Even the lone instrumental piece , `` Drifting '' is ponderous and pales in the light of other such previous wordless tracks as `` A Day Without Rain '' , `` Tea House Moon '' , or `` Watermark '' . Enya 's `` sound '' is also different . True , there 's nothing wrong with expanding or growing as an artist , but as the old saying goes
 Look , I like Enya ... I really do . I have all of her CDs and play them a lot , but , come on folks , this CD is nothing but lukewarm leftovers . There 's not a single `` classic '' Enya track . The songs are too slow and too depressing . What , did somebody close to her die during the five years it took to put this way-too-short offering out ? I do n't want to hear Enya singing about gloom and doom . Sure , some of her other songs are `` sad '' but not like this ! This album 's not varied at all , except for that silly `` Riverdance '' ditty in some fictious language created by Roma Ryan . Ms. Ryan 's lyrics are often terribly juvenile ... does she sleep with a rhyming dictionary next to her bed ? All that 's missing is moon , spoon and June , not to mention the fact that a lot of lines are grammatically incorrect and some do n't even scan correctly when sung , or that there is no such word as `` amarantine '' !! Where 's that old Enya magic ? Is this Enya evolving into the `` new '' Enya ? And if this is the `` new '' Enya , this is a step backward . This one 's sub-par , no matter what the `` real '' Enya fans say ... and , ya know what ? If you really are a REAL Enya fan , you know that this one 's not great ... we were all just starving after half a decade of waiting , looking forward to another masterpiece like `` Book of Days '' , `` Only Time '' or `` Caribbean Blue '' , and Enya threw us an old soup bone . I hope that Father Christmas leaves a huge lump of coal in Enya 's stocking this year in payback for this lump of cold Irish stew .
 I have been a long-time admirer of Enya 's gorgeous work for many years . Her celestial melodies , unique arrangements and singular voice have provided me with hours of listening pleasure for more than a decade . But as the years and her albums have come and gone , there is one glaring truth about Enya 's work that has become ever more apparent -- that her growth as an artist has been disturbingly minimal at best . Of course , this is not to say that her recordings have not progressed in any way . Her otherwordly sound and image have become ever more slick . But such advancement is growth on a lateral level at most -- one must assume this being the result of an effort to secure her worldwide legion of fans with a predictable output , one that will guarantee her placment as # 1 on the New Age charts for years at a time . Even so , each of Enya 's previous albums have offered more than a few memorable tracks that remain enjoyable after years of playing . So ` Amarantine ' is a terrible disappointment in its almost total lack of anything worthwhile save for what amounts to less than a handful of , at best , mediocre pieces . And so lacklustre , not to mention brief , is the album overall that it borders on insult to fans who have waited more than five years since her last major release . So routine are the songs on ` Amarantine ' as to resemble nothing more than alternate versions of previously released tracks -- these being the ones that were wisely dropped . But in the end , none of these criticisms will really matter much to Enya 's cult who will embrace this album with stars in their eyes and a total lack of discrimination in their ears . I must admit , if I found a way to make enough millions to afford me a splendid life in a spectacular castle as Enya has through her music machine , I , too , would churn out such unchallenging dreck as this latest release as well . But I would hope not have the audacity to call myself a musical artist . Perhaps ` sausage-maker tunesmith ' has more of a ring of truth to it . Congratulations , Enya , keep smiling that vacant and knowing smile . You 've fooled almost everyone .
 PUNK & DISORDERLY is NOT a contemporary comp put together in retrospect . PUNK & DISORDERLY is the real deal , a record compiled and released in 1982 by indie labels Posh Boy -LRB- US -RRB- and Cherry Red -LRB- UK -RRB- to showcase the latest wave of punk rock outfits from both sides of the Atlantic.PUNK & DISORDERLY has aged exceptionally well and remains a defining moment in early 80s punk . If you buy only one CD of the Anarchy/OI type stuff , buy PUNK & DISORDERLY.BUT DO N'T BUY THIS VERSION !!!! This so called `` Special Edition '' is a crying shame . The Adict 's mainstay VIVA LA REVOLUTION is substituted for their superior -LRB- and difficult to find -RRB- STRAIGHTJACKET , UK Decay 's FOR MY COUNTRY does not appear at all , only one track is in it 's proper order ... the horrors go on and on.PUNK & DISORDERLY is in print on CD from Anagram/CherryRed . Get the Anagram/CherryRed version . It 's as close as you 'll get to the original LPRACE AGAINST TIME by GBH , the final cut on the vinyl , does not appear on ANY available CD version - and what a pity that is . Try to hear the whole thing , with RACE AGAINST time in place , in one sitting sometime - the consistent quality of the cuts , the ease with which they flow ... it 's beautiful .
 21/2 Undercooked electronic experimentation pales in comparison to artist 's more beat-driven , thoughtfully layered Prefuse 73 . Here , Heron just lazily equates scatter-shot noise , mediocre , redundantly annoying Spanish vocals , and very little semblance of melody with something cutting-edge . It is not . Although the disc does work best inside pocket moments of inspired fusion , on a whole it is a lackluster release , hardly justified buying for anyone but devout fans .
 I approached this album with great hopes of sinking my teeth into some great Catalan folk music . But i was disappointed . I listened some more but i was still disappointed . This album rarely resolves into something that does n't sound like a yellow/grey goo.The vocals are -LRB- vaguely -RRB- pretty but too breathy and indistinct for much emotion to be carried . And the music sounds like it has been pulped and reconstituted resulting in bland characterless sound . There is some interesting subtleties - the gentle drum pattering can be engaging.Overall though an underwhelming experience .
 I am a HUGE Prefuse 73 fan , do n't get me wrong . I own almost everything he 's done , including rare stuff like the Phil Ranelin remixes and Piano Overlord tracks on vinyl . However , I was completely taken off guard with Apropa ` t. I loved his first project , `` Folk Songs for Trains , Trees and Honey '' . That album gets 6 stars if it were possible
 Do Or Die is my favorite rappers I own all of their cds out of all of them this one is the only dissappointment the left rap alot records which they made 5 other cds on and they were very very good and joind leagion records i dont know if its the record label or what but it aint hardcore like the other ones the only songs i liked were chain of command -LRB- track 3 -RRB- and for the block -LRB- track 17 -RRB- other then that the whole Cd is pretty soft
 The album has a couple good songs - higher with kanye west which has already been on the radio in chi town - but more importantly if you liked their earlier albums you will be let down . Songs like `` nobody 's home '' just are not on this album ... i like do or die - but dod did not do it for me ...
 I reely like Do or Die , they are probably my favorate rap group , but Kanye West has ruined this cd . I have already heard all of these songs like 20 years ago , and I like the original versions . I always thought do or die had more creative songs then most rap groups , but this cd is not original at all .
 This is the 2nd worst Do or Die album out there today.I think DOD should do more single hits with Twista & Kanye West.D.O.D . just does n't have what it takes to put together a great 15 track album.Terrible album , I chucked it out my car window really fast.People look out for Twista 's new album by Atlantic Records `` Day After '' .
 Words ca n't describe how upset I am after listening to this album . As a huge ratm fan it hurts me that people let these amature attempts of copying one of the most influential bands of the decade . I would n't mind if they made a good job of it but this is ambarresses me so God only knows how Rage feel about it . For a start no-one can play the riffs as well as tom morello , so why try . Why not try and change a little or something . Zack 's voice is completly unique and trying to mimic it is almost impossible . I donnot recommend this album to anyone who knows the quality of rage , and am very dissapionted with this outcome . What sort of record company lets these underbreeds into the studio . I DID N'T WANT TO PUT A STAR BUT HAD NO CHOICE
 Well RATM is an awesome band and are really hard to cover . I give them that . But my god if your going to cover them please make it better than this . this cd is a HUGE disapointment .
 I can understand a band wanting to pay tribute , but what the hell was the label thinking ????? This band sounds like they should be on the soundtrack to an ARMY commercial . No direspect , but this IS disrespect to RATM . A curse on anyone who buys this album !!!!!!
 Rage Against the Machine are an awesome band . They are a very powerful band , with powerful lyrics and a powerful sound . So you would think they might get a good tribute , right ? Nope , they do n't . What they get is a horrible tribute by ameteurs -LRB- who the hell are the ` Renegadez of Funk ? ' -RRB- . They are some rock band . But why do n't they mix up different styles of music to Rage Against the Machine songs ? Like some punk , rap ... Anything that will be a little interesting that this garbage . Some of the songs on here are not even Rage Against the Machine songs . Yeah , they were on the ` Renegades ' album , but those were only covers of songs from Rage Against the Machine 's favorite artists and songs . Maybe if a LOT more effort was put into this it would be worth buying ... or at least useful . Instead , its a worthless tribute that will be forgotten in time -LRB- even though its practically forgotten now ... -RRB- .
 I am staggered . I have no idea how or why this album ever got published . It defies all common sense . Why would RATM ever let anyone sign off on such a pathetic collection of soul-less music ? Maybe to sell more of the ` real ' stuff?Please , avoid this album . Why the people performing on it had to waste their time when they could be learning how to perform is beyond me ...
 Please , dont waste your time or your money on this cd . The lead singer lacked the intensity zack brought to the band and all the anger felt forced by the singer of renegadez . I do realize Rage songs are hard to cover , but , please , if your going to cover them make sure your band is capable of covering the song -LRB- s -RRB- .
 worst piece of crap rage collection ever created . some of the songs they didnt even write . bad . not worth a star . dont buy it .
 if you love rage against the machine , you 'll be hard pressed to suppress the urge to hunt down whoever made this travesty.they 're lucky their name is hard to find on this site . Renegadez of Funk ? really ? you do know that that is n't even a ratm song , renegades of funk is by one of the founders of hip-hop , Afrika Bambaataa and SoulSonic Force . maybe you did n't , considering you decided to use Pistol Grip Pump and Kick Out The Jams as songs to pay tribute to ratm , when those are also songs that ratm covered in order to pay tribute to other greats.all you had to do was friggin listen to ratm 's `` renegades '' to get an idea of what a tribute album should sound like . ugh . i am thoroughly disgusted.i do n't own the CD , thank god , but all i had to do is listen to the clips . i could barely make it through those thirty seconds.a tribute implies that you are greatly influenced by a particular artist , so you get together with a bunch of other good bands and cover some of the most influential songs by that artist . that 's what most tribute CD 's do . that 's the purpose of a tribute . not to try to copy what the greats tried to do , but covering their songs with your own style and sound , to pay homage to the artist by exhibiting how they have influenced your own music.not so this one . i think a band made up of 14 yr olds could more effectively cover ratm songs than this one . in fact , i know so.at least the first four songs use the same laughable vocalist/rapper who thinks he can drop lyrics with the same rage and skill as zack de la rocha . i do n't think so , honey.in `` wake up '' , his vocals are incredibly flat . the dude has the nerve to sound like he 's bored . it 's almost as if he knows he has no credibility whatsoever and is no longer even trying . he lacks a certain sense of outrage , the kind you desperately need for a song raging against COINTELPRO.and trying to front like you can play the guitar like tom morello ? that 's just sad . i listened to the clip of `` bullet in the head , '' and i was waiting for the guitarist to redeem him/herself by at least experimenting and trying to make the sounds that morello did , but s/he did n't even try because they did n't know how morello managed to get that sound out of a guitar . well , at least they realized their limitations and did n't resort to a synthesizer.how was this project ever cleared with ratm and epic ? why ? did they listen to this ? do they even know that this exists ? was this an attempt to provoke the revolutionary fury common amongst their most ardent fans ? why , ratm , why ? what reason could exist that could possibly justify this CD ?
 This CD is made by a band called the Renegadez of Funk . Obviously , they named themselves soley to cover Rage Against the Machine 's songs . While the music was quite acceptional given the fact that it 's just a total copy of Rage Against the Machine , the vocalist sorely needs to speak to a motivational speaker such as Zach De la Rocha . He manages to take all the energy out of every song .
 What a disappointment ?! This CD is an insult to RAGE itself . Tribute ? Ha ! To sum it all up , please do n't go out and buy this cd , better yet avoid listening to it .
 The Cd is a disgrace , I almost laughed out lad at the singers voice . If youre in need of a few laughs then buy this - if you like music by any rage album ! This CD doesnt deserve a star . The music doesnt compare to rage at all .
 please stop these foos from killing it in the name of Rage Against The Machine ... please .
 I just heard about this cd last night , and I was very interested in hearing the clips . Once I did , I realized how important it is to cover Rage and have a guitar player who can figure out the sounds and a singer that sounds like Zack . The singer on those clips had no energy and did n't sound like Zack at all . That ruined it for me because the music actually sounded really close to the real thing . I do n't understand why they 'd have a tribute cd and try to sound exactly like the band when we can just go buy the albums of the real band .
 Well This release has been sought after and we are given a spruced up LP dub onto a CD format . Most of it sounds fine , but the paper quality of the booklet with typos throughout What is it with bootlegs do they not have someone smart enough to edit these notes ? THe printed CD quality image is horrible as well as the back cover - Really tacky . I think the Score is awesome but this really is a poor delivery on Harkit Records behalf . You 'd expect more form a company in Englaqnd most known for LP rips onto CDs selling them as if they are the best CDs ever . There should be laws against selling an CD release like this so poorly executed.If I have typos in my review please forgive me no one from Harkit Records was able to go voer these notes.JackDVD78@aol.com
 I read all the Five Star reviews on Amazon before buying this dvd . After watching it last night , I was extremely disappointed and will not watch it again . When I watch a live concert on dvd or in concert , I expect to see a full scale production of massive lights , a unique stage production , flashy clothing for the era , motivated musicians on stage and a decent auditorium of 8,000 + screaming fans . The only reason I gave it two and not one star is because the sound was acceptable and Kip could sing close enough to his original recordings.Winger failed every other reason to see them live or on dvd . It appears they filmed in a small town ballroom with a 500 max capacity occupancy . The stage lights were basic high school colored flashing light bulbs . The band wore drab looking black and gray t-shirts . The band members look beyond their age and did not have the energy and enthusiasm you would expect from Winger . The lighting was too bright . The crowd looked like zombies . Although a few jumped up and down when `` SEVENTEEN '' played . But by judging the age of the audience ... I assume they heard `` She 's only SEVENTY ... `` If these era bands plan on making dvd 's , they really need to spend a few dollars and make it a full production . This dvd is a waste of money .
 After buying and listening to Kamelot 's prevoius release , Karma , I wondered how things could get any better . Karma was just a complete metal masterpiece anyway you look at it . Now a year later we have Epica ... and , as I feared , Karma easily wipes the floor with it.Why the hate ? Here is my reasons for my rating ... 1 . The lyrics are just bland all around , really no catchy choruses at all , just total lack of energy , nothing to headbang to .2 . What the heck is up with all these interlude tracks , I 'm sorry , but if you want a intro for anything , be it just the intro for the first and only song -LRB- ex . Regalis Apertura from Karma , which is cool . -RRB- Why do bands go to the trouble making these `` in-between '' track tracks , I 'm just gon na skip over them , and I 'm sure I 'm not the only one , even if the band is trying to tell a story with them . If the tracklisting says 17 songs , I do n't want 11 real songs and 6 mini-songs .3 . The overall impact of this cd just leaves my to wonder , these are the same guys on Karma ? The band performance is n't up to par . This is mainly due to the lackluster lyrics.Dispite these reasons , the CD actually has a few decent tracks
 What on earth has happened to this band ? I was such a fan untilI was able to really listen to this , which only made it more difficult to write this . Karma in contrast , was such a heart feltwork of art , but this album seemed to be driven by something elselike record execs or some outside force . songs seemed to only climb half way up before they got annoying . Hopefully the canstep back down and try again !
 Kamelot I do n't think is a real consistant band . Yes they have a few good songs . But only a few . The lyrics are boring and have no good stories or twist to them and the music is nothing special . Nothing new here on this CD . There is n't a good song that you would listen to over and over again . There is just something missing . If I were you I would n't spend your money on this Cd . Save it for a better album other than this . You are not missing much , trust me . If I could I would rate this CD a zero .
 I felt I had write a review for this record after my friend casually mentioned to me that it 's advertised price was $ 84.99 . I will first say that I bought this record used for less than a dollar and am still sorely regretting the purchase.This could be some of the worst music I 've ever heard . There is never any concrete direction in any of the compositions and would be best described as the random noodling of children . The first track titled Watching the Sunset Run is little more than seemingly random drum fills over a bass vamp with massive overdubbing . Miroslav always the team player , preferred to overdub himself on all instruments on this album , piano , electric piano , mini moog , synth string ensemble and even his own bass playing.Even with some interesting musical material , this music will never be able to breath or sound natural because nearly everything has been overdubbed . On the plus side , since the only other musicians on the album are percussionists -LRB- Don Alias , Armen Halburian -RRB- we can be fairly certain that the reason this music is awful is because of Miroslav Vitous.There is no reason to buy this album . Definitely not for $ 84.99 . I 'm sure some Miroslavophile will write a reaction to this review praising the `` work '' he 's done here . But honestly I do n't mind if someone who likes this music gets ripped off .
 As far as the music on this cd is concerned , the other reviewer pretty much sums it up more tactfully that I ever could . Why , Miroslav , why ? His first date as a leader , `` Infinite Search , '' is essential . -LRB- `` Purple , '' made with roughly the same players , is unavailable on cd -- go figure . -RRB- I saw his band back in ' 76 -- an astounding concert -- in my top five , for sure . Miroslav is a great player , bandleader and composer . Why is it then that his solo output , with one , possibly two exceptions , ranges from okay -LRB- Miroslav Vitous Group/ECM -RRB- to execrable ? This is one of the great mysteries of the universe .
 Virtuoso bass player -LRB- capable of great things with Chick Corea , Weather Report and Jan Garbarek to name a few -RRB- floats off on a fairly self indulgent set . Aided and abetted by Don Alias -LRB- great -RRB- and lots of keyboard overdubs it has its moments but ultimately is disappointing .
 What is one to base a review on ... A picture ? -LRB- If its even there -RRB- Let us sample the music . Was able to before this Website was Amazontized . Other style was much much better and user friendly . Dont get me wrong , Im a nice young man , computer literate . To much B.S. writing . Fire who ever designed this thing.Truely Yours , Andru Sayre
 Well let me start by saying that i have been a Queens fan ever since the Kyuss days , and that this album is by no means total crap . i 'd say it merits three stars as a regular album , but coming from the same man that gave us Sky Valley , Blues for the Red Sun and countless other classics , this album is simply too tame for my liking . The production is perfect to the point of annoyance , and the whole work is centred on Homme 's current style . What I love about the queens last two albums , SFTD and Rated R , is their intense diversity - losing Nick took away part of that breadth that their music contained . This album seems bland in comparison to the other two albums . The Queens are in a long decline -LRB- unlike the desert sessions and mondo generator -RRB- , becoming more and more narrow minded with each album they make . Homme seems to have got his head stuck so far up his own arse that he 's forgotten that all songs need not sound the same . Having said that , the opening Mark Lanegan track is fantastic , In my head is great -LRB- better on the desert sessions -RRB- , but the album lacks any true standouts in my opinion . The guests are quite good if somewhat portentuously presented . Part of the charm of the desert sessions is that Homme allowed others in on the work , it was more of a group effort . This album feels more like a bunch of people adding to Homme 's work , which is not what the queens were originally about . A damn shame , cause this is the first album of theirs that i have truly disliked . Sorry Josh !
 After several listening attempts I 'm convinced that all the songs on this cd were leftovers from the last desert sessions . Nick was , without a doubt , the creative force in this band and his lack of presence is noticed on every song . Songs for the Deaf offered a glimpse of great things to come , but all good things come to an end . An exteremly boring and average desert sessions , then a slightly less boring and average Eagles of Death Metal , and now this . I can only be thankful that PJ Harvey does n't moan and wail on this cd . Keep your finger near the fast forward button , or just stick with the old stuff .
 Now , I wo n't pretend to know what Queens of the Stone Age are all about . I 'm actually writing this review out of shock from watching the video for ` everybody knows that you are insane ' . Its starts of with this Asian guy lying in the snow ... except he 's naked . That 's right and I mean naked . Oh and where I come from there is no censorship so I got to see this guy in all his , albeit puny , naked glory . He proceeds to dance around , air humping at the camera which is primarily focused on his rather small appendage . When I say focused I mean a foot away . If anyone here has ever watched Italian -LRB- or indeed European -RRB- porn , you 'll know what I mean when a say it gets pretty close for comfort . Well this guy has his fun
 Alright , it 's getting two stars because there 's two good songs on it , and that 's the ONLY reason it gets two stars . This CD and this band is so over rated it makes me sick . If they would have been around say 20 years ago , they would have fit right in with their 80s hair band sounding drivel . The lyrics are n't bad , there 's a few lines that make you go HELL YEAH , but for the most part , BOREDOM sets in around the 4th or 5th track . And only lets up on one or two songs . So I 've already let it go to someone else who wanted the CD but could n't pay for it . I 'll stick with my obscure bands that no one has ever heard of . As for this CD , the best thing about it is the cover . SO , goodbye QOTSA , until next time ...
 For months now , notorious control freak Josh Homme has been heralding the return to rock via the new Queens of the Stone Age album that was released this past Tuesday . In article after article , Homme would extole the virtues of the cowbell , talk about the swelling sexy , and make it seem like `` Lullabies to Paralyze '' would single-handedly save music from the likes of Britneys and American Idols . But for all Josh 's hype , he does n't deliver . Most of the songs on LTP seem to just be rehashes of the best -LRB- and sometimes worst -RRB- of other QOTSA albums . The second song , `` Medication , '' sounds exactly like `` Regular John '' from their first self-titled . There are familiar guitar licks and chords phrasings throughout . And please , can he not come up with a better chorus than `` Everybody Knows You Are Insane . '' I almost wrecked my car when Track 6 `` in My Head Came On '' - this track was already released - almost identically - as `` In My Head ... Or Something '' less than two years ago on Josh 's side project , Desert Sessions 9 & 10 . So he 's not able to write enough new songs , he has to just repeat himself ? Or he could n't have just cut this song ? There 's already fourteen tracks anyway . Really , there 's only like one good song on this album , I think it 's either Track 9 or 10 but I ca n't remember because they all just kind of blend into one another . I have n't even watched the DVD yet - I ca n't believe I actually paid $ 20 for this album -LRB- and had it not be onsale , it would 've cost $ 27 -RRB- . I think Josh Homme is very talented - I love his other 3 QOTSA albums and his side projects . I was amazed when I saw QOTSA on tour for `` Songs For The Deaf . '' And that 's why LTP is such a big disappointment . SFTD set the bar so high , and despite all the talk , QOTSA has n't delivered on this one . Josh should beg Mark Lanegan -LRB- who appears only on the lackluster opening track -RRB- , Nick Oliveri -LRB- um , how is it a Queens album without Nick 's desperate , screaming songs at this point ? -RRB- , and Dave Grohl -LRB- no one drums better -RRB- to come back and create something amazing again . Or he should just stick to drumming in Eagles of Death Metal . Because this album is boring .
 After just playing the album through for the first time before writing this review , I realize I have n't given what I just heard much time to sink in , but since first impressions are everything , I 'm gon na share mine . This album is boring , it has no emotion , it all sounds the same , and the title was right on the money ... `` lullabies to paralyze '' , because that 's all this album will do to/for you ... put you to sleep . I do n't quite get why a a lot of the american public has a boner for this band , because if this album has anything to say about it , there 's some poor tastes in music out there . Have I heard crappier music than this ? of course . could I make a better album myself ? of course not . but for the hype that surrounds this band , this is unacceptable .
 This album did not appeal to me when I listened to it . I think the band should have sat comfortably on the success of their previous three albums and took some time to get acquainted to life without their killer bassist . This album sounds like a dump in a box in comparison . After each song I though , `` what was that ? '' There is no life nor clarity to the bass riffs , they sound faint and very artificial , not to mention rigged . Just simple , guitar mimicking garbage . It does n't sound like any type of `` maturing '' or `` style adaptation '' work , it just sounds like a `` let me get to big for my own good , fire my bassist , then put together a scrambled piece of nonsense knowing that it will sell decently due to the popularity of the past ones and hope no one notices that they just bought a mental fart in physical form '' album . In my opinion , worth burning , not buying . I think they need flea , -LRB- or someone of that calibur -RRB- his playing style would fit well with theirs , plus he rules . But as I said before , this is just my opinion , do what you like .
 I hate this album ! I ended up giving it away it sucked so much ! the only DECENT song is Little Sister , and that gets old fast !
 The title definitely fits the album 's songs . This album is pretty boring , especially by Kyuss and previous QOTSA standards . There just does n't seem to be any creativity in any of the songwriting . In most of the songs , it 's the same riff or lick over and over . There are practically no bridges , tempo or melody changes in the course of any of the songs . And there is really no edge to most of the songs . They seem to just drone on . Only Medication , Everybody Knows That You 're Insane , and Tangled Up In Plaid save this album to some extent . Overall , extremely weak .
 There are about 3 standout tracks on this album ; MEDICATION , EVERYBODY KNOWS YOU 'RE INSANE , LITTLE SISTER . So far I 've forced myself to listen to the full album six times to round out my initial dissapointment . There is no punk/garage rock vibe on any of these songs . I guess Nick took that over to his own project Mondo Generator . Lanegan doing lead vocals on one song ? No chilling morose numbers here . So because of the fact two of the three core members/songwriters of this group has parted ways with the other there is a noticeable lacking . There are n't any dramatic methamphetamine fueled freakouts -LRB- Oliveri -RRB- nor is there any delicate sadness -LRB- Lanegan . -RRB- No HANGING TREE , ... MILLIONAIRE , IN THE FADE , TENSION HEAD , etc. . Homme is my least favorite vocalist of the three -LRB- even though Oliveri 's screaming can be a bit annoying at times . -RRB- Everything is so drab here the unusual big/warm/fuzzy / middle-eastern/Sabbath tone of Josh 's guitar sounds more tame than ever . There are some cool solos cranked out but the synergy of the band is not here on this album . It 's more like a solo project and often those are much less interesting than a member 's band offering . I might have given this a 3 star had I not paid the extra $ $ $ for the deluxe edition with the dvd . Boy , was I a sucker . No live footage ?! That 's what made the bonus dvd of SONGS FOR THE DEAF . Here 's to a Oliveri , Lanegan , and Homme reunion .
 Big fan of Kyuss . Liked `` Restricted '' . LOVED `` Songs '' - thought it was brilliance . But this , sorry to say , is a total disappointment . Where 's the aggression ? The melody ? The balls ? The hooks ? the SONGS ?? It 's like Homme took all his most repetitive ideas and made a messy , boring joke just to see who was still listening . There 's the odd good riff ; he 's talented , after all . But mostly it 's totally flat . I hate it . I 'm giving my copy away . Spend your dinero on the new `` Corrosion of Conformity '' instead , it 's MUCH , MUCH better music . Peace !
 Going by the passed projects from QOTSTA , I figured it was a safe bet to just go out and buy it.Mistake , I should have reviewed it first on CDNOW.I wish i could return it.I feel this Band peaked with Songs for the Deaf.This is a band with a definative sound and they do not put their best feet forward with these 14 tracks ...
 A disappointment , although I expected a decline after the `` split '' . It is evident that the loss of Oleveri has hurt the band . Homme put in a decent effort , but it just not the same.It starts off well . . but starts to run together , and drag on.Now , a great band like Deep Purple handled the change of lineup wonderfully back in 1974 with the magnificent Burn album -LRB- voted best re-issue of 2004 by Classic Rock -RRB- but the QOTSA truly fail here.Musically this album is MUCH more limited . This album gets boring without great bass lines , yes Queens was better with Nick . And like one of my fellow reviewers said , `` Check out any album prior to this to see their fun rock side in its perfection . `` But do not get me wrong
 Who is Queens Of The Stone age ? 1 Person?I think this album is the deadline of J. Homme , I hope it ... Horrible .
 if you guys really want to hear the real qotsa i would much rather recommend you listen to `` rated R '' than either songs for the deaf or this one . i even liked them better when josh played in kyuss , but now they are just another washed up MTV band like all the rest !!
 Rubbish rappty musc for old men , seriously I hate these guys , little sister is an overated and crappy song , you people dont really like it do you ? And No one kniws sucks as well
 a couple of the songs are good , but most are so repetitive that the album on the whole is just boring . these guys need to take a Learning Annex class on writing a bridge or something .
 The CD is ok . Not great , not horrid.I only enjoyed maybe 4 songs max on this CD , and yes Little Suster was one of those 4 . My advice would be to wait until you can get the CD for under 10 bucks , then make your own decision .
 This was bound to happen . After the brilliant `` Songs for the deaf '' they release `` Lullabies to Paralyze '' . Why do I say `` they '' ? There is no `` They '' anymore . There 's only Josh Homme with some session-musicians . Songs for the deaf had Nick Olivieri , Mark Lanegan and Dave `` bleepin ' '' Grohl ! Nick Olivieri 's absence takes away their edge , Mark Lanegan only sings the intro , and well the new drummer is NO DAVE GROHL !!! The sound leans toward the Debut album . But it 's not as good as the debut album either.I think it could have been a lot better if only Nick had stayed , I mean everyone knew Grohl & Lanegan would n't stay permanently . But losing Olivieri ? He gave them that edge . Homme is more of a `` tripper '' . As we can hear on this album . Still I like the single `` Little Sister '' and there are more catchy tunes here . But it should have been credited as a Josh Homme solo album .
 Whew . Like a lot of people here , I got into this band from the Songs for the Deaf album . I thought they were a fresh , promising band . Great songs , catchy as hell , diverse , intelligent , recorded INSANELY well . Totally dry , in your face , and energetic . The recording alone would have made that album great . I bought the new album blindly , thinking `` it ca n't be that bad '' ... well , one word
 Great movie and one of the best examples of film noir but this release is awful . The image quality is terrible and it looks like it is copy off an old print with bad scratches , milky contrast and clicking and popping on the track . I hope a reputable company like Criterion gets the rights and they can do a restoration and new transfer . Meanwhile do n't waste your money on this version ,
 Film Noir Lovers - you can now have a quality print of The Big Combo -LRB- 1955 -RRB- ! I have purchased three prints of The Big Combo -LRB- 1955 -RRB- : Studio
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** It 's instructive to compare ` The Big Combo ' with another detective film , ` Mystery Street ' , filmed earlier in 1950 . Both films were shot by the great cinematographer , John Alton . Where ` Mystery Street ' features a cool-headed detective finely played by a young Ricardo Montalban , ` The Big Combo 's investigating officer is the hot-headed Lieutenant Leonard Diamond -LRB- with a stiff Cornel Wilde miscast in the role -RRB- . Montalban 's detective solves a difficult crime with finesse , always doggedly pursuing one clue after another until he arrives at a solution . In contrast , Wilde 's Diamond is clueless from the beginning ; he has nothing on Mr. Brown in terms of solid evidence and appears utterly impotent each time he has a face-to-face confrontation with the elusive psychopath.At the beginning , we find out that Diamond has exceeded the police department 's budget for investigating a case with no leads . In terms of today 's money , the -LRB- ... -RRB- would probably be equal to -LRB- ... -RRB- and at the very least Diamond would have been taken off the case for mismanagement of police funds.Like Mystery Street which featured ahead of its time CSI techniques , ` The Big Combo ' tries to prove it too is relevant . The first ` gadget ' is a tape recorder which Diamond uses to record his statement to the Commissioner about the funds used in the Brown investigation . That goes nowhere so we 're then supposed to be impressed by Diamond 's use of a lie detector after Brown agrees to be questioned . Brown 's responses to Diamond 's questions are hilarious -LRB- Question
 Length :
 It is sad that such a tense , gritty and beautiful little film has been given such an awful presentation . The picture quality is passable , but tends to be murky . John Alton was noted for his use of shadows , but this transfer leaves much to be desired . It can be lived with , however , since this was an independent film and possibly nothing else survives . The sound howver , is another story . It is TOTALLY unacceptable . Throughout the entire film , quite loud at time , is an audio problem known as `` motorboating '' . This occurs when the edge of the picture frame gets into the track area and you `` hear '' the frame lines in the soundtrack as a constant humming , like a boat motor . It RUINS this films , especially in a scene where silence is key . Although this problem is present in the original material used to make this transfer , it should have been corrected . I can not recommend this video to anyone unless you are a die-hard J.H. Lewis fan . It 's sad , because this is a highly enjoyable film , a fascinating counterpoint to Lewis 's raucous `` Gun Crazy '' .
 What an utter waste of time . I love old black and white movies , especially film noir , but the lighting is amateurish , the acting is very stiff , the ideas are idiotic -LRB- they arrest a woman for murder because she attempts suicide -RRB- , the makeup is incredibly poor -LRB- one man 's gray hair looks like it was applied with house paint -RRB- , the music is suddenly loud for no reason , but the writing should get a special award for stupidity . There is a wandering , nonsensical , and boring plot line that could not be saved with the greatest of actors , and they certainly are not that . Having seen it all the way through , I have no idea what a `` Big Combo '' is or why anyone wanted to make this movie . It is so bad I will hesitate to order a Big Combo the next time I want fries with my hamburger . I 'm actually sorry that I have to give it one star . Stinko !
 Fans of the Noire B-Picture can learn a lot from this movie . Joseph Lewis -LRB- the magnificent `` Gun Crazy '' -RRB- helms it , John Alton -LRB- `` T-Men '' , `` Railroaded '' , and the astounding `` Raw Deal '' -RRB- photographs , and the cast includes Cornel Wilde , Richard Conte , Brian Donlevy , and the young Lee Van Cleef and Earl Holliman.Film students take note : There 's obviously no money to spare here
 Why not get the real thing ? Steve Bell can sing , but no one can do Cockburn 's songs like the man himself can . If you like what you hear from these samples , buy Bruce Cockburn 's album -LRB- s -RRB- with the original songs instead . These covers are n't very good either . At least the Barenaked Ladies got creative with `` Lovers in a Dangerous Time . '' Steve Bell does a poor job of arranging and his high voice does n't go well with the jaded sound of Cockburn 's music .
 That boy mike jones is about to get what is coming to him . He running around houston claiming he the king of the streets boy please . If anyone want to hear some real underground rap from houston go get that Chamillionaire -LRB- The MixTape Messiah -RRB- cause that is a true mc that should be out there cus Dike Jones - Who - Dike Jones his album is never coming soon . He has been saying that it is coming soon since 2002 but all he has done is put out two trash cds before he would even put out the cd he been talking about for two years . now he about to put out a cd with Paul Wall Called - The Future - but where in the hell is His Solo album . Oh Yeah it coming soon since 2002 . Paul Wall messed when he turned his back on Chamillionaire but That Mixtape Messiah pt .2 expose this fraud ni -- as . So go get that Chamillionaire The Mixtape Messiah . SO you can remember what real underground music is . Hiram Clarke Tx .
 I bought this and found nothing of interest . But in saying that , it might just be me . The Indian/Jazz flavor is fairly unrelenting , whereas western melodic influences have sneaked through on their other albums . I like Indian , and I like Jazz , but for some reason Indian Jazz just does n't do it .
 ... but the sound quality of this collection ... well , does n't make this so `` essential . '' Prior reviews had emphasized this Columbia set not being culled from the original tapes , but I wanted to find out for myself . It turns out they were right.The sound is anemic at best . This collection , though not in chronological order , contains timeless EW&F tracks , but with a compressed feel to them . Hence , a great injustice was done to one of the finest recorded bands in the last forty years , because their music was n't given top treatment here . Maurice White may very well have been involved with the selection of the tracks , but he apparently had little input on HOW the tracks were mastered and from which SOURCE they were culled.If you want an EW&F collection that truly obliterates the likes of this one , go with `` The Eternal Dance . '' It may cost more , but you get a whopping 55 tracks on three discs -LRB- including some rarities -RRB- and a cool booklet with rare photos and informative band bios . But more importantly , you get a pristine sound quality , with all the tracks being digitally remastered from the original source tapes.As for Columbia 's `` essential '' collection , they probably could 've done worse . But believe me , they also could 've done a helluva lot better . Pass .
 As many have said the remastering done on this version lacks bass and medium . Although this is the most complete best of of the group on two cds , if you want the best songs AND the best sound quality , I recommend you the Japan-only 2009 best of called `` Fantasy '' : http://www.amazon.com/Fantasy-Perfect-Best-Earth-Wind-Fire/dp/B001O7713W/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s;=music&qid;=1273528510&sr;=1-5It is relatively cheap for a Japanese release and the sound is much better than `` The Essential '' release . It is probably the best sounding best of of the group currently on the market.For those interested , the Blu-spec Japanese release of `` The Essential '' does not add anything to the sound quality -LRB- blu-spec being a technology on the format of the CD , not on the sound -RRB- .
 After several years of waiting , Sony finally put out a great selection of EW&F songs in one package while utilizing a 24 Bit Mastering system . That 's Good , but judging from the sound quality it was clear to me that the original master tapes were NOT used ! They were so close to getting it right and they blew it ! I have no choice but to give this inadequate sounding album 1 star !
 I agree with other reviewers regarding Jarrett . His noises are irritating and distracting not unlike in his own 1970s live solo effort , `` Koln Concert '' . The sound engineers at ECM need to seriously considering editing these grunts and groans when remastering these discs .
 I agree very strongly with most of the other reviewers . Jarrett 's foolishness really makes this date worthless . Luckily , there is plenty of other DeJohnette and Peacock material available . On this date they certainly gained nothing from Jarrett.I would n't go so far as to say that Jarrett never made a good recording , but his musicianship is highly overrated in general . If you want to hear Peacock with a much greater pianist , listen to his work with Marc Copland , for example . I notice that this CD is not very easy to obtain -LRB- Amazon has been out of stock for a while at the time of this writing -RRB- . It is definitely not worth spending your time and money to locate this one !
 What happened ?! I have listened to UL since Blue Room came out years ago and this is total crap . Seriously . CRAP ! These guys are capable of so much more . I mean , maybe if you like trendy , meaningless lyrics and polished teeny-bopper music , this cd may be good for you . If you are a long time fan of a band that used to be play decent punk rock like myself , do n't even waste your money . I have been to several UL shows over the years and own every album , and this is disgraceful to their talent . If you are new to the band , I would suggest buying Oz Factor or the self-titled album . They are wonderful cd 's and are still on my favorites list . Here 's to the Morning unfortunatley will never grace my cd player again . It is directed towards a totally new audience this time and I guess I am not a part of it . Scott Russo , why did you have to sell out ?
 Well , I really wanted to like thier latest albulm . I listened to Here 's to the Mourning several times and could never get into it . Other than Save Me and The Celebration Song , the rest of the albulm fell flat . I am all for change and everything , but compaired to all of thier other cd 's this one was scary . I do n't know what type of genre they are trying to become , but the hard rock vibe does not work well with Scott Russo 's voice . I do n't know what I expected , but this was not it . As I listen to all genres of music , I feel dissapointed . What happened UL ?
 Wow , I 'm still trying to figure this CD out . Let me start off by saying I have seen Unwritten Law countless times , back when Blink 182 was still Blink and they used to play with UL around San Diego , I was there . I kinda grew up on listening to those bands . After Blink basically completely gave up with Enema of the State , and now the new record , things changed . As far as Unwritten Law goes , Elva was SO different than anything else , but it had it 's moments . Mean Girl was a catchy song , and the Actress , Model , Dancer and Up All Night songs were nice as well . But comparing Elva to the self-titled , there 's no comparison . Now unfortunately we have this CD , which , well I 'm not even really sure what to say . Remember when Green Day wrote Time of Your Life , that got big , then all of a sudden their next CD , all of the songs sounded like Time of Your Life ? That is kinda how I feel about UL . They got `` big '' with Cailin -LRB- which is a fantastic song by the way -RRB- , and their next CD , their big song was `` Seeing Red '' , both nice songs , but both slow songs . Now their new CD comes out , and well , the songs are slowish , almost all of them . UL have always had sing-along type songs -LRB- CPK comes to mind off the top of my head -RRB- , but they 've taken it a step further . Wade , the original drummer , is no longer in the band , and well sadly this band has lost me . I guess I 'm getting old , Blink , No Doubt , Offpsring all of these bands changed on me somewhere , and sadly UL is now part of that group . Change is good , giving up is not .
 ... Unwritten law !!! This band has always been a terrible Pennywise wannabe and now they seem to be hellbent on sounding like every grunge-lite nu-rock band on the radio ! I listened to the entire album online and all I heard was Creed , Fuel , Trapt , and every other terrible moron band one can think of . These dirtbike fanboy losers need to give it up and start a lame clothing company like SKIN already and stop poisoning the airwaves with their mediocre , copycat radio rock ! Bottom line ... this band sucks and so does anyone who thinks this Cd is n't a waste of the fossil fuels used to make the plastic that contains it !
 Man , these guys are like 10 years older than every other band on MTV2/Fuse/whatev . And the lead singer is giving himself way too much credit in their cartoon music video . He is hideous in real life . Oh yeah , this is a music review , so these guys ' songs are boring and lame too . There . Done and done .
 Unwritten Law has gone slightly downhill . On Elva , we saw some good old fashioned punk-rock laced with some slightly harder content . Also , it had some pretty good lyrics . I picked up ` Here 's to the Mourning ' expecting it to be more of the same , if not slightly harder . What I got was dumbed down , `` why ca n't I be on the radio ? '' modern rock . For example , the lyrics are just inane , making no sense , merely trying to rhyme wherever it seems like it needs to . You 'll hear nothing really new here , just some tired riffs and progressions that you 've doubtless heard before in other places.On the plus side , this IS Unwritten Law , and some of the songs are undeniably catchy and good to bounce your head to . I just think that this band is capable of much better music . This one 's a miss , but I sure hope that their next album shows recovery .
 I want my money back . After Elva and Music in High Places , I expected more , not just some really intelligent band trying to be hard ... badly .
 My buddy Tony from Pulley played drums on this record . and thats about as much good stuff i have to say . What happened to these guys ? the self titled record is so great . and elva had some great moments ... then ... this . The riffs do n't really stand out and the keyboard/synth sounds distract and sound too forced rather than help any of the songs . there are some okay songs and the vocals are good but even Linda Perry -LRB- who wrote christina aguilerra 's `` beautiful '' and much of her Stripped album among others -RRB- could n't save the unmemorable tunes . i did give repeated listens wondering if perhaps i was just not in the mood for a rock record ... then i realized i just wasnt in the mood for this record . do yourself a favor and listen to the soundbites here . thats the best advise i can give . i hoped that this record would bring back the band i dug on the self titled record but found the band that was starting to take over on the last record have finally decided to stay.honestly , i should have asked Tony to get me a free copy ... but he still has n't got me a free copy of the Jealous Sound record he did last year . punk .
 Buy this to collect the TSC in full , as I did . I 'd still have bought it , if I 'd known it was the worst TSC concert I 've heard . It goes less than 40 mins too.I was looking forward to hearing songs from `` The Cost of Loving '' LP , but -LRB- like every tune on this concert -RRB- , `` Heavens Above '' , `` Walking the Night '' have most of the melody taken out of them . `` Heaven 's Above '' -LRB- my favourite tune on the original studio album -RRB- is played much faster , and without the great sound on `` Cost of Loving . `` There was n't one song on here I actually enjoyed , and visually the council 's outfits did n't have the same debonair look of `` Showbiz '' -LRB- a much better concert to be released on the upcoming 2008 `` Style Council on film '' DVD . -RRB-
 While Breaking God 's Heart is not without some merit , it is a shadow of the band 's exciting and innovative first two singles issued on the little-known BoogleWonderland label . Clearly Hayman has been corrupted by the cancer of materialism and , as he suggests , is more interested in buying a house than making music with real integrity .
 this is the epitome of falling off - the lyrics are wack -LRB- pretty girl , real good girl ... my itty bitty world -RRB- - the beat is silly - i dont know what happend to tip - he 's been my hero since way back , but the old tip woiuld have agreed - this song is just plain sad
 Q-Tip used to belong to one of hip hops best crew , Tribe , I know that they are no longer together , but what happened ? This boy sold out to puffy or somethin !? Q-Tip is capable of so much more than top-40 bubble gum rap ! The man has skills to represent . The Tribe totaly laid tracks that bumped , humped , and made your head jump . I am very , very disapointed .
 `` Vivrant Thing '' was a big disappointment for me . I love A Tribe Called Quest and hearing Tip resort to this just tore me apart . Tip 's lyrics are way too simplistic and trite and the beat is somewhat catchy , but annoying . I got Amplified and turned this up loud to see if I 'd get up and dance , but no . It did n't do anything for me . Maybe if he came with better lyrics and added something to the beat , `` Vivrant Thing would have been fine . I hope Tip will come with better material in the future .
 Unwritten Law has gone slightly downhill . On Elva , we saw some good old fashioned punk-rock laced with some slightly harder content . Also , it had some pretty good lyrics . I picked up ` Here 's to the Mourning ' expecting it to be more of the same , if not slightly harder . What I got was dumbed down , `` why ca n't I be on the radio ? '' modern rock . For example , the lyrics are just inane , making no sense , merely trying to rhyme wherever it seems like it needs to . You 'll hear nothing really new here , just some tired riffs and progressions that you 've doubtless heard before in other places.On the plus side , this IS Unwritten Law , and some of the songs are undeniably catchy and good to bounce your head to . I just think that this band is capable of much better music . This one 's a miss , but I sure hope that their next album shows recovery .
 I want my money back . After Elva and Music in High Places , I expected more , not just some really intelligent band trying to be hard ... badly .
 My buddy Tony from Pulley played drums on this record . and thats about as much good stuff i have to say . What happened to these guys ? the self titled record is so great . and elva had some great moments ... then ... this . The riffs do n't really stand out and the keyboard/synth sounds distract and sound too forced rather than help any of the songs . there are some okay songs and the vocals are good but even Linda Perry -LRB- who wrote christina aguilerra 's `` beautiful '' and much of her Stripped album among others -RRB- could n't save the unmemorable tunes . i did give repeated listens wondering if perhaps i was just not in the mood for a rock record ... then i realized i just wasnt in the mood for this record . do yourself a favor and listen to the soundbites here . thats the best advise i can give . i hoped that this record would bring back the band i dug on the self titled record but found the band that was starting to take over on the last record have finally decided to stay.honestly , i should have asked Tony to get me a free copy ... but he still has n't got me a free copy of the Jealous Sound record he did last year . punk .
 ... Unwritten law !!! This band has always been a terrible Pennywise wannabe and now they seem to be hellbent on sounding like every grunge-lite nu-rock band on the radio ! I listened to the entire album online and all I heard was Creed , Fuel , Trapt , and every other terrible moron band one can think of . These dirtbike fanboy losers need to give it up and start a lame clothing company like SKIN already and stop poisoning the airwaves with their mediocre , copycat radio rock ! Bottom line ... this band sucks and so does anyone who thinks this Cd is n't a waste of the fossil fuels used to make the plastic that contains it !
 Man , these guys are like 10 years older than every other band on MTV2/Fuse/whatev . And the lead singer is giving himself way too much credit in their cartoon music video . He is hideous in real life . Oh yeah , this is a music review , so these guys ' songs are boring and lame too . There . Done and done .
 What happened ?! I have listened to UL since Blue Room came out years ago and this is total crap . Seriously . CRAP ! These guys are capable of so much more . I mean , maybe if you like trendy , meaningless lyrics and polished teeny-bopper music , this cd may be good for you . If you are a long time fan of a band that used to be play decent punk rock like myself , do n't even waste your money . I have been to several UL shows over the years and own every album , and this is disgraceful to their talent . If you are new to the band , I would suggest buying Oz Factor or the self-titled album . They are wonderful cd 's and are still on my favorites list . Here 's to the Morning unfortunatley will never grace my cd player again . It is directed towards a totally new audience this time and I guess I am not a part of it . Scott Russo , why did you have to sell out ?
 Well , I really wanted to like thier latest albulm . I listened to Here 's to the Mourning several times and could never get into it . Other than Save Me and The Celebration Song , the rest of the albulm fell flat . I am all for change and everything , but compaired to all of thier other cd 's this one was scary . I do n't know what type of genre they are trying to become , but the hard rock vibe does not work well with Scott Russo 's voice . I do n't know what I expected , but this was not it . As I listen to all genres of music , I feel dissapointed . What happened UL ?
 Wow , I 'm still trying to figure this CD out . Let me start off by saying I have seen Unwritten Law countless times , back when Blink 182 was still Blink and they used to play with UL around San Diego , I was there . I kinda grew up on listening to those bands . After Blink basically completely gave up with Enema of the State , and now the new record , things changed . As far as Unwritten Law goes , Elva was SO different than anything else , but it had it 's moments . Mean Girl was a catchy song , and the Actress , Model , Dancer and Up All Night songs were nice as well . But comparing Elva to the self-titled , there 's no comparison . Now unfortunately we have this CD , which , well I 'm not even really sure what to say . Remember when Green Day wrote Time of Your Life , that got big , then all of a sudden their next CD , all of the songs sounded like Time of Your Life ? That is kinda how I feel about UL . They got `` big '' with Cailin -LRB- which is a fantastic song by the way -RRB- , and their next CD , their big song was `` Seeing Red '' , both nice songs , but both slow songs . Now their new CD comes out , and well , the songs are slowish , almost all of them . UL have always had sing-along type songs -LRB- CPK comes to mind off the top of my head -RRB- , but they 've taken it a step further . Wade , the original drummer , is no longer in the band , and well sadly this band has lost me . I guess I 'm getting old , Blink , No Doubt , Offpsring all of these bands changed on me somewhere , and sadly UL is now part of that group . Change is good , giving up is not .
 Jon Hiseman writes in the booklet
 21/2 Atmosphere defeats substance in middling late seventies fusion , which at best evokes a mild Miles .
 I must admit that the title caught my attention . Sad to say the music wo n't . It reminded me of being in a department store elevator stuck in the mezzanine and unable to get out . You can save yourself . If you want good exotica buy a Les Baxter CD .
 I bought `` Black Halo '' at the prompting of my college-aged sons and loved it , so I went out and got Karma , Epica , and Fourth Legacy . All are carbon copies of Black Halo -LRB- I do n't know which was released first , I 'm just going by when I got them -RRB- . Since I ca n't return opened media , I 'll make money off them at a yard sale . Really disappointed . But Roy Khan has a KILLER voice . LOVE to hear him sing , even if it is the same thing every time . Get Black Halo if you want to try this band . The first track on that CD is the best one of ALL their CD 's .
 Amazon needs to re-list this CD.I bought this CD . When I received it , I realized that the content of the CD is entirely different from the Sample music listed on this page . It seems the CD is indeed called `` Romantic Dreams '' , but none of the listed songs on this page is what 's on the CD.Amazon needs to find the correct title of the CD that has all the music as listed here .
 It was disconcerting to see that CD had belonged to a public library . I would have preferred to give my money directly to the library . Also , the jewel case was cracked . This could have happened during shipping which means packaging was not good enough to protect it . If not , it was shipped this way . I would not buy another product from this vendor .
 My husband asked for this for his birthday . While I was glad to find it , it was truly awful - like the worst of the '60s garage band sound .
 If you liked Karen Clark 's other CDs and the style of those CDs you should not purchase this CD . 2nd Chance is not for those of us who enjoyed her more traditional style .
 What happened to Karen Clark-Sheard ... you know Karen `` Balm in Gilead '' - `` Could n't Tell it if I Tried '' - Clark-Sheard ??? ... I 'm so confused right now and the cd is collecting dust . True Karen can sing but I promise I feel like something is missing . Definitely will never match the anointing and sincerity of FINALLY ... I think the Clark Sisters are at their best live ... I love the Clark Sisters and I bought 2nd Chance because of what I anticipated , but I must say I was really hurt . `` So Good '' was so fake to me ... oh well , who am I to judge ? I give it 2 stars simply because she is a Clark Sister ... but there is always DORINDA and Twinkie though for those who want that REAL Clark gospel music ...
 While I feel it 's not fair to judge an artist by his/her last efforts , I was VERY anxious to buy this CD , due to her great performance and music on her previous CD . But sadly , all my anxiety was for naught . This CD bored me . I do n't know what it was . Was it the syrupy slow songs ? The too-silky vocals ? The continuous `` shrills '' of her voice ? I do n't know what it was but nothing on this album caught my attention . Even after repeatedly listening to convince myself to like the CD , I still did n't find one track that made me say , `` This is TIGHT ! '' Wait , one thing did catch my attention - her collaboration with Missy Elliot -LRB- oh God -RRB- . MISSY ELLIOT ... ON A GOSPEL CD ?! And even that song was weak . Overall , not taking anything from Karen 's amazing vocals , I was just an unhappy customer this time around and totally unmoved . I wish I had the ears of all those 5-star listeners , maybe then I would apprecitate it more.I gave this CD 2 stars because 1 star is too low and 3 is way too high . It 's more like a 1.5 to me.I hope Karen comes a lot better on her next CD . Chances are I 'll buy that with apprehension .
 If I were Simon from `` American Idol '' I would have to vote to send Karen , James M. , Missy and Tim packing . Knowing what Karen is capable of , having grown up listening , studying and idoling songs dating as far back as `` Pure Gold '' and `` Miracle '' , this album dissappoints me . Missy and Tim are very talented individuals for what they do . However , Gospel music is Gospel music . Do n't get it twisted , it 's more than vocals , hooks and bringing in a `` big name '' producer to work on your project ... IT 'S A LIFESTYLE . It just did n't FEEL like genuine Gospel music . I was also distracted by the monotone-like lyrics and vocal arrangement in `` Second Chance . '' Definitely not her best stuff .
 In December of 1989 when this was released , I had been an Olivia fan for 14 years and had always kept up to press with her records and TV shows -LRB- it was much harder pre-internet ! -RRB- as best I could . Olivia was never given extensive coverage in the UK but this was the first time I knew nothing about her latest LP until it hit the streets.My local record store phoned me and said they had ` Olivia 's new album ' . I was a little suspicious but still thrilled nonetheless . I shot off to get it and was immediately cheered by John Farrar returning to production duties . I could n't wait to play it ... Apparently , Olivia promoted the album quite well in America . There was a TV special and interviews aplenty . She said the reason she 'd decided to make a album of lullabies and standards was because her daughter Chloe , then 3 , did n't sleep well and she thought this might soothe her . She also claimed that the first time she heard it , Chloe wept . I know how she felt!The thing with vanity projects like this is that the timing has to be right . For Olivia , with 2 under-achieving albums before this one , it definitely was n't ... I can sort of see why she did it and it may have worked had she been at the peak of her career , but sadly ` Warm And Tender ' became her first album not to reach the top 100 . Back to my initial reaction . It was yet another WTF moment in O 's career , they were becoming more frequent , as I realised that I 'd struggle to listen to it ever again . The heavy orchestral production drained the album of any life and the songs were geared to the quavery top end of Olivia 's voice , which can be nice in small doses , but not 15 tracks worth!Horrid simpering versions of ` You 'll Never Walk Alone ' , ` The Twelfth Of Never ' and ` Over The Rainbow ' , the latter one of the worst renditions of the song I 've ever heard , sap your will to live while nursery rhymes like ` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star ' -LRB- yes , honestly ! -RRB- and ` Rock A Bye Baby ' , no less annoying , are at least mercifully brief.Olivia co-wrote the title track with John Farrar . It 's an ode to her daughter and is clearly from the heart . I should n't be mean , but it 's quite dreadful , what had gotten into her?There was a US single , Lord knows why . Olivia 's take on ` Reach Out For Me ' , it 's one of the best tracks , but there was no way it would ever be a hit . Ditto the eventual UK single , ` When You Wish Upon A Star ' , noted for a bizarre whistling kettle impression towards the end . O had lost it , big time .20 years on , I 've braved it again , and I 'm still not charmed . I have to say her voice is beautifully pure -LRB- though still too much whimpering -RRB- here and free of the vocal troubles she was to endure a few years down the line , but it 's just not something I enjoy listening to . ` Warm And Tender ' continued Olivia 's fall from grace , chartwise . She finished the 80 's exactly the opposite of how she started them . The album has many good reviews here . Some people dearly love it , but for me it was a peculiar choice of album at this stage of her career and remains , for me , her worst album after -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
 The sort of thing a pregant or new mother thinks , sings and does . However , since i am not a giggling infant this is simply dross . It sits near Physical in my CD shelves , but is miles apart in passion , quality and listening appeal . One for the car boot sales .
 I am a great fan of Kraftwerk and I decided that a cd of different versions couldnt be too bad . I was wrong , as this cd does cover kraftwerk songs , although they are so removed from the originals it isnt funny . You might say that covers arent meant to be an exact duplicate of the original song , but even as covers go , these are not worthy of a ` tribute . ' Even if you were n't comparing this album to the Kraftwerk originals , the tracks still sound terrible.Id reccomend you give this one a miss , and simply stick with the Kraftwerk originals
 `` Message From Home '' was the first of -LRB- so far -RRB- three albums by Pharoah Sanders produced by Bill Laswell and the first album by Sanders in quite a long time -LRB- I think since the '70s -RRB- to consist of all originals . It is not , unfortunately , very good.The album consists largely of synthesizer driven mid-tempo grooves well informed with percussion washes and fiery playing from Sanders . At its best , it proves pleasant enough -LRB- vocal chant-and-flute piece `` Kumba '' -RRB- , at worst it finds Sanders in drastic opposition to the music -LRB- ballad `` Nozipho '' finds Sanders overblowing and screeching against a soporific backdrop -RRB- . It 's not unlistenable , but its not the kind of record you 'll be reaching for.Sanders and Laswell would succeed much more on their future efforts , this one is really pretty far from essential .
 This album has British saxophonist Courtney Pine really coasting - smooth & mellow with a predominance of synthesisers & drum programming with no real `` blowing '' or hard edges . Very , very reminiscent of Kenny G with some synthesised reggae inflections & also some rather schmaltzy vocal work . If you like that sort of thing , fine , but in my humble opinion `` smooth '' jazz like this just is n't worth the time or money , given the abundance of truly high quality , inventive jazz available .
 This single , and most likely -LRB- though it saddens me to say it -RRB- the album from which it originates -LSB- Always Outmanned ... -RSB- , is dissapointing . This statement is only for those who love Experience and feel that the Prodigy peaked with Music For the Gilted Generation -- folks who were introduced to the Prodigy via Fat of the Land will probably love it . It 's got plenty of ... slurred `` singing '' by Keith Flint and mediocre beats that compliment it very well . I 've been waiting many years for signs of a return to the powerful , compelling , and complex beats of old , and it looks like I might have to just give up . My catalogue of 15 + Prodigy lps and eps might not be getting any new friends any time soon .
 Maybe it 's because I 've been listening to the energetic and inspired electronic music of german industrial/EBM for the past few years . Or perhaps it 's just Prodigy did not put enough effort into this release . Whatever the reason , I ca n't recommend this single ... Baby 's Got A Temper just does not catch the attention of my ears . In ways it does mimic the style of a few of Prodigy 's past songs with the break beats and repeating synth lines , but it just ca n't match the magic of their former hits like Breathe and Firestarter . The remixes of Baby 's Got A Temper are not really that much to look forward to on this single either . Even die-hard Prodigy fans should find somewhere to listen to this single first before buying it . Hopefully Prodigy 's upcoming album will incorporate some more inspired songs for redemption from this lackluster single .
 The below reviews make me wonder if they heard the same song I did . Five years since their international smash `` The Fat of the Land , '' electronic punkers Prodigy return with `` Baby 's Got a Temper , '' a curiously muted comeback of a single . Though not awful , the beats and groove sound very 1997 ; a mid-tempo dance rocker with no surprises . I ca n't pinpoint what else is wrong with this single , but it looks like it could use a serious remix or maybe more production . The good news is that the band announced that their next album wo n't be around until early 2003 , giving Prodigy ample time to beef up their sound and come up with better material than this .
 Wow . Remember way , way back in 1997 when Prodigy released Fat of the Land and people thought that `` electronica '' would sweep the nation?No ? Well , this single will bring you back , since it sounds like it came off the cutting room floor of that album.Apparently Baby 's Got a Temper was released to fulfill some record company obligation or other . I believe it , too . A long silence from this somewhat questionable `` band '' , the song offers nothing new or interesting.Prodigy is basically one man , Liam Howlett , who is all of the talent behind the act . The rest of the cast are just there to sing and dance and be there . But the music -LRB- this is really just big beat techno -RRB- is sometimes fused with the rasping voice of Keith Flint -LRB- you know , the guy with makeup and spikes on his head -RRB- who sings about rohypnol on this song . And people wanted to make a stink.Don ' t bother . This single came and went . Perhaps The Prodigy will release a new album , although outside of their home UK they will most likely fight a very steep uphill battle to be relevant anymore.So it 's basically a one-off single and some mixes . Really recommended to Prodigy fans who want to hear it all , but this is blatant MP3 material .
 This song was ok , but if that is what the whole album will sound like I will be pissed . They take a five year break and come up with this for a first single ? Considering the time they have had , this song is a disgrace . I am thankful for the instrumental version cuz Keiths singing in it ruins the whole thing .
 Zero . That 's how many stars this gets . Why ? There is a ream of evidence suggesting that this entire EP was taken from draft to final cut in one ... afternoon ... . I previewed `` Baby 's Got a Temper '' ... The wonderfully creative lyrics play out again and again
 Anyone interested in purchasing this import single at the import price should be advised that this 8 + minute version appears on John 's CD The Complete Thom Bell Sessions , as does `` Three Way Love Affair '' . I already had this CD in my library but was not aware of its inclusion before making this purchase . For $ 9.98 you can own an entire album , compared to the $ 11.99 import price of this CD-Single . This song is n't even one of his best . However , The Complete ... also includes `` Mama Ca n't Buy You Love , which make that CD 's purchase worth the ten bucks .
 I ca n't believe that this song came on the top of the list and his great `` Original Sin '' single from 2002 did n't even reach top 20 . This song is n't disaster , but it is one of his weakest and it is n't even Elton 's composition . If you wan na this song , buy then `` Complete Thom Bell Sessions '' album . There is also `` Three way Love Affair '' on it.This is sweet repetitive disco song with too much sugar on it . Not disaster , but certanly not one of his best at all .
 Saying this is the best Savoy Brown release in a number of years is not really saying a whole heck of a lot . True Simmonds can play a mean guitar , but so can dozens of other blues artists . What really bothers me about this disc is the weak vocals from Simmonds ; and the musicians for hire approach . Just call this a Kim Simmonds solo album and I 'll maybe add another star . This is just straight ahead , workmanlike , `` whiteboy '' blues in the tradition -LRB- or re-tread-ition -RRB- of John Mayall ; however Simmonds is no Clapton , Green , or Taylor . I 've listened to the disc a few times and the repeated listenings have done nothing to change my opinion . Now it 's headed for auction on eBay.Unlike my vinyl copies of `` Blue Matter '' & `` Raw Sienna '' which I sleep with under my pillow . `` Lonesome Dave '' rest in peace .
 Re-tread songs , helpless rhythm section , HORRIBLE singing ... this is the worst CD I bought this year . Try to get some classic SB instead , because this sounds like it was recorded in someone 's garage . Painful and sad . Milk it , Kim .
 If you like seeing a band at less than optimum capacity , with warts and all then this one should be in your collection . Townsend and Daltrey really seem to be bickering back and forth about something . This Who DVD does n't seem to have the `` fire '' of their other work .
 I 'm not sure what went wrong with the production of this DVD , but whoever signed off on it as a `` professional , commercial product '' most certainly should be shot . Repeatedly . In the head.This DVD is unwatchable crap that looks like it was recorded using a cellphone camera . For example , anytime the camera points to the lights on stage , the video blows out , meaning that the band mates disappear into a blur of bright yellow . Of course , comparing this DVD 's video quality to that of a cellphone 's , is an insult to cellphones.It was mentioned in a previous review that this concert was for charity , so if you 're feeling charitable and want to waste your money , go ahead and buy the DVD and use it for target practice -LRB- a la `` Success Story '' -RRB- but if you 're looking for a good Who concert DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!!
 As much as I like the Who and as much as I believe that they have really come back from the dead recently , this is a really crap DVD of a really good band . It comes across as a quick cash-in with low quality-control . If you are a Who completist why not . Otherwise the Albert Hall DVD is better as is the Isle of Wright or the Kids Are Alright . Avoid this one .
 why was this dvd of the who ever produced , it is terrible , i know the who did this session for charity but oh , why put the concert onto dvd its awfull , wait until the who produce a dvd of one of the concerts where they have had time to practise at least . . dont buy if your a fan & if not dont be put off by this dvd
 This is a somewhat lackluster performance from one of my favorite groups . Sometimes bands have an `` off '' night , and this seemed to be one of them . Unfortunately , it was captured forever on video.The Who seem to struggle through the set , at times looking tired and panicked . John fights to hit the high notes in `` My Wife '' -LRB- after Pete seems to introduce the wrong song -RRB- and does n't lend any backing vocals on `` My Generation '' , Zak Starkey plays on after everyone else correctly hits the ending of `` Baba O'Riley '' , Roger forgets the first verse of `` 5:15 '' . These little stumbles would normally be forgivable if the performance had the incredible energy of `` Concert for NY '' or `` Royal Albert Hall '' . Unfortunately , it does n't . Technically , this disc is far inferior to Albert Hall . Sound quality is average , and the video was not shot in HD . Much of the time the image is blown out by the lighting . The camera angles are limited , and the only motion comes from one jib arm.Bonus features are not even listed on the box . These include a brief interview with Roger , and an almost inaudible interview with John Entwistle . Between his accent and the background noise , I could barely understand any of it . There are also incredibly painful interviews with the audience -LRB- who cares ? -RRB- including an awkward moment where the host asks a woman to get on the floor and simulate the birthing of her child . The host of `` Double Dare ! '' also pops up in a pointless remote from backstage . We never get to see The Who approaching the stage , though.The box mentions that this show was part of a huge hoax on the part of the company `` Pixelon '' . Apparently they conned everyone into thinking they were beaming the show out to the entire world via the internet . It would have been interesting to include a bonus feature explaining exactly what happened , but alas , they did n't bother.This disc is really for Who completists only .
 There have been few people to approach G. Shearing 's talent for playing the piano . This record was no exception as his phrasing and arranging done `` internally '' on one instrument is typically impeccable . The selection of material is likewise very , very good . However , this recording was done at the private studio of Hans Georg Brunner-Schwer in 1974 . While the equipment there might have been quite good for a private studio in 1974 , the tape noise on the recording is so pronounced as to be a real distraction . Perhaps as an MP3 recording listened to in a car this would be an acceptable level of fidelity , but on a decent modern home system ... no . This is the first Shearing recording I 've ever regretted purchasing . That 's the bad news . The good news is that there are numerous other examples of his talent out there in print and many of them sound absolutely wonderful , even for their age .
 I love Los Van Van . However , this CD is a major diappointment . Poor singing combined with poor sound engineering translates into a strong recommendation not to spend your money on this CD . Do yourself a favor and pick another one -LRB- `` En el malec&oacute;n de La Habana '' is one of my favorites and is guaranteed to get your feet moving -RRB- .
 If you liked Karen Clark 's other CDs and the style of those CDs you should not purchase this CD . 2nd Chance is not for those of us who enjoyed her more traditional style .
 What happened to Karen Clark-Sheard ... you know Karen `` Balm in Gilead '' - `` Could n't Tell it if I Tried '' - Clark-Sheard ??? ... I 'm so confused right now and the cd is collecting dust . True Karen can sing but I promise I feel like something is missing . Definitely will never match the anointing and sincerity of FINALLY ... I think the Clark Sisters are at their best live ... I love the Clark Sisters and I bought 2nd Chance because of what I anticipated , but I must say I was really hurt . `` So Good '' was so fake to me ... oh well , who am I to judge ? I give it 2 stars simply because she is a Clark Sister ... but there is always DORINDA and Twinkie though for those who want that REAL Clark gospel music ...
 While I feel it 's not fair to judge an artist by his/her last efforts , I was VERY anxious to buy this CD , due to her great performance and music on her previous CD . But sadly , all my anxiety was for naught . This CD bored me . I do n't know what it was . Was it the syrupy slow songs ? The too-silky vocals ? The continuous `` shrills '' of her voice ? I do n't know what it was but nothing on this album caught my attention . Even after repeatedly listening to convince myself to like the CD , I still did n't find one track that made me say , `` This is TIGHT ! '' Wait , one thing did catch my attention - her collaboration with Missy Elliot -LRB- oh God -RRB- . MISSY ELLIOT ... ON A GOSPEL CD ?! And even that song was weak . Overall , not taking anything from Karen 's amazing vocals , I was just an unhappy customer this time around and totally unmoved . I wish I had the ears of all those 5-star listeners , maybe then I would apprecitate it more.I gave this CD 2 stars because 1 star is too low and 3 is way too high . It 's more like a 1.5 to me.I hope Karen comes a lot better on her next CD . Chances are I 'll buy that with apprehension .
 If I were Simon from `` American Idol '' I would have to vote to send Karen , James M. , Missy and Tim packing . Knowing what Karen is capable of , having grown up listening , studying and idoling songs dating as far back as `` Pure Gold '' and `` Miracle '' , this album dissappoints me . Missy and Tim are very talented individuals for what they do . However , Gospel music is Gospel music . Do n't get it twisted , it 's more than vocals , hooks and bringing in a `` big name '' producer to work on your project ... IT 'S A LIFESTYLE . It just did n't FEEL like genuine Gospel music . I was also distracted by the monotone-like lyrics and vocal arrangement in `` Second Chance . '' Definitely not her best stuff .
 None of these are original recordings . Highly disappointing . The audio also has a weird echo , making all the songs sound like they were recorded in a dingy nightclub rather than a recording studio . But there are no audience sounds , so who knows . If you 're looking for some classic ORIGINAL Roy Clark hits , do n't bother with this one . You 'll be disappointed . This one goes straight to the top of the `` trade-in '' pile for the local Used CD Store .
 If we ignore the early pot-boilers from when Luc&iacute;a was a teenager , then with every album up to this point he moved forward . Here , however , he seems to be at a relative loss . Perhaps he was merely pausing and taking stock , but the unity ofSirocois missing from this recording.The starkness of the former is again found in the opening Buler&iacute;a , and the Taranta , which are the two best tracks . After this , however , the album goes downhill . `` Chick '' is pleasant enough -LRB- although nothing to do with Flamenco -RRB- . The pyrotechnics of the much-heralded duet with Manolo Sanl&uacute;car , `` Compadres '' , ca n't conceal the fact that it does n't have much to say . The drums and flute on the title track merely add increased employment among musicians.Luc&iacute;a knows Flamenco inside and out , and thus is able to take elements from other kinds of music and fit them into it with good taste . Unfortunately , he simply has n't the vocabulary to produce jazz of comparable quality ; and while I have certainly heard a lot worse , it is sad to hear one of the World 's greatest musicians sounding like a second-rate Baden Powell , as he does on `` Playa del Carmen '' ; `` Canci&oacute;n de Amor '' is just elevator music , a depressing low point in the artist 's recording career.The information provided is not so much minimal as nonexistent , devoid of even the usual expostulations from Felix Grande . We are left to deduce what we can about the other musicians from the composer credits , and Luc&iacute;a 's expressions of thanks.Despite moments of great beauty , this album is a mess
 This album is a deep disappointment . On ` Siroco ' , Paco had pushed the boundaries of Flamenco yet kept its roots . This album , in contrast , sounds like an uninspired rehash . Even the Bulerias ` Compadres ' - with Manolo Sanlucar - generates no excitement at all . -LRB- Compare this to any Bulerias by Cameron with Paco and Tomatito playing . -RRB- The track Zyryab just passes me by - elevator music . Skip this , get Siroco instead .
 There is much better music around.As largely exemplified by the comments below by the user from New Orleans , music - or whatever - that inpires , generates and promotes such a deluge of condescending , derogatory and hateful remarks towards others is clearly not worth your while.You will do much better spending your time and money elsewhere .
 This single , and most likely -LRB- though it saddens me to say it -RRB- the album from which it originates -LSB- Always Outmanned ... -RSB- , is dissapointing . This statement is only for those who love Experience and feel that the Prodigy peaked with Music For the Gilted Generation -- folks who were introduced to the Prodigy via Fat of the Land will probably love it . It 's got plenty of ... slurred `` singing '' by Keith Flint and mediocre beats that compliment it very well . I 've been waiting many years for signs of a return to the powerful , compelling , and complex beats of old , and it looks like I might have to just give up . My catalogue of 15 + Prodigy lps and eps might not be getting any new friends any time soon .
 Maybe it 's because I 've been listening to the energetic and inspired electronic music of german industrial/EBM for the past few years . Or perhaps it 's just Prodigy did not put enough effort into this release . Whatever the reason , I ca n't recommend this single ... Baby 's Got A Temper just does not catch the attention of my ears . In ways it does mimic the style of a few of Prodigy 's past songs with the break beats and repeating synth lines , but it just ca n't match the magic of their former hits like Breathe and Firestarter . The remixes of Baby 's Got A Temper are not really that much to look forward to on this single either . Even die-hard Prodigy fans should find somewhere to listen to this single first before buying it . Hopefully Prodigy 's upcoming album will incorporate some more inspired songs for redemption from this lackluster single .
 The below reviews make me wonder if they heard the same song I did . Five years since their international smash `` The Fat of the Land , '' electronic punkers Prodigy return with `` Baby 's Got a Temper , '' a curiously muted comeback of a single . Though not awful , the beats and groove sound very 1997 ; a mid-tempo dance rocker with no surprises . I ca n't pinpoint what else is wrong with this single , but it looks like it could use a serious remix or maybe more production . The good news is that the band announced that their next album wo n't be around until early 2003 , giving Prodigy ample time to beef up their sound and come up with better material than this .
 Wow . Remember way , way back in 1997 when Prodigy released Fat of the Land and people thought that `` electronica '' would sweep the nation?No ? Well , this single will bring you back , since it sounds like it came off the cutting room floor of that album.Apparently Baby 's Got a Temper was released to fulfill some record company obligation or other . I believe it , too . A long silence from this somewhat questionable `` band '' , the song offers nothing new or interesting.Prodigy is basically one man , Liam Howlett , who is all of the talent behind the act . The rest of the cast are just there to sing and dance and be there . But the music -LRB- this is really just big beat techno -RRB- is sometimes fused with the rasping voice of Keith Flint -LRB- you know , the guy with makeup and spikes on his head -RRB- who sings about rohypnol on this song . And people wanted to make a stink.Don ' t bother . This single came and went . Perhaps The Prodigy will release a new album , although outside of their home UK they will most likely fight a very steep uphill battle to be relevant anymore.So it 's basically a one-off single and some mixes . Really recommended to Prodigy fans who want to hear it all , but this is blatant MP3 material .
 This song was ok , but if that is what the whole album will sound like I will be pissed . They take a five year break and come up with this for a first single ? Considering the time they have had , this song is a disgrace . I am thankful for the instrumental version cuz Keiths singing in it ruins the whole thing .
 Zero . That 's how many stars this gets . Why ? There is a ream of evidence suggesting that this entire EP was taken from draft to final cut in one ... afternoon ... . I previewed `` Baby 's Got a Temper '' ... The wonderfully creative lyrics play out again and again
 Little too much jam and not enough Jazz but still good listening overall . Intended a three star review but edit does n't let me change the `` star '' value .
 Before I bought this CD , I listened to the samples and thought the CD was gon na be great . Turns out , that this CD is full of tunes that are so generic and repetitious that after the first minute of each song , you just get bored because it sounds as if the songs starts over again . Thackery does n't really change the melody from one segment to the next and as a song progresses , it sounds as if he is running out of ideas . This is where things start to get right down dull and makes the CD a waste of money.Regardless of the great reviews this CD got , my opinion is that this CD deserves two thumbs down ... . way down !
 Nicky Cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment , as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movie
 I watched these today and was amazed at the unmitigated ego displayed by the -LSB- ... -RSB- ex-dylan drummer Mickey Jones . It is n't that the pictures I saw were poor quality and out of focus , it was really all about Mickey Jones and a kind of boring travelogue that we watch when friends take a vacation - but this - just to use Dylan 's name and The Band 's name and see shadows of them as they fade in or out and what do we learn that most die hard Dylan fans do n't know - nothing ! -LSB- ... -RSB- there are wonderful , interesting CDs and DVDs and books that are intellectually and emotionally stimulating and while they may not answer questions , they certainly provoke and disarm and display all the charm and hauteur and humor that Dylan possesses and projects . Just do n't bother , please . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A better title for this expensive unwatchable video should be Bad Religion : ... The packaging promotes itself by saying on the websites and back of the box `` see the first beer bottle thrown to the last '' I did n't see even one beer bottle being thrown . There was a riot alright , but we do n't get to see it . If you like footage of a cameraman zooming in on broken glass and fire trucks then this is the perfect video for you , but I felt ripped by the misleading information the LA Access video had written for it , and the back of the video box ... in fact I emailed the company and asked them if maybe I got a edited censored version and they basically told me `` yeah you can see the rioting . . if you stare really hard at the screen when the show is being shut down you can actually see someone get hit with a beer bottle `` So I watched the video again and I saw the mentioned scene . . but you would n't have noticed it unless someone had pointed it out to you.The '88 Suffer footage is of poor quality , but it 's also a very historic piece of punk history so that makes this video the only thing worth watching it for
 Ok the first half of the video is from a rarely seen live concert from the '88 Suffer tour . The sound quality is poor , but it 's still cool . . HOWEVER . . the supposed infamous riot footage on the second half is nothing more but 30 minutes of filming broken glass and firetrucks . . we do n't see the actual rioting at all ... NONE ... the movie package misleads by saying '' SEE THE RIOT IN IT 'S ENTIRITY FROM FIRST BEER BOTTLE THROWN TO THE LAST , THE THROWING ROCKS , ect '' ... none of this is seen.we see the footage where the promotor shuts the show down because the fire marshall thought it was too overcrowded ... but no actual rioting . . just 30 minutes of boring footage of broken glass ... what a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- ... do n't buy it ... do n't waste your money ... I only gave it 2 stars for the concert in the first half . .
 This DVD has VERY terrible sound and VERY low budget video footage . The only good thing is it has alot of songs , and the riot is somewhat interesting . Bad Religion is a good band , but this DVD is awful !! : -LRB- You will feel ripped off if you buy this !! Borrow it first , if you can , before buying it !!! I guess this DVD could always be used as an expensive cup coaster .
 First , I do not want anyone to think I do n't like Bad Religion after this review , I like them alot . Im not rating the band , only this DVD . I picked up this DVD the other day because I have heard a handful of this bands songs , seen a couple videos and I liked them alot . I picked up this DVD , which is live footage of a concert plus live footage of a riot that follows the concert afterwards . Anyway , Im thinking of something good to say but I am having troubles
 Picture yourself standing behind a pole watching a concert . You would have been better off that the view you get from this video . I ca n't believe the Bad Religion boys would put out junk like this . The audio and video quality is terrible , absolutely terrible.There are plenty of songs to see them perform live , but your only perspective is off the stage to the left with a tiny camera held in someones hand . Do n't waste your money on this .
 i saw this video on the shelf at a sam goody and got all excited . hey ... its bad religion how can you not . and was all depressed when i left cuz i had no money for the video.about a month later i went into a diffrent video store and bougth the video . on the way home i was reading the cover getting all excited . trembling in anticipation . expecting to see bad religion in top form and a riot like in the movies . blood , violence , burning buildings destroyed cars.and as i put in the tape and watch it i said to myself `` the concerts alright ... they could have had a better camera angle tho '' and as i saw that the riot footage was coming on i got really exctied and by the end the footage i was pissed . i spend 20 bucks and all i got was some broken glass , concert goers rambling on about nothing . the bad religion stuff is ok . so let me sum this video up for you . unless you like bad religion old stuff alot or you are a hardcore bad relgion fan . you wouldnt like it . personally i like the proformance . bad religion did a good job . but the riot sucked
 I guess when you cant write new music for your own band you do covers nobody wants to hear . This cd is a waste of energy to even listen to it they owe me a hour of my life back .
 I 'll tell you what I like ; Time of the Season 3Your Move -LRB- live version on VH-1 smokes the version on cd -RRB- 3I Am A Rock 3Sound of Silence 3California Dreamin ' -LRB- until distracting , loud , out of place guitar solo makes me fast forward or turn off -RRB- 2.75 I might put the songs above in my ipod but I most probably will never listen to the rest of this cd again . BUT ... I still rock out to Cyclorama .
 I heard them on Howard Stern and loved the acoustic versions of the songs . I thought that is what would be on the CD . Well , it 's not . What is on the CD just sounds like watered down versions of the real songs . Also , it sounds like it was mixed poorly . Overall , a very bad album .
 I feel cheated in some way . I heard Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw on The Howard Stern Show playing ACOUSTIC versions of these songs . I liked the sound a lot . Then I bought the CD and found that none of the songs on the CD are acoustic at all.I 'm a big Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw fan otherwise I would n't have purchased the CD at all , but these songs are really just cheap karaoke versions of great songs . Shaw-Blades bring nothing new to them . The sound is VERY watered down . Like Muzak in an elevator . My advice would be to just buy the original versions of these songs as performed by the original artists.I 'll show mercy and give it two stars -LRB- which it does n't deserve -RRB- because I did like California Dreamin ' -LRB- although even with that one give me the original -RRB- . Shame on you Shaw-Blades , are you really that hard up for money at this point in your career that you need to release a karaoke CD ?
 Yippie Another Covers Album From Shaw . Good Thing Nugent Did n't Lose The Damn Yankees Name To Him Or That Is What This Would Be Called .
 Shaw Blades has finally come to terms with their aging creative talent . While not unexpected of Blades . He being of the band that brought you Sister Christian and Rock in America staples of marginal 80 's rock . -LRB- The B in Blades is for boring -RRB- But Shaw is very disappointing . I expected more . He should dump that anchor Jack Blades and find his inner musician again.Forget the Pepsi commercial . Next up , Shaw Blades remakes David Lee Roth !
 Sounds bigger than it should . Way too much compression . All instruments and vocals pushed to the max . Mixed for IPods . I quess I 'm an old guy.Louder in your face is not better .
 This one hurts . I loved Bombs Over Broadway and their self-titled release . I even enjoyed their old ska/punk styled albums , but this one is really a dissapointment . Now signed to Capitol , have Squad sold out ? I asked Jeff , the lead singer of Squad , `` what happened to you guys , I listened to the album and it was n't very good . '' He said , and I quote , `` We tried mixing the Clash with the Stones , but listen to it , you 'll get used to it . We had to listen to it a couple times before we liked it too . `` Okay so if the band has to get used to their own stuff , I think we have a problem on hand .
 Christian and cussing just ca n't mix . These guys write great music . They 're lyrics however , even though they are heartfelt , are not christian . I am very dissapointed to find out that this band that I liked decided to change . If your looking for a Christian punk cd , then do n't buy this , because squad five-O has changed for the worse .
 I 've always been of an opinion that Terje Rypdal is a much better backing guitarist in other people 's bands than he is a leader and a composer.His compositions on the `` Chaser '' disc are chaotic and completely lacking any kind of substance . I could hardly get to the end of the CD . I was bored to death.In general , the drummer Audun Kleive did a hell of lot better job than the leader.BTW , I recommend another disc with Rypdal on a guitar
 I listened to my Mel McDaniels tapes for years and wanted to upgrade to CD , But these sound nothing like the original songs .
 This is easily the worst of the three albums these guys have . Pick up the other ones if you want to hear some quality western harmony rockabilly .
 2 stars for 2 songs
 The introduction of digital technology into the hands of Klaus Schulze has led to a musical drought that has lasted almost the entirity of his career -LRB- with the exception of the fantastic Dark Side of the Moog series -RRB- . The huge , spacious , warm , and ethereal sound of his classic period were gone with the introduction of this album , and in their place we find dull , flat instrumentation and painfully cheesy solos . In essense , all the horrid 1980 's instrumentation our modern ears have learned to despise are packed into this album , creating a landscape of neon and bad hair . The only listenable track is Death of an Analogue , which comes across like a funeral march , but with an eerie vocoder thrown in . But that 's not enough to redeem what is one of Schulze 's worst albums .
 If you thought that the amazing sounds comming from Ohm 's studio work was due to ` studio ' work well guess again ! These guys have brought it to the house in their ` live ' format this time . The craftmanship these guys display is wonderful . Everytime I listen I am amazed at the musicianship . They have just raised the bar for three piece bands by quite a few notches . What a band !
 I got this album after hearing Jorge Ben 's great music on Africa Brasil . I checked around and read that this was a good one to get . I 've got to say that I was disappointed . It all just sounds a bit off . The singing is slightly out of tune enough to drive you crazy and the music never really takes off like I had read it would . Try Africa Brasil for a real taste of Jorge Ben or Tropicalia 2 if you are looking for Gilberto Gil .
 so i did . out the window one night . absolutely unlistenable . way too indulgent . -LSB- and i really like Gil -RSB- .
 Ms Lincoln feels it is important to e-nun-ci-ate very clearly to show everyone just how angry she is ! An-gry a-bout ev-ery thing . Dreadful . Why did Stan Getz waste his time with her ?
 There is only one word for this CD - - - DELICIOUS ! ! ! ! Went back and bought two more for friends . They agreed with me . ENJOY
 Season One of The Vice was just terrific . Good writing and , of course , Ken Stott is a fine actor . But Season Two moves like molasses , certainly the first two episodes . Endless , dragging , repetitive , no action . The writers sadly appear to have let the series down . Here 's to hoping they regain their initial touch .
 I 've been as much a Springsteen fan as anyone . I own all his albums , have seen him a dozen times and , prior to The Rising , admit his body of work is extraordinary . I bought The Rising because of all the hype -LRB- his appearances on morning TV , Letterman , etc. ... not to mention that the album was supposedly his response to 9-11 -RRB- . I 'm from New York . I 'm 40 yrs old . I watched 9-11 from my window on the Brooklyn waterfront . I know people who were murdered that day . Neighbors , colleagues , acquaintances , friends-of-friends . Nearly a year later , I 'm still meeting people I 've not seen or spoken to in a long time , and finding out that they lost people . I listened to The Rising closely . I WANTED to like it . I WANTED it to be cathartic . I WANTED it to be profound . I WANTED it to be comforting . It 's not . Not even remotely . To the contrary . It 's insipid and offensive . Other reviewers claim this is some of Springsteen 's best writing , and on Letterman Springsteeen himself said he felt that this was his best work ever . I knew something was off after a couple songs , but the third track `` Waitin ' On A Sunny Day '' was the clincher . `` I 'm waiting on a sunny day / Gon na chase the clouds away / Waiting on a sunny day . '' Aside from the fact that the lyrics were stolen from SESAME STREET -LRB- `` Sunny day / Keeping those clouds away ... Can you tell me how to get , how to get to Sesame Street ? '' -RRB- I 'm reasonably sure that the people who EXPERIENCED 9-11 , who lost husbands and wives and children and lovers , are n't waitin ' around for a ` sunny day . ' They 're likely still dealing with their nightmares . Throughout the album , Springteen uses the same imagery and language over and over
 IT HAS BEEN A MONTH SINCE THE RECORD CAME OUT.A PRE-ORDER OF `` THE RISING '' HAS YET TO BE SHIPPED TO ME.STINK!STINK!STINK!USE CDNOW YOUR MERCHANDISE SHOWS UP !!!
 There is only one word for this CD - - - DELICIOUS ! ! ! ! Went back and bought two more for friends . They agreed with me . ENJOY
 I love Andy Williams but I was really did n't enjoy this DVD . The picture quality is not good and the entire thing is in Black & white . I assumed that if this DVD was just released in 2006 that it would be a good quality DVD , but I was very disappointed . I really wish I had not spent my money on this item ; I feel it was a waste . I have many Andy Williams DVD 's and watch them regularly , however , I know I will never watch this again . Even if you like Andy Williams , do n't waste your money on this DVD .
 Despite all reviews posted here in this page are given 5-stars to this release , I need to be honest and explain why I am giving just one poor star . No , I am not crazy . Let me explain my point-of-view , and after that you can decide if this JH album really deserves more stars . Just to start , this album does not have a spinal-column that could guide the band -LRB- ? -RRB- or the musicians thru a solid path . There are tracks played by a duo , trio , 4tt , and sometimes a very loose quintet , and each of these tracks have a different mood , without any presence of a jazz soul , or even a real smell of jazz . Maybe the intention of recording these tunes was to make a homage/tribute to Mr Strayhorn , or maybe a recognition for Mr Henderson value in the 20th century Jazz History as one of the most important hard-boppers ever . But the result was very poor . If you really love Joe Henderson -LRB- as I appreciate -RRB- , try any of his albums from the 60 's -LRB- as a band-leader or as a sideman -RRB- , mainly those from the Blue Note era . In time
 got this out of the bargain bin ... should have left it there.It has an extremely short running time , which is a good thing , considering how boring and uncatchy the arrangements are.nothing for your money
 This record was a total disappointment and turnoff for me , especially coming after great , great records like Bright Size Life , Watercolors , and the first PMG record . Some of the compositions have their moments , but mostly this is pretty boring muzak ; there 's hardly any improvisation , inspiration , or edginess as there was on the aforementioned albums , just a reliance on cheesy new-agey compositions . This unfortunately foreshadowed stuff that I consider to be some of the worst music Metheny ever made , like Still Life -LRB- Talking -RRB- -- totally dull and sappy music . Another factor that does n't help this album is the muffled and unimpressive production . It just has no physical presence , crispness , or clarity . After hearing the first PMG album I was totally ready for the next record to knock me out . Instead , it was a total anti-climax .
 It 's all very well somebody saying ` ignore ALL the poor reviews ' but as the saying goes , there is no smoke without fire and I seriously could not recommend this CD to anybody who plays guitar . Speed guitarists have been around for years , Vinnie Vincent played in a similar way in the Eighties . All this guy is doing is playing scales as fast as possible , and if people are impressed with this kind of playing thats fine . But for me personally , it does nothing . I agree with the other reviews on the songs as well , they are poor .
 This is one of the most hyped up guitar players I have listened to decades . I do n't recommend this album unless you 're into robotic guitar playing with absolutely no feel . The songs are a joke as well . Just an all round waste of money really .
 I bought this CD after reading previous reviews , but must say that I have been very disappointed.This guitarist is nothing like any of the greats - Satrioni , Vai or Van Halen . All his music consists of is playing as fast as you can with absolutely no feel and no sense of direction . When the music does slow down it sounds like it 's being made up ab-lib and is very scrappy and unoriginal . The songs on this CD also have no commercial value and are embarrassing to listen to .
 Vinnie Moore , Paul Gilbert and Malmsteen were playing like this years before this guy even appeared . I have watched parts of his instruction video and it 's years out of date . If you do n't belive me get some Vinnie Moore from the 80 's and tell me that this guy is n't ripping people like Vinnie off ? The only people this will appeal to are the musicians that have no understanding of the genre . Michael Angelo looks about 50 anyway . Teenages were playing this kind of things in the 80 's !!! As for the songs on this album , total and utter crap .
 This album would have been good if released 20 years ago when shredding was the rage . Nowadays guitaring like this is a boring to listen to .
 cradle of filth sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! almost as much as dimmu burger . these 2 bands are only listened to by weaklings and posers . ragnarok might be kinda cool if they did n't steal their name from a gwar album , but probably not . if Gwar knew , i 'm sure that this lackluster band would be ground into sports drinks to be enjoyed by all of the scumdogs , and the scraps thrown to the worm . listening to this album reminds me of what it feels like to be almost angry . its fast and agressive , but the singer sounds like he used to be a woman and became a man through the wonders of modern medicine . but enough about that , the two reviewers below me , they probably have an Eve 6 cd in their rotation between dimmel burger and ladle of filth , and they sing along with LFO . pop rockers .
 Despite all reviews posted here in this page are given 5-stars to this release , I need to be honest and explain why I am giving just one poor star . No , I am not crazy . Let me explain my point-of-view , and after that you can decide if this JH album really deserves more stars . Just to start , this album does not have a spinal-column that could guide the band -LRB- ? -RRB- or the musicians thru a solid path . There are tracks played by a duo , trio , 4tt , and sometimes a very loose quintet , and each of these tracks have a different mood , without any presence of a jazz soul , or even a real smell of jazz . Maybe the intention of recording these tunes was to make a homage/tribute to Mr Strayhorn , or maybe a recognition for Mr Henderson value in the 20th century Jazz History as one of the most important hard-boppers ever . But the result was very poor . If you really love Joe Henderson -LRB- as I appreciate -RRB- , try any of his albums from the 60 's -LRB- as a band-leader or as a sideman -RRB- , mainly those from the Blue Note era . In time
 Although my kids love most of the Wee Sing videos , they never could sit through this one . Wee Singdom and the Christmas video are the only ones that they do n't enjoy . They are only slightly more fond of the Old King Cole video .
 My son loves the Wee Sing Train and others in the series , so we rented this one . I 'm glad that we rented this one before we bought it - this one stinks . It moves VERY slowly , and the songs are too down-tempo and boring.You 'll be happier if you choose a different title .
 Please take this review with a grain of salt , as it 's been years since I heard it , but when I bought this album back in the 70 's -LRB- on the strength of a cool cover and a title which promised pounding music -RRB- , I was very disappointed . I 'm not saying that this is a bad album , simply that it is marketed as a heavy metal album , and it 's not . It 's a pop record . There is nothing remotely heavy about this record , unless your idea of heavy is Boston with less distortion . If very light rock is your thing , it may be something to check out , but do n't be fooled by the title or the cover . Trust me , this was n't even heavy by 70 's standards .
 I 'm mad as HELL . I waited for this Master Piece to happen and Evil is on back to back ! That Sucks ! I love the song but not twice in one sitting . Come On . NOT THE BANDS FAULT . Learn how to remaster music . If you ca n't do the job right GET OUT ! YOU SHOULD BE FIRED , NO EXCUSE This is Unacceptable . Things like this really bug me .
 i bought this cd because i heard they had some ties to thursday , who are the best band ever . some of the music is good , but the vocals sound forced . it 's pretty boring . i 'd rather listen to thursday .
 If you 're new to Pat Metheny , Bright Size Life is NOT the one you want to buy . I think it 's his first work , and it basically sounds like any Jazz trio you may find in a college ensemble . CD 's like Letter From Home -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , Offramp , Secret Story , First Circle , and Still Life Talking have the outstanding and unique sound that made Pat a superstar.There was not even 1 song on this CD that I could add to my Metheny MP3 collection . Not even close . I wasted my money . I usually only do positive reviews on Amazon , but I got so tired of seeing Bright Size Life so high up in the Pat Metheny sales rankings that I just wanted to warn people .
 This recording was made ... so it says in the enclosed booklet ... in 1930 's and the sound is very disappointing . While the Mefistofele is wonderful with his rich , dark and sometimes over the top singing , the rest of the cast is so so . The soprano especially . At times she has a beautiful tone but mostly is screechy . Spend the extra money and get a newer cd .
 AndI know You Wan na Dance is Rivers best live album.Too bad it was released in mono.Unexcusable period.After all this is the 21st centry.I let the record company know about this and told them they should be ashamed putting out what sounded like to me a boot-legged copy.I was told that the legal department was interested.I e-mailed the gentleman back and gave him my address.The other album I bought it for 98 cenat in 1971 . It has some good material on it but it 's a through in.I would n't pay this much money for this product .
 The previous more enthusiastic reviewers might have been swayed by the intrinsic interest and originality of the music itself . As a big Berlioz fan , I have some sympathy with their endorsement , but it is precisely because I know and love the two main pieces here that I can not agree that these are the performances to buy if you want them in your collection . Collected here are the four cantatas Berlioz wrote for the coveted Prix de Rome between 1827 and 1830 , when he finally won - ironically with what was probably the weakest and most conventional piece as far as we can judge from the fragment which survives . Apart from the fact that neither `` La Mort d'Orph &eacute;e '' nor `` La Mort de Sardanapole '' is typical of Berlioz 's best music and the latter is merely a surviving fragment , they are both rendered unlistenable by the throaty , strangulated tenor of one Daniel Gallez-Vallejo . Apparently he has enjoyed some success in Europe , but I have never heard of him and he does not seem to have prospered since this recording was made in 1995 . Regarding the two longer , justly more celebrated works , they are given decent performances by the two good French singers here but you do n't have to look very far to find better . B&eacute;atrice Uria-Monzon gives us a straightforward , robustly sung Cl&eacute;optre which delivers nothing of the searing drama provided by Janet Baker or the noble intensity of Jessye Norman in her version - and she ducks a climactic B flat , taking a lower G option , which now sounds plain wrong . Apart from a fleeting moment of excitement when he delivers a startling asp bite which made this listener jump , Casadesus ' accompaniments are rather turgid , missing many nuances . The best performance by far is that of Herminie by the large-voiced dramatic soprano Mich&egrave;le Lagrange , who exploits her trenchant lower register and rich oboe-tones most effectively as well as having secure , ringing top notes - and her presence seems to perk Casadesus up a bit , but this is only 20 minutes of music on a disc lasting an hour , and once more Janet Baker does more with this cantata which provided the id&eacute;e fixe theme eventually used in the Symphonie fantastique.So this is not one of Naxos 's more attractive offerings and I advise you to look elsewhere for superior accounts .
 Though the musica has mucho potencial ' ... la qualita de recording es terrible ' ! Save your money ... or buy it from me for dirt cheap , mi amigo/a !
 this was a trick the CD does not work well , there is a scratch that made impossible to read the CD.I am a regular buyer and this is the first time that something like this happend , bad , I am Unhappy
 Though the musica has mucho potencial ' ... la qualita de recording es terrible ' ! Save your money ... or buy it from me for dirt cheap , mi amigo/a !
 Do not buy unless YOU want to waste 99 cents . This is NOT the original 1983 single release at all . Re-Recorded Junk is the proper description !
 How could Irene Cara herself take part in this `` duet '' ? She probably needed the money ... DJ Bobo is horrible and ruins the song
 sorry but if can not hear the cd . can i hear camioncito flecharoja ?
 I received The Gershwin Songbook , '' ` Swonderful . '' My complaint has nothing to do with Amazon or the supplier . I 'm just a traditionalist , and found the music and singing to be less than satisfying . As an arranger or singer , how could you possibly think your sense of rhythm or your lyrical ability could exceed that of the master ? I 'm here to tell you that neither of yours did . Just play the music and sing the lyrics as they were written so the listeners can sing along , snap their fingers and reminisce about happier times .
 ... but worth having for Cruzin and The Love i Need if your a true collector .
 Even Trower 's somewhat uneven records -LRB- Back It Up comes to mind -RRB- were far better than much of the musical output of a thousand other bands . This release , however , truly demonstrates he is A. Stuck in a time warp or B. Totally bereft of new musical ideas . The vocals are horrible - why Trower feels he can -LRB- or should -RRB- contribute vocals is a mystery . The singing chores should have been left to Livingston Brown , who has the type of voice Trower 's music needs and deserves . I 've seen Robin play live twice with Livingston Brown , and not having Brown 's lead vocals as well as better developed/more forward thinking musical material dooms this new release -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- . To say that much more was expected is an understatement !
 Robin Trower has produced the best rock/guitar albums of the last century . All his albums were great with James Dewar as singer , songwriter and bass player . After James became unfortunately ill everything that made the music special is gone . Not only his beautifull and powerfull voice is missing even the sound of Robin 's guitar sounds bad without him . Jimmy and Robin were the best .
 I 'm a guitarist and have been a big Trower fan since the very beginning . For the life of me , I ca n't understand how Robin has lost his ear for decent songs and vocals . For the life of me , I ca n't understand how any true Trower fan could even mention the title of this CD and `` Bridge of Sighs '' in the same sentence . This would make a decent Tom Petty album , but it makes a terrible Robin Trower album . It 's tired , draggy , and monotonous , not even considering the `` Bob Dylan 's grandmother '' vocals . Robin desperately needs a new vocalist and a decent songwriter . The only decent CD he 's released in the last few years is 20th Century Blues ... and it 's not that great ... but a helluva lot better than this !
 As a big fan of Union Station and O Brother , I had high expectations for this CD . Boy , was I disappointed . Most of the songs are either trite , sappy or too religious -LRB- not traditional gospel -RRB- . Big , big disappointment .
 I was disappointed with this cd . Some of the tracks are quite good in the bluegrass tradition with a bit of a modern edge . While other tracks are better described as contemporary country . In the end about half the cd , the bluegrass half , was quite good . Still , 50 % is a big ` F ' .
 Like many other reviewers on this page , I heard Dan Tyminski for the first time on the `` O Brother '' soundtrack as well . I was disappointed with this recording , though , because it sounds a bit too much like pop country for my taste . I 'd hoped for something that sounded bluegrassier . `` Please Dear Mommy '' I found to be overly sentimental and the God stuff is a little hard to take .
 It has taken me twenty five years and I think I have forgotten everything about this . Perversion of the play by turning the characters into little children.This is one of the worst movies ever and Richard Attenborough is a major reason . No understanding of the play .
 SO bad it is nearly forgotten . Hollywood turned it into a Michael Douglas movie at the peak of his career and completely and totaly ruined the show . It is just plain awful , nothing remotely close to what it ought to have been , or even close to the stage show . STAY AWAY !!!
 Hollywood ruined it -- the movie and the music . Get the Original Cast Recording instead . Not only is it cheaper , it 's much better .
 Gross . The faultiest cd I 've ever owned . Ten seconds of the end of each track begins the next track . No idea how or why , and no interest . Ordinary music , appalling artwork . An early Dan Siegel effort , best forgotten .
 These 1956/57 stereo re-recordings of some of his earlier hits are indeed , as one reviewer says , very well done . Also , the three pages of liner notes , adapted from text by Alain Tomas , are quite interesting . BUT , these distributors have got to STOP foisting upon the public items which , on the surface , lead us to believe they are original renditions.There is absolutely nothing on the front or reverse of the CD to alert you to the fact that these are re-recordings , and it is n't until you get it home , tear off the celophane covering , and start to listen to it - or read the second page of the insert - that you realize you 've been had.This is NOT to suggest that the music itself is bad , but in issuing a compilation under the title `` The Greatest Hits '' they not only provide remakes , but six of the selections were never hits for Louis in the first instance - tracks 6 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 14 , and 15 . Sorry , but as much as I love Louis Jordan and His Tympany Five this kind of deception just does not cut it anymore , and I simply can not go higher than 2 stars because of that . Enjoy it if you do n't mind , or seek out his ORIGINAL hits on other compilations .
 I really wanted to like this . I read all the glowing reviews , am familiar with the artist 's early work and was expecting it to be a good listen at least . It went from bad to worse . The tempo was all the same and I found myself waiting for it to be over . There was not a single song I wished to hear again . I could not recommend it .
 While her voice is certainly one of the best , this selection of songs -LRB- other than the first and last on the CD -RRB- is painful to sit through . If this album is in any way a reflection of the artist 's life , then you ca n't help but feel sorry for her . Very depressing and cold .
 Many critics dismiss piano rolls and , sadly , this album will persuade new listeners that they must sound clangorous and mechanical . This we know is not true . Wayne Stahnke did an outstanding job with his Rachmaninoff discs . Granted , he used computer reconstruction , but Kenneth Caswell , on the small Pierian label , did not , and his Granados and Debussy albums are uncannily realistic . The latter impressed even Charles Timbrell , an expert on French pianists . Equally musical is a more varied collection on the Phonographe label , which seems to include recordings made many years ago . Perhaps the piano used did not have to be `` restored '' but had been kept in good condition -- but I 'm just guessing . In any event , this Naxos album is , unfortunately , a thumping failure .
 WHAT LIES BENEATH is my favorite Alan Silvestri score , and one of my favorite scores in general . I will give the score , itself , five stars . It 's the album that I have a problem with . It has waaaaaaaaay too much music missing from it . This is due to the L.A. re-use fees , and I commend Varese Sarabande for putting money into the making of this album . However , I still wish that the complete score could be available . It 's good for when you have a half hour to listen to music , but if you are on a long trip or are sitting and waiting for somebody/something for an hour or more , there is not nearly enough material to keep you occupied . As short as it is , it is a good sum-up of this wonderful score.Not many people may mind the short length , given that it is one of those repetitive scores that can be summed up in 30 minutes . However , I never mind a score being repetitive . I would love to have every single note of this score some day . It would make a good Varese Sarabande Deluxe Edition , but that seems unlikely . The fees are very high , so I should n't hold my breath . -LRB- ... -RRB- let 's just get down to the score itself . It is a wonderful score . I would definitely recommend it for Alan Silvestri fans , as well as horror/suspense fans . Robert Zemeckis did what he thought Hitchcock would do in the digital age , while Alan Silvestri played the Bernard Herrmann of the new millenium . This score is very reminiscent of PSYCHO -LRB- especially `` Forbidden Fruit '' and the beginning of `` You Know '' -RRB- . Herrmann fans might also notice that `` The Getaway '' is sort of an homage to `` The Prelude '' from PSYCHO . `` The Getaway '' is one cue that makes this album worth getting . `` Reunited '' is almost as good . `` Ouija Board '' and `` You Know '' are enough to give your goosebumps goosebumps.If you are not a fan of Silvestri 's horror/suspense scores , but would rather go for something more emmotional , then this is perfect for you as well , as I am sure you will be moved by `` Panic Attack '' , `` I Opened The Door '' , and some of `` End Credits '' . I would love to have given it five stars , but like I said , the length is just insufficient . The score itself , however , deserves an unlimited number of stars . I say , you should still get it , but do n't depend on it to kill a few hours .
 The songs are unispired lazy reworks slaughtering the originals . If you own the originals , listen to them - theres definatly no improvements here . If you dont own them , buy them ! This is clearly just somone trying to cash in Rob Zombies work with very little effort or creativity - shame on them all
 dodgy production , poor arrangements . I own all of Rob & WZ stuff , and can not accept what they 're doing to his tunes on this CD . Ordered it specially & got rid of it after 3 listens ...
 I received The Gershwin Songbook , '' ` Swonderful . '' My complaint has nothing to do with Amazon or the supplier . I 'm just a traditionalist , and found the music and singing to be less than satisfying . As an arranger or singer , how could you possibly think your sense of rhythm or your lyrical ability could exceed that of the master ? I 'm here to tell you that neither of yours did . Just play the music and sing the lyrics as they were written so the listeners can sing along , snap their fingers and reminisce about happier times .
 I think this song sucks . It 's such a waste of money . The beat is a total yawner and the story 's lame , too . Is this supposed to be scary or something ? Well , it 's not . I do n't get why older kids think the Horrorist is freaky or scary , because to me he just seems like a boring guy who makes boring songs that sound just like tons of other songs .
 I was very dissappointed in this cd , its not country , its not pop , , its that boring awful ` new country ' , , the arrangements and mixing is as well , bad , , i couldnt figure out why til i read the credits and lee ann thanks mca for letting you do what she wanted basically with the music , well sorry lee ann , stick to singing , there are one or two good songs on it , , the rest is not stuff you want to listen to , , its too busy , , the song writing oh yes , is poor , , ,
 Lee Ann Womack is an awesome recording artist , but in her song , I Hope You Dance , the backup singers and vocals absolutely ruined that wonderful song . Lee Ann Womack does NOT NEED any backup singers !!!!! Some artists do , but NOT her ! .
 I bought this CD after hearing `` Ashes by Now '' ... love that song but the rest are boring . I was hoping there would be more songs like that on the CD . Most are slow , sleepy , depressing songs . She has a beautiful voice , which comes through on this CD , but that still does n't making it worth listening to more than once .
 What a shame , the title track is wonderfull , with a great appearance by the Sons of the Desert . But for me the rest of the album smacks of `` lets see if I can get a crossover to AOR pop radio '' . Unfortunate ... Womack has a timeless country voice . I wish the compostions were a bit more authentic .
 I bought this album just for the ' I Hope You Dance ' song that I liked so much on the radio . I was very disappointed to find the song had been ` redone ' with somebody called the Sons Of The Desert , whoever they are . It detracted so much from the original that I returned the album .
 Mostly listening to pop and some rock , I 've been listening to country music off and on . I liked the singer 's voice and the lyrics to `` I Hope You Dance '' so I tried buying this CD . After listening to this CD for the first time , I started laughing ; nearly all the songs were depressing . I 've heard country music can be depressing but I did n't expect nearly the whole CD to be depressing . The title track is the only song I liked . -LRB- For comparison , I liked three songs from Kevin Sharp 's Measure of a Man CD , my only other country CD -RRB- .
 I have all 3 of Lee Ann 's cd 's and this one is not the best of those 3 . It 's much too slow and dragging . There 's really only 1 up tempo song the rest will put you to sleep . I think her very 1st cd is still her best
 `` Never Again , Again , '' Lee Ann Womack 's first hit single , cut through the pop mush usually played on so-called country radio like a hot knife through butter . Here , I said to myself on first hearing it , is a woman who understands where country music came from , and wants to keep that traditional sound alive . Her first two CDs generally reinforced my opinion.Unfortunately , I must agree with John Morthland 's review for Amazon.com of `` I Hope You Dance . '' Lee Ann has been `` de-twanged '' in this collection of songs , both in her vocals and in the songs ' arrangements . Fiddles have given way to violins . She 's gone pop , and from her manifesto in the liner notes , I doubt if she 'll ever return to the hardcore country sound.Yes , this is a well-written , well-crafted , well-produced , well-sung record -- but it 's a pop record . If you were attracted to Lee Ann , like I was , by her seemingly deep country roots , you 'll be bitterly disappointed.It 's too bad !
 How 's the line go ? `` When you come close to sellin out reconsider '' . Well Lee Ann should have reconsidered . I was a huge Lee Ann Womack fan . All I heard her talk about was how she wanted to stay true to country music . SHE SOLD OUT !! This is CITY music , not country . With the exception of `` I feel like I 'm forgetting something '' , there are very few songs that I consider real country on this album . They are all too pretty . I love the way Lee Ann sings true country so this album was very dissapointing to me . I know Lee Ann will sell more albums this way , but she will do it by selling out and not staying true to country music . Please Lee Ann , on the next album ; do n't let your producer and record label talk you into selling out again . Your voice is made for traditional country . Please do n't rob us of that .
 The title song of this album is one of the best works of the year ; I expect to be listening to it well into the future . But I was very disappointed with the album ; the title song was almost the only thing I liked in the whole record . Even the musical style of the rest of the album was different . My experience has usually been that , if I like a song , I 'll find other gems on the album . You may be different , but for me a single would have been enough .
 After listening to the title song on the radio for weeks , I decided to purchase this CD . I really liked `` I Hope You Dance '' . What a disapointment it was when I first played the CD . The title song on the CD is VERY different from the song on the radio . The radio version is very hip and non-country . The CD version is VERY `` country-fied '' . Complete with many `` twangs '' . I only played it twice and sold it to a used CD store . A classic case of `` Bait and Switch '' .
 Lee Ann Womack should be ashamed of herself . After promising to stay true to country music in the inspiring `` Murder On Music Row '' that she performed with Alan Jackson and George Strait , what does she do ? She goes out and records a POP album of all things . I 'm sorry but there 's little difference between her and Faith Hill or Shania Twain now . And have you seen her new video for `` Ashes By Now '' ? It 's DISGRACEFUL . She 's obviously more interested in selling her body just like Faith and Shania . I nearly got sick watching her dance around in skimpy , tight outfits . I hope she 's enjoyed `` selling out '' because she obviously did n't `` reconsider '' . She needs to live by her own words . In my opinion she has committed `` murder on music row '' just like the rest of them .
 This CD was horrible ! I could n't stand it . I tried looking for a good song on it but apparently there is none ! DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 When this talented performer first came on the scene , I thought she might fill the void left by Loretta , Dolly and Tammy . WRONG!This album waters down her tarty twang to the insipid blandness favored by today 's country radio stations.And guess what ? Leanne was rewarded with her first # 1 hit , `` I Hope You ' Dance '' . So what do I know .
 What a disappointment . After two albums of genuine heartfelt music , Lee Ann puts out a cookie cutter hat act album . Same-o , same-o and a big yawn . If you want to hear a country singer still with an edge , try either of Neko Case 's excellent albums ; or , of course , stick with Lee Ann 's first two ...
 For those who loved Womack 's first two albums , this one is a shock to the system -- an apparent attempt to trade in the neo-traditionalism that exploded Womack onto the country scene . In its place are smooth pop/alt arrangements with all the edges sanded down , lively and nice but sliding right past the ears . The few obviously country tracks are grouped in a ghetto at the end of the CD , starting at track # 9 , like someone was ashamed of them . Still , Womack has a magnificent voice , and the high concept title track -LRB- with Sons of the Desert -RRB- is possibly the year 's best song ; it could make up for the rest of the record . There are a few good moments , like the acoustic-based opener `` The Healing Kind , '' but overall I Hope You Dance is a deep disappointment .
 Negative Stars !!! Completely dissappointed . Made this order for a gift . Not only did the birthday come and go , but it 's a month later and still no product . Sadly , I learned my lesson and will not be doing this again . I hope the seller will at least refund me for a product purchase I 've never received .
 I have always loved the original Animals , my therapist , however is one of the few people I know who prefers Eric Burdon and the Imposters , er , New Animlas . We agreed to disagree.This overblown hippie garbage totally blew my image of Eric Burdon . I love rebels and believe they are humanity 's greatest asset . I admire Burdon 's anti-war stance which he expressed surprisingly eloquently in the later `` Sky Pilot '' , but his mindless aping of Jimi Hendrix , his romanticised and naive view of Jim Crow black America , and worst of all , his commercial , self-serving , exploitation of the Animals ' name for a completely different band irk me no end.Question
 Why did the orignal Animals break up ? Because converted hippie Eric Burdon convinced himself that aping Jimi Hendrix and San Francisco psychedelia made him more of an ` artist ' than gritty , substantive R&B . Need evidence ? Pick up WINDS OF CHANGE . Read Eric 's front cover essay . It 's the summer of love , baby , and thus no time for E.B. to get down on himself . Why ? Because he `` loves you and wants you to gain something from these new sounds , as I gained something from the saints of my past . '' Now , open the sleeve and read the dedications -LRB- `` Ho Chi Minh -- whom I hope will listen -- maybe with LBJ '' ; picture that -RRB- . Then , peruse Eric 's bios of his new cohorts -LRB- the patronizing profiles of Tom Wilson and John Weider smack of unintentional prejudice -RRB- . Finally , listen to the contents . Nearly half of the songs are not songs at all , but monologues . The title track opens the album with a cringe as Vic Briggs lets loose with his third-rate Ravi Shankar imitation on the sitar . Enter Burdon , whose phased voice name checks every musical icon from Billie Holliday to Jimi Hendrix in a string of bad rhymes -LRB- `` Frank Zappa zapped/Mamas and Papas knew where what was at '' -RRB- that make Nigel Tufnel 's history of the Druids look positively trenchant . -LRB- Even Briggs thought it was `` stupid '' ; read ANIMAL TRACKS -RRB- In `` The Black Plague '' , Burdon addresses class conflict in the Middle Ages with the insight of a sixth-grade book report ; once he gets to the `` bring out your dead '' refrain , you 'll wonder if Eric Idle will take him away for nine pence . But hang loose , daddy-o , cause there 's still `` Man-Woman '' , Burdon 's beatnik bongo babblefest about a crumbling relationship . Here , Eric 's narrator hopes his woman will `` pull some tricks from her feminine bag '' to keep together a relationship squandered by his drinkin ' and cheatin ' -LRB- so much for detox , marriage counseling or an apology -RRB- . Luckily , the rest of WINDS OF CHANGE is comprised of tracks where Burdon actually sings . His voice is in top form , as usual , but his material is all over the place , ranging from appealing to crass to flimsy -- often all in one song . Such a song is the hit `` San Franciscan Nights . '' After exhorting listeners to `` save all their bread '' and fly to the Bay Area so they can `` understand the song , '' Burdon eulogizes Hell 's Angels , uptight cops and minorities with the help of a lilting Spanish-style acoustic guitar melody . It 's a kitsch masterpiece that makes the Seeds sound hardheaded . Weider 's violin enhances the drama of the clunky confessional `` Good Times '' and the gentle `` Anything '' , a lovely , if slight ballad that 's easily the best track on the whole LP . `` Poem By the Sea '' is also appealing , as Burdon indulges in hippie humility without overstaying his welcome as a gong tolls in the background . The mariachi troubadour blues of `` Hotel Hell '' overcomes some duff lines -LRB- `` the cigarette blows ... '' -RRB- thanks to a superb trumpet from Tony Terran . Oddly , despite their intensity as a jam band -LRB- check out ROADRUNNERS -RRB- , the New Animals only rock out on three numbers -- a passable , if overlong , cover of `` Paint It Black '' ; `` Yes I Am Experienced '' finds Eric paying tribute to Jimi Hendrix with the restraint of a psychedelic lounge lizard ; and `` It 's All Meat '' , a fierce , effects-laden blues rocker that -- you guessed it -- name checks Burdon 's musical heroes -LRB- this time , Eric Clapton , Ravi Shankar and Roland Kirk -RRB- . A must for those who prefer songs about rock stars to songs by rock stars . If anyone emerges from this album with credit , it 's the aforementioned Tom Wilson , whose deft production touch creates a sparse , dark sonic atmosphere that amazingly makes even the silliest material listenable . A definite curio , WINDS OF CHANGE is filled with songs that will please the inner Austin Powers among you . Those less keen on kitsch should avoid this trip and pick up Love 's FOREVER CHANGES instead .
 Actually , `` lyrics '' is probably not the right word . The two most offensive songs -LRB- `` Winds of Change '' and `` The Black Plague '' -RRB- are spoken-word ... but they 're hardly poetry , so that 's not the right term either.I 'm sorry , folks , but I just ca n't erase the image of Spinal Tap when Bourdon starts reading some fourth grader 's melodrama about the peasants outside the castle walls . I did get the point -LRB- so please do n't accuse me of being one of the rich holed-up in the castle starving for fear of confronting the winds of change -RRB- , but it sure is painful listening . Give me poetry , give me melody -LRB- `` The Story of Bo Diddley '' is among my favorites -RRB- , or give me the evening news - I 'll take anything over this.Do feel free to accuse me of letting one foul note ruin my experience of an entire album . There 's a lot of talk here about this being a `` theme '' album , which would seem to me to require the listener to consider it as a whole . I 'm sorry to say that as far as this listener is concerned , two bad apples spoiled the bunch . `` Bring out your dead '' indeed , and get rid of some of this chaff instead of dressing it up and calling it `` concept '' .
 Somewhere in the late 90 's , Nanci Griffith began getting on my nerves . Like , seriously getting on my nerves . Like , fingernails on chalkboards . After nearly twenty years of being a fan , I was able to hear what prompted my college roommate 's girlfriend Meg to shudder in 1988
 nanci needs to get back to her roots . I would just like to hear some new work from the `` old '' nanci . This cd is terrible
 I 've been a great fan of Nanci Griffith , but this is not her best effort . The songs are dull , do n't stand out and all sound pretty much like studio work . She can do so much better . I wonder if the other good reviews where just loyaty to Nanci Griffith . Besides inartistic song writing , what happened to her voice . It went from a unique sound to mediocre run of the mill . There is nothing to remember about this CD - she must have just been meeting contract obligations .
 I have liked older Nanci Griffith a great deal . This is not those albums . I also have great affection for the protest singers of the 60s and 70s , but this is not that , either . Gee , war is bad , Nanc ? Thanks for pointing that out . The lyrics on this one have all the profundity of a slightly slow 12 year old . As someone with degrees in English and Women 's Studies , I was insulted by `` Back When Ted Loved Sylvia . '' The track where Nanci tries scat-singing sounds like she is being poked with a sharp stick . Throughout , I was very surprised someone on the staff producing this did not point out that changing your vocal timbre and volume drastically in the space of three notes is jarring and unpleasant . Very very unimpressive .
 I first heard `` Last of the True Believers '' maybe 5 years after it was first released . Since then I have been looking for something from Nanci as enjoyable as I found that album . And I am still looking .
 Having been listening to Nanci Griffith since the late 80 's , I must say I never had a thougth to her Political leanings ... well the naked stand before me . This cd is garbage - Nanci must have given up the beautiful , painful , joyful , longing , emotions that spilled off of her wonderful albums , from the haunting , `` Late Night Grand Hotel '' or the longing , `` Flyer '' , or the playful , `` The last of the True Believers '' . No , what we have here is a self imposed , self rigtheous , and sadly to say , self serving lefty ! . SAY IT AI N'T SO NANCY !!
 Scorpions `` Lonesome Crow '' is a great album . But this version of the cd does not play loud enough . I have three other Scorpions cds
 Hey people please tell me , what am I missing here ? Do many of these reviewers know anything about the Scorpions or hard rock ? I ca n't be on an island here because this record stinks . Psychedelic rock was the in thing in 1967 , NOT 1972 ! I really love and appreciate the early years of the Scorpions - 1975-1978 and I always felt they were one on metal 's most important Seventies acts , but ` Lonesome Crow ' might as well be from a different band . Well , in reality only Rudolf Schenker -LRB- who formed Scorpions in high school in 1965 ! -RRB- and Klaus Meine would be the only mainstays from this record to last throughout the band 's very long and distinguished career . Michael Schenker , one of my all-time favorite musicians , makes his professional debut here and as always his playing is so distinctive and fluent -LRB- even at age 16 ! -RRB- that he was obviously the only thing Scorpions had of any interest at this point in their music . Ironically he would leave this turgid and wasteful early addition of this great German institution to help an English band who was also turgid and wasteful , UFO . Both bands would seemingly benefit from the change as they both became stellar hard rock acts for the rest of the decade . As far as ` Lonesome Crow '' is concerned , `` I 'm Going Mad '' is interesting and `` In Search of the Peace of Mind '' has moments -LRB- Klaus really shines here -RRB- but man that is it . And what the heck requires the title track to be 13 minutes long ... jeez Louise ! Anyway I hate to be a hater here but ` Lonesome Crow ' deserves to be lonesome and obscure , the Scorps would go on to much bigger and better things .
 This album was released in 1972 only Germany.Klaus Meine and Michael Schenker had just joined his brother Rudolf 's band that he had formed in 1965 . The album was rereleased in 1983 . A rare find in original form with an awsum picture on the front and back The album was also recorded on clear vinyl.The music is definatly scorpions rock however it is primative .
 For those that are into Dismember , they are pretty much the same style as another metal great , `` Entombed '' only Dismember didnt really cross over to the Death Roll style that except for `` Massive Killing Capicity '' and `` Death Metal '' has moments of it . Speaking of those two albums , I believe they are Dismembers two worse albums -LRB- they arent able to pull off the Death Roll style of Entombed -RRB- , and even Sales of those albums were in the tank , espically Death Metal , which was a huge flop . I was very happy when they released `` Hate Campaign '' in 2000 . It went back to basics of old Dismember , with more tuned down guitar work , and a more brutal style of pace . Then comes `` Where Iron Crosses Grow '' and I have to say I was very disappointed . It should have just been called `` Death Metal , Part 2 '' , since most of the songs seem to sound alot like the songs on Death Metal -LRB- not a good thing -RRB- and I am not even talking about style , I am saying that some of the songs are so close , that it seems like the Band just changed a few musical notes . I only found myself liking three songs on this album , and the rest just was to recycled for me . Maybe those that reviewed this , didnt have or have listened to Death Metal , but it pretty mcuh sounds the same to me . Considering this is an import , and will cost you close to 13bucks used , I say its just not worth it . The follow up to this album , `` The God that Never Was '' is much better . Even though its short , its sweet , and goes back to a much more brutal assult , without sounding recycled .
 listen to this music ... garbage ... I do n't know what Sasha was on when he mixed this ... Involver more sleek and sexy ...
 I found this CD to be repetitive , boring , and unenlightening . The image on the cover is what my brain felt like after listening to this album . I prefer creative music that has something worthy to convey . Sasha falls flat in this regard . But hey , I guess we all have to make a living somehow ...
 Sasha is always top rank 10 , I went to see him at Roxy and Crobar NYC , live he 's awesome but he can not make good CD 's , I am sure some people love his CD 's . But for me his CD 's make me sleep , too slow like a lounge for people sit down and have a drink . I prefer John digweed .
 This is such a disappointment . None of the complex , bassy rhythms of Xpander . It sounds like a kid playing with one of those casio keyboards . I hope the next one is back to the old style .
 after all the great mixes over the years , this is a horrible disapointment . i am already selling this back used .
 this is n't as good as sasha has been in the past . it 's growing on me a little , but i really think that airdrawndagger tends to be a bit on the boring side . i 'd borrow it from a buddy before buying it .
 Let me first say that I have been a Sasha fan for about 10 years.Over that time I have seen the growth of `` underground '' dance music blossom into full-blown pop culture.In the past Sasha 's work on remixes -LRB- with Tom Fredrickse and Richard Dekkard -RRB- have DEFINED the progressvie sound . One of my favorite records is the double-pack BMEX - Appolonia -LRB- Sasha mixes of course -RRB- CIRCA 1992 . After that Sasha followed through with numerous remixes and originals that simply rocked . Hysterix , The Reese Project , Qat , Magic , etc. ... So how is Sasha different these days ? Well thanks to the cold sterile PROTOOLS evironment along with digital emulations of analog synths and processors , and what can only be described as a tremendous lack of imagination , Sasha has delivered an abismal album full of new age tiny sounding music . It has no edge and no warmth and NO sense of realism . The occassional melody and harmonic excursions that occur are more a reminder of a movie soundtrack by -LRB- as a previous reviewer said -RRB- Yanni or Jon Tesh.For a album that was hyped as Sasha 's Substance -LRB- New Order -RRB- , this is sad beyond all belief.The NU SKOOL , Hybrid , breaks are ... boring . Many Nu Skool artists have done better in their sleep.Charlie May 's influence on Sasha is heard in greatest depth towards the end of the ablum . Where , May 's NEW trademark sounds appear in abundance . Yet they even fail to make up for I what I call a lack of depth both in terms of the sounds themselves and in the music.I think that progressive music has digressed soooo much in the past four or five years . It is sad , very sad . I blame much of this on the insistant belief within this subculture that people with no musical talent can simply by a VIRTUAL ANALOG synthesizer , a computer , and a CD burner and make music . Further , there is no little or no experimentation anymore.I equate this album with the sad decline of this subculture ... Do yourself a tremendous favor ... find some older Sasha remixes and listen to real music ... The analog filter sweeps on the Appollonia Remixes will send chills down your spine ... the vocal breakdown in the Sasha mix of Reese Project Direct ME will make you breakout in goosebumps ... and if you really what to cry ... listen to the infamous VOCODER Mix of Hysterix Talk to Me ... and speaking of chills ... . do n't forget about Sasha early piano anthems including U R the best thing ... TO me these represent Sasha to me ... not this imitation ...
 I do n't get all the accolades for this piece . Like all things , it must be related to temperament . Just more synthetic pounding bass and trance-type rhythm .
 This is not what I expected from SASHA . . He has changedhis style to a much more mellow lounge music . . Actually more like elevator music . . You ca n't even dance to this . . The CD is not even mixed , each track is separated.Very dissapointed in both SASHA and John Digweeds new releases .
 Wake up Sasha . I know your in there somewhere ... What happened to all of the good DJ 's ?
 Consider this one in the chillout category . You wo n't hear any Xpander , Global Underground , club type sounds you would expect from this master . This is his first artist album and it shows how much he experiments with lots of almost ambient type of soundscapes . Really beautiful music but just really not my type . That is why I only gave it 2 stars .
 I was very excited about this disc . I have all of the Sasha/Digweed and Global Underground CDs and I knew what to expect . At least I thought so . Sasha seems to have reverted to 80s synthesizer music that has no purpose . A decent beat does n't make itself known until the 4th song . I ca n't get rid of this CD fast enough . Normally I give these CDs some time to `` grow on me , '' but not with this one . My suggestion -- give this CD some serious thought before you purchase . I 'm very disappointed ...
 I do n't know what most people who rated this album gave such a awesome rating . I tried and tried to listen to the sounds on this album and found myself wanting to put in another disc . The best thing about this ablum is that I paid little for it . Less bang for the buck . No loss . Just very disappointed in Sasha .
 This is just horrible ! It 's so harmless and un-offensive ! There is nothing here that rocks or `` moves '' me . It is totally void of hypnotic and trippy progressive trance tunes that fans of Sasha have become accustomed to . It 's like easy-listening elevator electronica or something ! And anything that tries to rock sounds so unoriginal and repetitious . I do n't know . I ca n't say exactly what went wrong here . It 's just awful and anyone that says otherwise are just loyal fans trying to be nice.But , let 's be more accurate ! Even if this was meant to be a `` chillout '' CD , even then it should still have some music on it that `` moves '' you ... and it does n't . It just makes me yawn.A great DJ does n't necessarily make a great producer . Having the skills to create euphoria by mixing similar records together is entirely different than having the skills to produce great records yourself . ... still a great DJ but this was n't ready to go out the door .
 I enjoy Sasha as much as the next person , I loved all the GU releases however I was a little dissappointed with the first Artist release by Sasha . Although it has some brilliant moments , I was dissappointed that no where in the album did I say to myself `` that 's freaking brilliant ! '' If your looking for a more subdued sasha ... this is it , but it lacks the sasha `` stamp '' of trademark boogie . Borrow a friends but not worth your investment dollar ...
 I do n't know what went wrong , but latest albums from the best djs like Sasha and Paul Oakenfold are really far away from the `` magic music '' they used to play for the global underground series , they became kings in the field of progressive house and for any reason they started to explore in others different fields.This new album from Sasha unfortunately is not what we all his fans were expecting , be ready for chill out , the party is over !!!
 I was kind of looking forward to this album , considering everything i had heard about it , so i listented to it 2 times all the way through and wanted to break someting . It is overall a very relaxing album that peaks nicely with spots of genius , but the whole album seemed choppy from song to song . The Quiet parts were too long and tempted me a lot to fast forward , and the worst part is that the good parts are so good that it almost seems like two different people were making this album . Who ever made this album obviously has enough talent to do a little better . Part of me thinks that this was just some exrcise in editing and production to try to push the boundries of what one could call an album .
 Well , I guess this is just not my cup of tea . I was expecting something along the lines of `` Xpander . '' Really not sure what to think of this album . At this point , I ca n't even force myself to give it a second listen .
 Sasha 's first full length album is definitely long overdue ... but to tell you the truth I was a little disappointed . Maybe the phenomenal nature of 1999 's XPANDER EP had set my expectations too high for his production ... goodness knows it kicked the -LSB- but -RSB- of the majority of music released that year in terms of trance/breaks/house . Please do n't interpret this as an `` I hate this album and therefore you will '' review ... I do n't hate it at all . There are a lot of cool sounds and great moments on this album ... it 's just that they are spread a bit thinly throughout.The opening strains of MAGNETIC NORTH are great but then it does n't seem to get going ... the chord progressions in the first minute or so of GOLDEN ARM is beautiful but then a key change occurs and it loses it . I found it rather hard to find many tracks on this album that I could fully get into or that I enjoyed all the way through.The single release and closing track WAVY GRAVY is fantastic ... so my advice would be to buy the single for WAVY GRAVY and then pick up the XPANDER EP if you have n't got it already ... the album is great for background music .
 Sorry , this may hit the right spot for some , for me it was snoozeville . Brazil has so much good music , this is not on that list . I would n't recommend this to anyone . Keep looking , better yet , always listen to the samples first . I 'm just sorry I did n't before I bought . Anyone want to trade , I will take any offers .
 This album features a large English chorus singing traditional Christmas songs . Songs are sung not just in English , but also in French and German . It 's certainly well sung , but it 's pretty boring to my ears . Most of the songs do n't have that much energy , other than the bombastic `` Hark ! The Herald Angels Sing '' . But fans of classical music will probably enjoy it more than me .
 Seta Tanyel has little or no competition in the 3rd Piano Concerto , so I guess that 's the main reason to get this disk . In the 2nd , where we have a couple other performances to sample , she comes up short in both atmospherics and tempo . Things are pretty slow-going and ponderous . All the photos we have of Scharwenka show him to be the proper picture of a middle-aged , well-heeled Central European gentleman , but this does n't mean we have to listen to his music like an old man with a full belly ! For a clue on how this music should really sound , try listening to Michael Ponti on Vox . Yes the recording 's old . Yes , the orchestra sounds thin and under-rehearsed . But there 's some real vital playing and some real excitement there . We have n't had a completely satisfying recording of the 2nd Concerto yet . Too bad Hyperion went and licensed this one from Collins Classics instead of finding a fresh pianist -- any one of its `` house '' pianists in the Romantic Piano Concerto series would have done better . And certainly pressing a conductor like Martyn Brabbins into service on the orchestral side would have been an improvement over the earnest yet ultimately unsatisfying reading of Strugala and his Hanover forces.Bottom-line , this is one of very few entries in the Hyperion Romantic Piano Concerto series that misses the mark .
 I had to find out for myself if there really existed some unjustly neglected piano concertos from the romantic period . If neglected `` gems '' do exist , they are certainly not these concertos . For me , these compositions were just `` adequate '' . Sort of the `` elevator-music '' from the romantic period of the piano concerto . Heavy on virtuosity , without any particularly distinguishing features . I could n't remember a single melody from these concertos , even after repeated listenings . That 's how unremarkable they are .
 Plain and simple the guy singing is not Piporro , but a very close impressionist that almost gets it right , but a few singing slip ups out the truth .
 I am always on the look out for good new music , and I like to watch upcoming stars rise to fame . I heard good things about neuroticfish , so when I stumbled across a copy at a recordshop in Nashville TN -LRB- of all places -RRB- I bought it . I must say , on the first listen , I was furious at myself for wasting the money . On the second listen , I was mellowed out , trying to sleep -LRB- not very successfully -RRB- and decided to give it a second spin before I spun it into the garbage can . It has its good points , and I am going to keep the record ... but it just sounds so generic . I have some experience creating electronic music and I must say , it is easy to create a danceable beat and a few hooks , it takes a phenominal amount of work to create something genuinely good and original , and it takes genius to come up with something that pushes boundaries and truly soars above the vast sea of electronic music out there . I have never risen to these heights in my experimentation , and I guess , neither has neuroticfish.Buy it if your not picky . If you are looking for something mind blowing , check out Front Line Assembly 's new album Civilization . Or some Assemblage 23 .
 This CD probably sounded fresh in the 80s , but let us say it has aged poorly .
 Undifferentiated pop industrial music in the style of Nine Inch Nails . There is a reason you have n't heard of this band .
 Bali is a clever pop offering but it 's also over-reaching and too derivative for my tastes . Perhaps its only intention is to be an encomium of 60 's pop . There are moments of brilliance . -LRB- Cellophane and Spoke of a Whirled Wheel being representative of that . -RRB- Does this cd draw me in and cause me to listen to it again and again as say Sgt Peppers or Pet Sounds does ? Of course not . Is it entertaining ? I suppose . There were moments when a chord change or selection of sounds caught me off guard but after a half dozen listenings I ended up skipping over a majority of the songs and the cd now sits in my kitchen underneath , I believe , a pile of papers .
 Los Angeles ' Wondermints worship at the altar of Brian Wilson . In fact , they were his back-up band for his recent tour performing Pet Sounds in its entirety . Bali is more Beach Boys Love You than Pet Sounds , an acquired taste of strained whimsy that will either thrill you or work your last nerve , depending wholly on your mood . When in said mood , I admire the kicky `` Arnoldo Said '' and `` My Id/Entity '' , the Association-like back-up vocals of `` Sting o ' Luv '' , the very-Who `` Riot Grrls R Go '' , and the aptly titled `` In and Around Greg Lake '' . As for the rest , after seven or eight plays , I ca n't remember any of it .
 21/2 The widely regarded lite-jazz fusion group excelled at smooth radio-friendly material but conversely produced a majority of slick , impersonal fare which can only serve its greater purpose cozied with irrelevant magazines and stale snacks . Enough material provides slight compositional insight to counteract vocal-driven bores .
 No one should be allowed to sell a CD where the group is called `` The Band '' . I bet the confusion quadruples the sales . No , this is not Robbie , Levon , Richard , Garth and Rick . This is someone else , so do n't purchase it thinking you are getting a long lost live recording .
 As big a fan as I am of Keith Jarrett , frankly this record is one of my least favorite . Admittedly , it was an experiment of the type you would expect from ECM ; but it does n't work for me . There are sections when Jarrett just plays his keyboard unfettered and these are interesting and enjoyable . The saxophonist , Jan Garbarek , however seems to be an acquired taste-his horn sounds like a loon across a frozen lake . Be that as it may , I did n't enjoy his solos as I normally would any other sax man . The normally dependable Charlie Haden is almost inaudible here . I especially could do without the string orchestra that pops up constantly.Nevertheless , I suppose one has to take this record for what it is
 21/2 The widely regarded lite-jazz fusion group excelled at smooth radio-friendly material but conversely produced a majority of slick , impersonal fare which can only serve its greater purpose cozied with irrelevant magazines and stale snacks . Enough material provides slight compositional insight to counteract vocal-driven bores .
 Lea Salonga is the only reason anyone should buy this cd ! The rest of the cast is practically horrendous !!!! Especially the lkittle Kingsley boy as Louis ! Never in my life have I been more disappointed by a cd ! ~
 Give me a break ! Did we need another `` King & I '' recording ? NO ! The 1977 revival cast recording is superb , as is the 1956 soundtrack from the film , at least the gold cd version released with the 40th anniverseray laser disk edition . Alfred Newman 's arrangements are indeed spectacular and are obviously preserved for eternity on the soundtrack , so why do we need this rediculous imitation ? If one is going to go to the trouble to make a new , complete studio recording of a classic score , do it from the composer 's original score , not the movie version ! It is indeed a shame that Julie Andrews never played the role of Anna . It was a perfect role for her . Ironically while the acclaimed revival was playing a few years back with Donna Murphy , Julie was plodding through the travesty that destroyed her voice ; the stage version of `` Victor Victoria . '' Go figure !
 I feel that if you like Miss Andrews , then you will love this cd . But i Fell she did not have a strong voice like Deborah Kerr on her CD .
 I had to force myself to listen beyond Sam Ramey 's first `` I feel like I 'm not outta bed yet '' ... why ? ... it comes down to two things :1 -RRB- When listening to opera singers performing musical theater I always have difficulty understanding `` what '' they 're singing about . Sure , I can hear the words , but the purified sound sands down everything that was gritty and emotional . It 's almost like a Musak treatment , taking the raw energy and vitality of the original and softening it for easier listening . This is usually never a problem with original cast recordings which may have less-than-perfect vocal production , but are 100 % locked in with singing-saying what the music and words mean TOGETHER .2 -RRB- I find these type of recordings patronizing to the great number of extremely talented musical theater artists who would each bring better interpretations to the studio because they 'd have actually performed the parts , on-stage , dancing and acting , for many shows in a row . From an interpretation POV , this recording sounds like it was banged out after a few coachings , a few rehearsals , and a lot of engineering time . That approach seems to belittle the dedicated contributions of music theater artists . ========== This is supposed to be American Musical Theater , a little rough around the edges , packed with physical/musical/emotional vitality , intelligence , wit , etc. . This recording does not convey those attributes at all . It is physically revolting for me to listen to this homogenized , purified , sanitized , corrected , over-engineered , and nonexpressive recording . I 'm glad I borrowed it from the library .
 My taste in dance music is as diverse as anyone else 's . I really dig soulful house , trance , two-step , and drum and bass . MoS has been one of the few labels that has consistently steered me in the right direction in terms of good dance music , but their winning streak ends here . I really liked the 2002 Ibiza guide , but this mix by Judge Jules did n't do it for me . We get nondescript , hyperactive trance numbers that start off promisingly but do n't take off well . It would have been nice if we got more vocals and more variety , but I guess that does n't really matter if this is blasting while you 're at the club severely intoxicated . I 'm actually VERY glad I got this used because if I paid the full import price , I would not have been a happy camper . While I 'm sure this will appeal to some , this guide to Ibiza was a disappointment .
 I must admit that the reviews regarding this CD are highly unreliable . CD 1 is just terrible , mundane and boring tunes . CD 2 is a little bitter but almost each song is played for a mazximum of 2:30 minutes ! SO you do n't even get a chance to really hear the tune . I would definitely not recommend this CD for fellow DJs - not enough length per song .
 If you like uplifting spiritual modern music , this is for you
 I bought this CD because I love Dinah Washington . Most of the CD is wonderful . But two of the cuts do n't have Dinah singing at all . They are fine tunes , I suppose , but they are not what I thought I was purchasing . I wanted Dinah Washington , not some other musicians jamming . I feel I was mislead , and ripped off .
 For some reason this CD just sounded really corney to me . I was really dissapointed . Your opinion may differ but I would recommend that if you are looking for a classical Zeppelin CD you get Kashmir instead . It is cheaper and shines a new light on some awsome songs rather than butchering them .
 I read this to see if I could recommend it to someone who just had a difficult breakup . I am glad I did , since I would never recommend this.It is certainly possible that some ideas in the book / CD could be helpful . But they are based some assumptions which I think are not very helpful , and which get in the way .1 . There is no attempt to discern whether release is a good idea or not in a particular case . She simply says `` You would not be reading this book if it were n't time to release . '' Just thinking about release is justification for doing it . She trusts that if the relationship really is meant to be , nothing can stop it from happening at some future point . This is leaning too heavily on some theory of soulmate , fate , the Universe , or inevitability . I suspect in practice it will be obvious most of the time when release is called for , but she seems a bit eager to release in some cases .2 . The author makes many spiritual references , and this is the very heart of the releasing process . But it is n't clear who or what this is based upon . She at various times refers to the Universe as personified , experiencing Oneness , and that the Divine is our source . Sometimes divine / god starts with a lower case letter , sometimes Divine and God are capitalized . Who is this God we are relying on to effect this release ? She emphasizes that the release process involves a real connection with the one being released , so that they will sometimes even contact you immediately afterwards.I think that we can have a real connection with God , and He can also do something involving the other person . But God much more often works on us and our attachment to the person we are releasing , rather than simply serving as a connection medium between us . God , as He reveals Himself in Scripture , is not one in some mystic sense with the `` Universe . '' Rather , God created the Universe and rules it . I would not recommend a book which relies on this sort of philosophy to someone going through a painful relationship transition.It is possible that some of the ideas and techniques in the book could be rescued and placed on a firmer footing , since they are not all bad . Many ideas sound remarkably similar to things in the Bible . But this work is not what I would expect someone in emotional pain to do .3 . The author speaks of a soulmate who is out there , whom we might meet after going through this release process , and she has some other books about how to find this soulmate , `` the person earmarked just for you . '' This idea of `` the One '' out there for me that I just need to find can be taken too far . It is possible to be in an happy and satisfying relationship with any of quite a large number of people , provided that we go about it correctly . The Bible has a lot to say about relationships in general and marriage in particular . If we approach relationships expecting perfection in the other person , and reject all whom we find to be imperfect , then we wo n't ever find `` the One '' . I have heard it said that we know we have found `` the One '' when we enter into a marriage covenant `` until death do us part . '' From that time forward , we know we have our `` One . '' I have foundWhen Sinners Say `` I Do `` to be helpful in navigating the reality of marriage between imperfect people.So by all means release the relationships which are not working out -LRB- provided you are n't already married - marriages which ought to be broken are the rare exception -RRB- . But I would take the assumptions of this book with a grain of salt . They do n't always lead in the right direction.Edits
 Poor Limahl , he could never catch a break . After fronting one of pop 's biggest bands in the 80 's , Kajagoogoo , he left the band to strike out on his own , mistakenly believing his dazzling fame would carry him to 1982-era Kajagoogoo heights . Boy , was he sadly mistaken.Limahl just never hit it big on his own , the Kajagoogoo label was too overwhelming . Limahl 's voice on his solo stuff was comparable to stellar Kajagoogoo work , but without Nick Beggs to write the catchy songs , this stuff just does n't measure up . See , Limahl is a singer , and a good one at that , but he just ai n't a musician - and this record proves it . After this record , and others that Limahl tried on his own , he became nothing more than a Simon Le Bon wannabee . Then again , did n't everybody want to be Simon Le Bon!Well , I 'll wrap this up by simply stating what everybody wants
 First of all , the title is Time Flies no Files.Secondly , I had ordered several new and used from you and had sent them to alot of our friends . Unfortunately , One of those cd/s was blank!I was so embarrassed . What can be done about this ?
 do n't know what to pronounce this . Seem to me that the 2nd single `` Play '' -LRB- off from David Banner 's CERTIFIED -RRB- has been overrated to me IMO . I try to like that song , but it 's been a lil ' off the guard or way too quick , I mean the beats are ok , the lyrics are aight and stuff , but it needs alot of pulling , alot of action , maybe a lil remix too add . No hard feelings but not my type'a song , not on my list yet .
 Be aware of what you are buying ... if you do n't know already ... these are `` christian '' or religious artists doing Beach Boys/Brian Wilson songs . First of all , these artists are all jokes . Whenever they 're not riding on the success of other artists that are better than them by covering their songs , they are spreading the `` gospel '' to the world ... and you know , voting for republicans and others who want the rich to rule the world , gay-bashing , being racists and writing stupid songs about someone they think they know ALL about even though they act nothing like that person ... spreading none of the love , understanding and compassion that their `` gospel '' supposedly promotes ... in fact these people are mostly hypocritical jerks , rude , arrogant and out to get rich from selling their snake oil & `` jesus junk '' ! Putting out the kind of garbage they do - they should n't be allowed to cover a genius ' songs . Do n't support this by buying it . If you 're looking for a good cover record of Beach Boys or Brian Wilson tunes , there are plenty of others out there . Do n't support the bigotry , homophobia , hate and greed that `` christians '' promote ! Do n't buy this record !
 Alvin Lee Zoom album is a non pretentious work , but a truly well done one . Simple , direct , great ... From start to end is music at its best , to be joyful , to dance , no matter if the lyrics are sad or happy , it fullfills the quest of making musical sounds !
 I am a reasonably big fan of Alan Silvestri 's scores and it is a shame that they dont have the score to the polar express available . The score to Who Framed Roger Rabbit is also a great score and it is no longer available either . By purchasing the polar express soundtrack I feel cheated because It only has three tracks form composer Alan silvestri . What a shame !!!!
 Other than being somewhat surprised that Tom Hanks can sing as well as he can , there is very little in this soundtrack that I find interesting . The old material is , well ... old . The newer material is lacking in anything particularly compelling .
 A truly awful CD . If you feel the need to hear `` 96 Tears '' , the one high point of this effort , look for one of the greatest hits packages . Frankly though , even `` 96 Tears '' has n't aged well.The Stranglers were clearly running on fumes with this one . Steer clear .
 It 's amazing how weak this album is . The drum programming is tedious and sounds banal as do the riffs and the production . THis is a truly terrible album probably the worst most uninspiring thing I 've ever had the mispleasure of hearing . I was so put off by this album I never gave them a second chance so I do n't know if their other albums are any good , I do know that Rosetta Stone 's Adrenaline and the Sisters of Mercy 's - First and Last and Always are infinitely better examples of this programmed drum gothic rock type schtick .
 yet another derivative 80s-goth-like album . no more comments
 I 'd heard a few decent Nosferatu songs , so I decided to give this CD a try . It is definitely the worst goth CD that I own . The only reason that I have n't thrown it away is because The Haunting is such a good song . Alas , it is the only gem on this album and can be found on The Goth Box compilation.As a fan of ` goth ' music , I 've learned to stomach some cheesey lyrics . I used to think that The Mission had the corniest lyrics , but these guys blow them away . Some of the lyrics are simply paraphrased verses straight out of Sisters of Mercy songs . It is that bad . Sample lyrics : In the Paris night your child screams for horizons , Dies on the floor.And with her serpent eyes she gives her love away.Not only are the lyrics bad , but the music is horrible and tedious . The song Into the Night is taken note-for-note from the Joan Jett song Make Believe.If you are new to Nosferatu , they fall into the ` vampire goth ' category . I 'd associate the sound with The Wake , or a pale attemt at The Sisters of Mercy or Rosetta Stone . The band has a very conformist goth image ; you must wear black like everyone else , you must like vampires like everyone else , you must enjoy Romantisism like everybody else.Basically there is one good song on the CD , and this band has better material on other releases .
 There is no comparison between this and other Nosferatu albums and Bernard J Taylor 's masterpiece . Save your money .
 This 2001 Allegro/Classico D'Oro CD offers disappointing remasterings of Elgar 's 1927 recording of his Second Symphony and his 1928 recording of his Cello Concerto -LRB- this with cello soloist Beatrice Harrison -RRB- . My guess is that Allegro used secondary sources and applied excessive filtering , robbing the original 78 rpm sound of its immediacy and bite.For a better remastering of the 1927 recording of the symphony , try transfer engineer Mark Obert-Thorn 's recent release on Naxos Historical -LRB- available from Amazon.com.uk -RRB- . For the 1928 recording of the Cello Concerto , EMI 's own remasterings are better than Allegro 's .
 This will only appeal to people who think the entirity of the Jewish people is gefilte fish and `` fiddler on the roof '' . There 's tons of great wedding -LRB- simcha -RRB- music out there , but you still wo n't find it on Amazon . You can broaden your search on Amazon and see Amazon seller MostlyMusic -LRB- the largest seller of Jewish music both on Amazon and on the web -RRB- instead , you wo n't regret it when everyone at the wedding is dancing up a storm !
 * wedding * favorites ??? I do n't think so ! Music from Fiddler is nice , but it 's still Broadway . Hava Nagila may be useful , but it sure is trite -- So much great other fast music , why go with that one ?! Raisins and Almonds is a lullaby ! Do they know something about the bride that we do n't ?! My Yiddishe Momme is a sad song . Not the best for a wedding . Dona Dona is a song of suffering and freedom , a song that dates back at least to the '40s and has taken folk-song status -- again , not really for a wedding . So , this may not be a bad album , it 's just not wedding music .
 Clifford Brown was one of the great ballad masters on his instrument . There is ample evidence of this across his recorded work . This collection is not a good sampling of it . Of the 14 tracks , five are from the `` Clifford Brown With Strings '' session that was marred with Neal Hefti 's schmaltzy , dated arrangements and not much improvisation by Brownie . Another six are showcases for singers Helen Merrill , Sarah Vaughan and Dinah Washington . One , the wonderful minor blues `` Lands End '' is not a ballad . That leaves just two , `` Ghost of a Chance '' -LRB- nice -RRB- and `` Time '' -LRB- questionable -RRB- . Unless you want the female vocals and Neal Hefti , this set is not for you .
 At the the end of each song the sound fades out and there is a gap and then the sound fades in . For a live CD this is frustrating . The sound level is not the greatest either . I should have gone with the highlights CD .
 The only song that sounds decent on here is Heart of Glass but the guys should sing on it like on the album . Call Me is a mess . Clem Burke is still an awesome drummer - one of the best - but even he ca n't always save this ensemble . I have seen them twice live and both times I was disappointed . They should make more of an effort to sound like the albums . I was a kid in the 70 's and 80 's and never saw them back then ... but Deborah Harry 's voice just is n't strong anymore . I like the fact that they got back together but if I 'm being honest they just are n't that great anymore . And they would be more interesting to watch if they really reunited and brought back Nigel Harrison and Frank Infante and not have these stand-ins . Jimmy Destri seems to have suddenly stopped touring with them too .
 Midnight Oil was a great live act but The Real Thing is little more than filler and if you gave these guys truth serum , they 'd probably admit it.With an album like this , they made it easy for their record company to ignore them . When they finally made a near great ablum - Capricornia - nobody cared . They were down to their last six fans in the states . I was one of themTry Scream in Blue -- which shows them at their pulverizing best .
 I was expecting more of a classical music style . I gave this as a early Christmas gift for my mom and no one in the house could stand to have it on at all . A BIG Fail : o -LRB-
 Being an avid Bowie fan and an equally avid classical music fan , how could I resist this cd ? I was extremely disappointed in the sound quality and the musicianship . . it sounded as if the musicians had no style of their own , they were mechanical ... The only good thing about this cd is it makes a nice coffee table coaster .
 I have the original issue CD on the Universal Music label,11-11-1992 . This CD has a different issue date , different cover pic , different label , -LRB- Polygram -RRB- and completely different track layout and missing tracks . -LRB- Universal = 15 tracks , Polygram = 12 -RRB- . The original tracks were
 Do n't buy ! I know a friend with this disastrous CD and it 's way over-produced and extremely slow . Insteading of bringing modernity to these songs from the 40 's and 50 's , Fygi manages somehow to gum them up with so much overweighted molasses and sugar that she has turned the clock back further on them - if not turned it off altogether !! If you do n't get the message by now , you deserve to buy it and vomit . Its not worth any more words .
 Clifford Brown was one of the great ballad masters on his instrument . There is ample evidence of this across his recorded work . This collection is not a good sampling of it . Of the 14 tracks , five are from the `` Clifford Brown With Strings '' session that was marred with Neal Hefti 's schmaltzy , dated arrangements and not much improvisation by Brownie . Another six are showcases for singers Helen Merrill , Sarah Vaughan and Dinah Washington . One , the wonderful minor blues `` Lands End '' is not a ballad . That leaves just two , `` Ghost of a Chance '' -LRB- nice -RRB- and `` Time '' -LRB- questionable -RRB- . Unless you want the female vocals and Neal Hefti , this set is not for you .
 This film stinks . It is stupid and predictable . Any story involving the world 's most famous twins will be a happy ending and a predictable story line . You do n't need a prequel or a sequel . The songs are lousy . `` Who Would You Be '' is without a doubt the girls ' worst tune . It has no redeeming features . `` Who would you be ? A Kennedy '' is insulting to everybody 's ears and intelligence . The song stinks and should be buried well below sea level.And yes , the girls ' dad DOES recover his computer . With Mary-Kate and Ashley , would you expect otherwise ?
 I have the original issue CD on the Universal Music label,11-11-1992 . This CD has a different issue date , different cover pic , different label , -LRB- Polygram -RRB- and completely different track layout and missing tracks . -LRB- Universal = 15 tracks , Polygram = 12 -RRB- . The original tracks were
 Do n't buy ! I know a friend with this disastrous CD and it 's way over-produced and extremely slow . Insteading of bringing modernity to these songs from the 40 's and 50 's , Fygi manages somehow to gum them up with so much overweighted molasses and sugar that she has turned the clock back further on them - if not turned it off altogether !! If you do n't get the message by now , you deserve to buy it and vomit . Its not worth any more words .
 Some songs should be left alone . This is one of them . Blue is one of too many ` easy-on-the-eyes ' Brit pop groups with more show than substance . When their record company or whoever the hell controls them decided to take American R&B group Next 's 1998 summer smash and give it some amount of insipid , ubiquitous top 40 charm , he/she/they should have been stopped . And fired . I was sorely disappointed when I heard it on Capital FM . In fact , DJs should have refused to play it . And they probably would have if they had heard the original first . Enough said .
 blue `` covered '' nexts ' 1998 hit Too Close for their third single . Although it was a big hit , the song itself is garbage . Instead of the slow and sultry version that Next performed now we have 4 lads going on a night out and trying to pull the birds using karaoke . I disagree with a `` Music Fan not from UK '' when he/she states this sounds identical to the Next version . This is not even 5 % of what the Next version is . Instead of sounding smooth and hitting the right notes like they are supposed to Blue sound like they are extremely bored and sing with no emotion . The female vocals are even worse than the Next version . Overall this song is TERRIBLE .
 The original was a sexy and track performed by a half decent R&B ; group . RL and Next could really hit it off any make people want to dance . It was a good track in 98 and I think would be Next 's biggest track.And theres this - a fake ass attempt from some pretty british boys to become an R&B ; group . Blues version of this song is nothing but an attempt by the record company to cash in on others material and success.They dont add anything to the song , making it sound almost identical to the original . Even the backing track sounds almost the same as the original.I completely dislike this version of the song and I passionately dislike this group and everything they come out with . And yes , Iam very biased in my opinion here : -RRB- Blue - Stick to what you good at - singing at the pub or at the kareoke bars .
 My husband and I spent quite a bit of money buying CDs with Italian Wedding in the title , hoping to make our wedding reception a joyous salute to our mutual Italian American heritage . We spent almost $ 25 for this CD , which had NOTHING we could really use in our Italian wedding , except for maybe one song during the ceremony in the church -LRB- but we had an organist for that -RRB- This is NOT a CD for an Italian wedding reception . In a way , the title is deceiving . Amore couple in Tampa
 Rocket from the Crypt is easily my favorite band , and until I heard this album I thought they could do no wrong . However , All Systems Go Volume 1 proved me wrong . Even for a b-sides collection this is really awful . Most of the songs are n't even listenable , and the ones that are are usually ruined by stupid sound effects or vocal distortion . `` Live the Funk '' starts out well , but is unlistenable after the first minute due to Speedo repeating the same line roughly 83 times . They completely butchered their cover of the Big Bopper 's `` Chantilly Lace '' by adding some stupid talking over the song ; unfortunate because it would have been a good cover . If you 're looking for Rocket from the Crypt , I would suggest `` Scream Dracula , Scream '' or `` RFTC '' over this rubbish .
 Looking back on it , I regret the whole thing . If I could 've done something to talk Ross and Andrew into sounding more like Snot or Converge , I would have done it . Now I would n't be wallowing in mediocrity and shame . I would n't have to hide my face in public , and I could go to a metal show without hearing the snide comments and the whispered threats . Believe me , there 's nothing I like to do more than supporting `` the scene '' , and because of my own lack of taste and talent , I am now a pariah ; cast out of my beloved scene as a leper . I 'm sorry ... I 'm truly , truly sorry .
 Why do I even play with this guy ? Sean `` Buttbath '' McGrath 's guitar playing is a shameful blight within the world of death metal . This record is just the best example of his poor execution of riffing and soloing , and all the metal world suffers for it . Now , if we 'd gone with my mix , which was just my excellent bass tracks , my superior low growls , and a snare hit or two , this could 've been the record of the year . Thanks , Sean , thanks for ruining my life .
 I bought impaled 's mondo medicale because of my friend basically told me that their one brutal band!Well , im sorry to break to all you impaled fans but this album is not brutal or nowhere near it!Okay , when i first bought it i quickly blast it on my cd player in my car thinking i would hear something heavy & brutal but insted what i got was an sound that gets old and boring faster then a serverse in church or school can get!Insted of throwing impaled 's album away i sold it back to newburycomics which was a smart move and it sitll in there . . ha ! No one likes it -- not even people who likes deathmetal ! Skip this disgrace ! Impaled sucks !
 Highlights
 Bon Jovi 's self titled debut album contains nine tracks which are all right but with the exception of Runaway do not reach the musical heights of their later albums . You would purchase this album more for historical value if your fan of the greatest rock band of the 80 's rather than for the actual songs on here . This album is where it all began and the tracks are not as substantial guitar wise or lyrically as the boys will achieve on their later masterpieces . Unless you are a huge Bon Jovi fan you probably will not want this album . Bon Jovi have created some of the greatest albums ever made and New Jersey and Slippery When Wet would be my recommendations if you do not own any of their albums at all and are looking to start .
 Please , the only reason this god-awful band is still alive is because they make music that everybody wants to hear , dumb pop , cheesy ballads , fake hard rock , barf jovi has done it all AC/DC rocks
 I expected this to have classical music as does Thompson 's CD set `` Brainwave Symphony '' . Instead it is simply tones . Not for me .
 CD 's with binaural beat technology are a great tool to use in meditation . That being said , not all CD 's are the same . `` Dr. '' Jeffrey Thompson flaunts his chiropractic degree in the title of his albums , but his background does not lend much skill to his abilities as either a neurologist or music composer . I have both `` Awakened Mind '' and `` Gamma Meditation . '' Basically , both of the CD 's I purchased from this group are nothing but an endless and monotonous series of tones that can not hold the attention long enough to acheive the desired affect . I did , however , listen to each album a minimum of five times to give them a fair trial ... the effect was minimal compared to other CD 's in my collection . Putting one to sleep is not the same as putting one in a meditative state ! One extra star , however , for assisting me nicely in meditation while under the influence of alcohol ... good listening for drunks ?
 I have been a fan of Dr. Thompson for a few years now . The music is really nice however , some of his music literally causes me to have health issues . I can not even hear the Gamma Meditation System 2.0 because my ears begin to thump , and the Awakened Mind System 2.0 gives me splitting headaches . The only music by him that I can listen to without an issue is the Creative Mind System . It is curious that all the ones I can not tolerate have the 2.0 version after their title . Perhaps Dr. Thompson will look at this review and start a research on how his music affects the brain .
 I bought this CD because I heard a song from it while having a massage . After I bought it , I soon discovered that there are only a couple of songs on the album that I really like to listen to . The name &#34; Buddha &#34; seems to draw people in , but not all of the songs are meditative .
 As bland as white bread . It is a misrepresentation to link this series of 3 CDs in any way to the Buddha Bar CDs or the chillout music category in general . It could play in the background without anyone ever raising their head or moving their body . If your thing is New Age music this might be for you . Everyone else is forewarned .
 When I first heard this track , I thought it would be decent because at least the beat sounded somewhat tight . But then the beat got repetitive and the hook may have been the wackest thing I 've heard in a long time : `` Homie youse a window shopperMad at me , I think I know whyHomie youse a window shopperIn the jewelry store lookin ' at sh*t you ca n't buyHomie youse a window shopperIn the illest sh*t tryna get a test driveHomie youse a window shopperMad as f*ck when you see me ride by `` This cat ca n't be serious . Listening to the hook alone sounds like 50 Cent is doing a parody of HIMSELF . Dude 's just making rap look more and more materialistic and shallow with garbage lyrics like that . And why is 50 rapping like Nelly throughout the entire track ? Seriously , the sing-songy flow crap works for Nelly a lot better than it works for 50 Cent , and that 's not really saying much of anything . And to top it all off , this sing-songy junk is coming from the exact same man who dissed Ja Rule for singing on some of HIS tracks . Ladies and gentlemen , meet hip-hop 's biggest hypocrite - 50 Cent .
 I bought this single for the same reason I bought 50 's Candy Shop single -- so I could rotate it in the clubs I spin at . Hey , I have to play what the people want ... and they ask for this guy repeatedly -LRB- do n't ask me why though -RRB- . Window Shopper , from the Get Rich Or Die Trying Soundtrack , is easily one of the worst tracks I 've heard since Raven Symone dropped `` That 's What Little Girls Are Made Of '' back in ' 93 . I thought the production was decent for about a week or two -- then I got tired of it . Now , you ca n't pay me to listen to this CD.I 'll Whip Ya Head Boy , also from the GRODT soundtrack , is another lazy joint from 50 and features the usually reliable Young Buck , but even YB fails to bring any heat on this track . The production is awful too.The bottom line is 50 is n't going to change . His monstrous suburban fanbase will keep him afloat for at least 5 more years . So you can expect to be annoyed by more of his wackness for a while . This should go without saying , but you should avoid this joint like the plague . If you already have it , then use it as a drink coaster . It 's not good for much else .
 I am privileged to be the first person to review Window Shopper , as it means for a while at least , it will have an average rating of 1 star . This is the worst diss track ever to be recorded , iv ' e heard 50 fans saying he killed Jadakiss , Fat Joe and Nas , how exactly ? Just by mentioning their names in his song?First of all im sure all of the rappers he has dissed in this track can actually afford anything they 'd ever want , so they are therefore not Window Shoppers . Secondly they all have at least a bit of integrity left , and Nas in particular will always be loved in the hip-hop community , even if he does have a little less money than 50 . How this retard thinks he can take on Nas is beyond me , he is so far behind Nas lyrically it is unreal , it is a mis-match . Hopefully Nas will come back at him on his forthcoming Nasdaq Dow Jones album , and end his career . This probably wo n't happen though because 50 's fanatical fanbase of 13 year old girls will still buy his s ** t , and have probably never even heard of Nas.Weakest diss track ever , from the weakest lyricist ever , who is also a snitch , f**k 5-0 .
 It seems that Simmons/Stanley have become so full of themselves at their advanced ages that they now believe that extremely weak songs by the 2 of them -LRB- Just think `` Hot In The Shade '' or any of the other embarassing efforts on their collective parts -RRB- are much better than anything Peter or Ace may have to offer . In fact , this whole album feels like Paul & Gene saying , `` Ace , Pete -- we have the power here , & we 're still -LRB- ... -RRB- . Our songs are far superior to anything you have a part in , and we 're REALLY Kiss , not you ! `` Wrong , fellas . Dead wrong.Ace 's sole contribution , `` into the Void '' is light years beyond the rest of this -LRB- stuff -RRB- . Granted , Pete 's song -LRB- as sappily penned by none other than Paul -RRB- is not good , either , but would n't it have been nice to get one last classic KISS album as opposed to Gene/Paul scraps ? Guys , you ai n't the band by yourselves , no matter what you think . -LRB- ... -RRB- , the 4 of them did n't even play together on most of this album . Even a -LRB- bad -RRB- effort by all 4 throughout would have somehow seemed fulfilling , in a weird , disjointed sort of way -- at least they would have failed as KISS -LRB- more Frehley would have prevented this fate , I assure you -RRB- instead of Simmons/Stanley 's musical rummage sale , which was the product that we actually got -LRB- Ace & Peter are FULL members , guys , whether you like it or not -RRB- . I grew up a masive , worshipful fan . As I get older , the egos of Stanley/Simmons now overpower what might have been an awesome finish to one of my favorite bands of all time . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this disc . Buy some classic Kiss & wait for Ace 's next solo instead . When they were a band , they -LRB- were great -RRB- . Now , as a simple , corporate entity dominated by 2 bitter members who refuse to forgive & forget , they just -LRB- are bad -RRB- .
 Fans of the Original KISS saw this album as a dream come true
 I ca n't give this album a more generous rating . I will not even discuss the quality of the music . The trouble here is of a different subject.This product was advertised as a KISS reunion , be it
 This is supposed to be the big reunion album right ? Well , you will be interested to know that Ace Frehley said that he only played on half the album and Peter , like on DYNASTY , only played drums on one song , `` Into the void '' . `` We are one '' is a good song but most of the album is very cheesy and lacking in the originality and raw sound of 1970s KISS . It 's obvious that they arent together on this record , it doesent sound anything like the old KISS . Do n't get me wrong KISS is one of a kind but even they admitted it 's over musically . Stick to the 1970s recordings . Anything from KISS -LRB- 1974 -RRB- to DYNASTY -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . PSYCHO CIRCUS is not essential nor is it a fair introduction to this phenomenal group .
 I really wish the band would knock off all of their merchandise gimmicks and put more effort into their lyrical and musical content . The `` enhanced '' CD is lame and only raises the price of the CD . Carnival of Souls really rocked once I listened to it a few times . PC does not do the same . After listening to PC a few times I was so disgusted that I took it out of the CD palyer and listened to Carnival again , wishing that Bruce and Eric were back . I wish I could get a refund on PC and go buy the new remastered Asylum . THAT was KISS at their greatest . On Creatures , Lick it Up and Asylum KISS rocked , period . They were not commercially minded , trying to sell you a KISS can opener or some other piece of crap IN THE CD JACKET for crying out loud ! The music on PC is marginal at best . They traded in two superior musicians Bruce Kulick and Eric Singer for commercial gain . By the way , I have been a devout KISS Army member for 17 years and always will be , please get Eric and Bruce back and get back to the business of rocking like the KISS I grew up with , not this merchandise minded abomination .
 Sorry , but this album failed simply because it sucks.I 've been a Kiss fan since 1977 . In 1998 , however , Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley tried so hard to bring back memory lane that they ended up writing the stupidiest lyrics ever and some of the worst melodies in their repertoire . Songs like `` You Wanted the Best '' and `` We Are One '' are simply embarrasing . '' ... and I see my face looking back at me ... '' '' ... you wanted the best , ahhhhh , yeah ... '' -LRB- Well deserved `` One Star '' for Ace Frehley 's cool guitar solos -RRB- .
 AFTER 1977 KISS LOST ITS CHEMISTRY AND ACE AND PETER DIDNT HAVE WHAT IT WOULD TAKE TO BE WITH GENE AND PAUL ... THERE ARE SOME GOOD SONGS ON HERE ... BUT THAT DOES NOT JUSTIFY A GREAT ALBUM ... The opening track and within and we are one are the highlights.This album lacks focus , and Paul probably did his worst songwriting since HOT IN THE SHADE.This album is overproduced , like UNMASKED , and UNMASKED is better.It tries to have a theme like the ELDER with the Circus thing and the `` we lover our fans songs '' . It tries to be commercial like CRAZY NIGHTS.So ... if you like Unmasked and Crazy Nights and Hot in the Shade I recommended ... if you want the real kiss listen to KISS thru Love Gun , the 3 solo albums sans Criss , Dynasty , Creaturs , Lick it Up , Revenge and Unplugged ... okay?OKIT 'S OBVIOUS KISS MAKES BETTER MUSIC WITH SINGER AND KULICK ... IT 'S A SHAME CUZ THE FIRST 3 ALBUMS AND ALIVE ARE TRULY AMAZING ...
 I used to be a Kiss fan but this album is terrible . Ace ca n't play guitar anymore and Peter never could play drums . I ca n't believe Paul and Gene fired the two best musicians of Kiss , Mr. Bruce Kulick and Mr. Eric Singer .
 Kiss is a lame band with their image only covering for their many songs with inane lyrics with their makeup and concerts . They could ` nt write a song if their lives depended on it . If you want metal , buy a Metallica CD . If you want moronic disgiuses and Cd titles like `` Psycho-Circus '' buy KISS.By the way , only the dumbest band in the world would try to get cash by getting Tood MacFarlane to create a series of comic books and action figures !
 I was mislead when I bought this item , and I want to clarify for anyone else who might be wondering
 There 's nothing worse than a bunch or overweight middle aged men trying to go back to their party days . This is pure trash , if you want KISS , go to LICK IT UP . Their BEST CD ever . This is forgettable music .
 Just when you think KISS ca n't get any lower , they sell you Psycho Circus . Simply put , I enjoyed last years root canal more than this CD . We , as KISS fans , deserve this shoddy product because we do n't walk away from these jerks . Clearly we should have moved on after Unmasked , but nooooooooooooooo , we foolishly think KISS will get better , here 's proof that they wo n't , ca n't , refuse or simply are unable to recapture the music from their early lp 's .
 OK , this album/Cd has been out for a few years now . I bought it when it initially came out and have not listed to it much , but pulled it out today and gave it another shot . My thoughts on it are about the same as when it came out ... side 1 is good and stands by itself as good as it gets to being `` classic '' Kiss , or at least the 90 's version . The Ace tune `` Into the Void '' is the real highlight , and even Paul 's Anthem `` Pledge . . '' is good if not a bit light lyrically.Side 2 is where the problems start . OK I will be frank . It is pure -LSB- disappointment -RSB- etc. , you get my drift . The 2 Paul songs sound like they belong on the mid-late 80 's `` hair band '' version of Kiss . The Peter Criss ballad is just plain horrible and a -LSB- disappointing -RSB- attempt at recreating `` Beth '' . The only song on side 2 worth mentioning is `` Journey of 1000 Years '' . I love it ... I am also a big fan of Prog rock so this is probably why . Very Beatles like with big bass ... crank it up and see what I am talking about ! but unfortunately this one excellent track does not make a record.I am really ashamed to admit that I bought this album , and think Kiss could have done lots better . Shame on Gene $ immons for brining in outside musicians to replace Peter and Ace . Your scheme backfired on you I hate to say .
 Question
 Before this album came out I was so excited thinking that my favorite band in the world was back in the studio , just the four of them , the sounds of yesteryear were ringing in my head , Peter 's jazz-rock drumming , Ace 's unmistakable power solo 's , etc. . When the album came out I initially liked it , although it did sound somewhat disjointed , and I really did not like the two slow songs-We Are One and I Finally Found My Way-YUCK ! Then I heard about the deception-the fact that Ace and Peter had not played on all the tracks-indeed-I now believe Peter perhaps only played on Into the Void and maybe You Wanted the Best ... And it 's anyones guess what tracks Ace lent his guitar work to , but probably only about half of the songs , sadly . Well , now everytime I try to listen to it , I 'm so bothered by the fact that it is not just the 4 members-as they HYPED the crap out of it-to be that I really have a hard time listening to it . I feel ripped off and betrayed by Kiss , and for me I seriously doubt I can ever listen to this album without wondering if that is Bruce on guitar or Bob , or Eric Singer on drums or someone else . Besides the fact it is not even Kiss 's best effort anyways , and one of the best songs is the Ace song-Into The Void , which almost didnt make the cut !! Gene and Paul , in my opinion , could do for a bit of humbling . People who know Gene are laughing hysterically at reading this , I 'm sure . Also the extra single available on a cd included with the video for Psycho Circus was another Ace song , and it was great , much better than alot of the songs that made it on to the album . In my opinion , Gene and Paul 's egos got in the way of the music , bottom line . I think this album was a mistake for them to make in the way that they did .
 This cd is garbage . Kiss is a has-been . Retire already , guys . You 're rocking chairs await ...
 Review no. 266 . Knew I still had my copy of this Kiss CD , simply had to take a few minutes to dig it up . I 've heard from some of the biggest Kiss fans that I know comment that ` Psycho Circus ' is even worse than ` Unmasked ' - now that 's saying something . I , for one did n't feel this disc was THAT dreadful nor was it good either - it 's so-so . Tunes I thought sort of stood out were `` I Pledge Allegiance To The State Of Rock & Roll '' , `` Into The Void '' , the Top 40-ish `` We Are One '' , maybe `` Dreamin ' '' and `` Journey Of 1,000 Years '' . Their follow-up ` Sonic Boom ' is much better .
 I do n't think anbody in the world was looking more forward to this than me . The songs are hackneyed , with no real hooks or standouts . Can hardly hear Gene on bass - Performances by Ace and Paul 's vocals sound good , but it 's like a great actor with a bad script . The acting does n't save it .
 The first three songs are okay , but after that this thing is totally down the drain . Believe me , I LOVE kiss , but the whole record is like `` LOOKING BACK ON DAYS OF GLORY '' . Examples
 THE BEST BAND IN THE WORLD JUST GOT A CHINK IN THEIR ARMOUR . THEY SHOULD HAVE STOPPED WHILE THEY WERE ON TOP.MISSING CLASSIC PUNCH . PSYHO CIRCUS GIVES A HIT BUT NOTHING ELSE CAN KEEP UP THE PACE .
 I have been a fan since 1976 , so I feel qualified to say this is less than what they could 've done . The Ace tune rocks , the Peter tune s *** s -LRB- his voice is just embarrassing -RRB- , we have the by-the-numbers Paul anthem , and Gene does the brooding thing -- gee all we need now is an ode to someone 's sexual prowess and it 's 1985 all over again . We are smarter than this . The old Kiss albums had fire and blood in the grooves , and they had deceptively complex songs that sounded universal and simple -LRB- if you play , try the time signature of `` Detroit Rock City '' , or play along with Gene 's bass on the early records -RRB- with lyrics that could be taken several different ways . I appreciated the way they turned up the guitar on this one , but I have serious doubts about who played on this -- it 's not exactly like we have n't been down that road before -LRB- Rick Derringer on `` Destroyer '' , studio bassist on `` I Was Made for Loving You '' , Bob Kulick in many instances , etc. -RRB- I was expecting more , as the last two albums `` Revenge '' and `` Carnival of Souls '' were a return to form . `` Revenge '' sounded the most like my favorite album `` Rock and Roll Over '' of any of their post-Ace releases , and `` Carnival . . '' was just given no respect considering the quality . I hated it when Ace left -LRB- not so much Peter , as we got a much better drummer in the late lamented Eric Carr -RRB- and then finally Bruce Kulick started playing great and he 's gone ... I am really happy Ace is back , he 's the best . Peter should have stayed home , he has lost his voice and he never was much of a drummer . Gene and Paul need to remember the formula that worked on the revitalization of `` Revenge '' -- loud songs , a little bit of raunch , good playing , attitude , believability , and minimum B.S. . We like things simple , not stupid . It 's got a lot of potential and I refuse to write them off , because when you think that you 'll miss the next `` Creatures of the Night '' a perfect expression of everything Kiss can do , or the comeback punch of `` Revenge '' coming after the lamest Kiss album `` Hot in the Shade '' . This one is the second lamest . After two months , it 's gathering dust in the rack -LRB- and on the charts and radio -RRB- . Maybe the next one they will quit being so over-the-top and get back to the basics of good loud rock-n-roll . I 'll still be here waiting .
 If Kiss originally sounded like this they would never have become famous ! I love Kiss 's concerts , but their name recognition will make this album sell , not the quality . Within is the only song that stuck in my mind after listening to the album at least 10 times . I have all of the other Paul , Peter , Gene , & Ace albums and 12th row tickets to the Cleveland show . I hope they stick to playing the seventies stuff ! I traded this album in at the record exchange and used the money to buy the new Metallica -LRB- Garage Inc -RRB- . I advise you do the same !
 If everyone actually listens to the words in all the songs they will see that each has a special meaning that deals with real life . Not exactly like the KISS of 20 years ago but things do change . Cd song quality is excellent . Thumbs up guys !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is n't Love Gun . This is n't Destroyer . This is Psycho Circus , and Gene and Paul should be embarassed to put the KISS name on it . I waited years for this and I am sad to say , it stinks with a capital `` S '' . The lyrics are weak , the music is n't well developed , and the Enhanced CD is nothing more than a ploy to get your money . Why could n't they do like Iron Maiden are doing with all of their re-released CD 's , and put videos or a cool screen saver -LRB- the one on it is small and cheesy -RRB- . That would have shown true devotion to their fans , not their wallets . The album 's shining moment on the is `` Into The Void '' , the only Frehley song they include on the USA release . `` Dreamin '' is a rip off , almost rif for rif of `` 18 '' by Alice Cooper . `` Within '' has a good beat , but the lyrics , other than the chorus , could have been improved . `` I Finally Found My Way To You '' , Peter Criss ' shining moment is no `` Beth '' , but very good . The only problem is Peter forgot how to sing . Sorry Pete . All of Stanley 's songs suck , period . The lyrics are weakest of all , and his delivery leaves something to be desired . The most crappy moment of the album is `` We Are One '' , which sounds like something from `` Saved By the Bell '' . I ca n't believe Gene wrote or sang this piece of garbage . I did n't want to hear them sing about self glory . I did n't want to listen to this album and hear what I heard . To me it is almost like going to visit someone who is dying of cancer and , later , wishing you had n't so you could have remembered them in all of their glory . Strong and Vibrant . May Psycho Circus Rest In Peace . Amen .
 Frehley and Criss do n't play on the record , for the most part , so it 's a dishonest effort , and deceitful since no credits were given to the musicians who actually played drums and lead guitar.Why Kiss did this is beyond me.The songs are n't that good either . The production is too slick , and absent the chopsticks quality that Ace and Peter gave Kiss during the classic years , it 's sterile .
 The attempt to make another Destroyer fell very short . The title track is easily the best song on this album . It was obvious right away that Peter Criss was n't playing on it ... he does ' t have that kind of talent so why go in and make this album at all ? Before it even came out you knew that Peter would be singing a ballad . `` I Finally Found My Way '' is no `` Beth '' or `` Hard Luck Woman . '' The rest of it is just too soft . There is no heavy drum sound . It almost like a weak Lick It Up minus the better songs . Get back with Eric and Bruce ! Do n't worry about makinganother Destroyer . I 'll be satisfied with another Revenge .
 After waiting for years for the original Kiss lineup to reunite , I really hate to say this
 Kiss has had a lot of hit and miss efforts ... you 'd think that after all this time apart they 'd have more to deliver . Stick to the stuff that made this band famous , 'cause Psycho Circus is drivel . And any of the other `` reviewers '' who might disagree , let 's be honest
 Ace Frehley has the only hit song on this cd and it is good at best . Ive been a diehard kiss fan for over 22 years and I was disappointed . Kiss still has the best live show in the world but has lacked in perking my rock and roll senses
 In 1996 , the original foursome of KISS regrouped and embarked on a massively successful world tour , which lasted a little over a year . During that time , the hoopla , crazed fan hysteria , magazine coverage , television appearances and , of course , merchandising were all on a level near or equal to the band 's halcyon days of the mid to late 1970 's . The massive popularity and glory had returned , and the KISS juggernaut was huge once again.When Paul , Gene , Peter and Ace returned to the studio in early 1998 to record their first full studio album together since 1977 's `` Love Gun '' -LRB- Peter was replaced by `` ghost '' drummer Anton Fig on all but one track on 1979 's `` Dynasty '' -RRB- , the stakes and pressure were high . Could the original band once again create something as classic and memorable as such 1976 albums as `` Destroyer '' and `` Rock and Roll Over '' ? Sadly , the answer is no . Although there are a few strong tracks here , the album as a whole is a big disappointment . `` Psycho Circus '' -LRB- the song -RRB- starts things off in fine fashion . It 's an epic , sweeping and brilliant rock masterpiece , one that feels like a fish out of water on this release . Only two other songs , also co-penned by Paul , really work here . `` I Pledge Allegiance To The State Of Rock & Roll '' and `` Raise Your Glasses '' are both catchy enough numbers to recall the band 's 1970 's life-affirming world view , yet both feel like they could have been originally written for 1987 's `` Crazy Nights '' . Everything else falls short , on a myriad of levels . Paul 's `` Dreamin ' '' And Gene 's `` Within '' are actually two of the best tracks on `` Psycho Circus '' , but do n't fit in stylistically . Seeing as both were originally written for their previous effort , `` Carnival Of Souls - The Final Sessions '' -LRB- recorded in 1995 , but not released until 1997 -RRB- , it 's easy to see why . That album was dark and grunge-inspired , and a reflection of the rock landscape of the mid-nineties . Although the two songs are worthy numbers for a KISS album , they do n't belong on something that was supposed to be -LRB- at least ideally -RRB- a continuation of the primal and self-indulgent pure rock fun this quartet concocted in its heyday.The rest of the album ranges from average to insipid and lame . Ace Frehley 's `` Into The Void '' is okay , but not in the same league with previous gems such as `` Shock Me '' or `` Rocket Ride '' . `` You Wanted The Best '' is rather laughable and utterly forgettable , and the Paul Stanley / Bob Ezrin penned ballad `` I Finally Found My Way '' -LRB- sung by Peter -RRB- is overly sappy and edgeless . The two songs which close each album side , `` We Are One '' and `` Journey Of 1,000 Years '' -LRB- both written by Gene -RRB- , sound as misguided and un-KISS like as 1981 's `` Music From The Elder '' . Neither one is terrible , but they are watered down and wimpy tracks which feel out of place here . The recurring theme on `` Psycho Circus '' is that most of it is confused and not what you would have expected or hoped for from the original KISS.Like `` Dynasty '' , the last album released by the original foursome until this one , `` Psycho Circus '' is completely unfocused and pulls the listener in too many directions . It 's not singular in its purpose like `` Destroyer '' , `` Hotter Than Hell '' or `` Love Gun '' . Also , like `` Dynasty '' -LRB- as well as 1980 's `` Unmasked '' -RRB- , too much of the music is second rate . This album is nowhere near as good as 1992 's `` Revenge '' , which actually feels and sounds much more like the classic makeup days than this . It 's common knowledge that even Ace and Peter are n't crazy about the material presented on `` Psycho Circus '' . Clearly , and not surprisingly , Paul and Gene were calling all the shots . If you 're looking for a great KISS release from the nineties , buy `` Revenge '' or `` Alive III '' instead . Do n't be fooled by the hype surrounding this album . It may be the original group reunited , but it fails to live up to expectations . Which is unfortunate , because this could have been a monster .
 Do we need another Kiss CD that sounds like every other CD they have ever done ? They break no new ground with this CD . It sounds like a great way to sell a few more albums to the mass fan base and get to tour again . Save your money and your time !!
 I thought i knew the meaning of the word pathetic until i saw some 4o something men running -LRB- or at least trying to -RRB- around in makeup . I love kiss , and that 's why i really would 've preferred they never got together again , firing Bruce and Eric Singer was terrible , but making a record after 18 years that sound exactly like everything else out there and their brothers , ai n't my idea of exitement . If you really want to relive the 70 's , buy some of their older records , when ther really sweated to earn your hard made buck , this record sound like done in a week 's work , and the lyrics -LRB- `` We are this , we are that '' -RRB- are just so selfcentered they bore you . What happended to the hard rock band that captured me and other thousands of people around the globe ? I guess they 're getting every penny they can for their retirement .
 Disappointing . I have n't listened to this album since I bought it . Yes , I like Kiss , But this album just does n't do anything for me . They should have recorded another `` Destroyer '' , `` Rock And Roll Over '' , etc , But this is not the case here . Save your money .
 being a kiss fan for many years now -LRB- i 'm 37 -RRB- I listened very carefully to pshyco circus and hear destroyer all over again . Full of themselves . Stardom going to there heads . Do n't take me the wrong way but , I think KISS could do better . best tracks in my opinion are Psycho Circus , We are One , Raise Your Glasses , I Finally Found My Way , and Journey Of 1,000 years . To finalize , Psycho Circus is the best cut out of the whole cd . With all the experiences these guys have they could do better . Looking forward to the next cd ... . Drheid
 Riding the crest of arguably the biggest rock and roll reunion in forever , KISS released ` Psycho Circus ' the album that would prove they were more than just nostalgia and more than just four guys in greasepaint . It was supposed to be a Very Big Record.It was n't . For all the pomp and circumstance , ` Psycho Circus ' just is n't a great record . A couple songs work , the title track especially but the rest of it seems to suffer from the same old problems most lesser KISS Records have -- inconsistent contributions from Gene , Peter and Ace and songs that need to have infectious hooks to mask their banality but do n't quite manage that.This album 's self-indulgence does n't help either . From Gene 's self-serving ` We Are One ' to the abysmal ` You Wanted the Best ' where the band trades verses , this is an album of KISS celebrating themselves for all of us to see . But all it did was remind us that , whether they liked it or not , KISS was about fond memories more than current relevance . After a ` Psycho Circus ' tour , KISS promptly went on their Retirement tour . It was n't a coincidence .
 this album is forced ... very forced . kiss knew they had to come up with something fast . there was zero effort put into this album ... the gayest song ever written is `` you wanted the best you got the best '' are they kidding ? i am a long time kiss fan for 21 years and i dont believe they put this out . a song about putting the makeup back on ??? what ??? remember `` hotter than hell '' and `` creatures of the night '' ? psycho circus is such a novelty album ... its not even a group effort ... ace has one track and peter didnt even play drums on the album . money money money . i love kiss , but nowadays gene and paul want the money . they 're old . ace has started drinking and doing drugs again ... he cant even stand up straight or talk . hes barely coherent . gene and paul just want him to make it through the next tour . im over it . ive lost interest ... kiss ... you 're too old ... end the farewell tour now .
 I got ta be honest . I really liked this album until I found out how Ace & Peter were cast aside during recording of it . I 've sold my copy of it . At one point KISS became KI$ $ corp. . They 've always been about clever marketing but there was a legitimate feel behind it . I do n't know if it 's changed or if I just finally started to notice . Whatever the reason , I have no need for this album . Too much fighting among the original members has ruined it for me , too much greed & ego .
 I love all the original 70 's Kiss records and have seen them numerous times in concert , even the 80 's incarnations , the reunion tour . But this record should not ever have been made out of respect for the group . I listened once , put it away and that was enough . Simmons has two semi-listenable songs reminiscent of his solo album and maybe Unmasked , but that 's as good as it gets . Most of the guitar work does n't even sound like Ace Frehley and rumor has it that it was actually Bruce Kulick , but he 's supposed to keep quiet about it . Pass on this . They finally reached the stage where they are just trying to milk their gullible group of trekky like fans with an onslaught of merchandise .
 This is the rockin ' equivelent to the lame pop unmasked . the only good song is psycho circus and who knows who the heck is playing on it because Kiss can never be honest to their local sucker fans like me . For years i thought sweet pain was one of ace 's best solos and it turned out that it was dick wagner of alice cooper fame.This album does n't have any melodic highs points whatsoever.It 's pathetic lame pop goo like `` We are one ' which sounds like a Barney song.Then there 's into the void which is dead on arrival ace spew.This album is just a big piece of crap.Kiss has lost their guts and passion for music making due to their sick greed.Hey gene , why do n't you let Ace put some of his real rockin ' tunes on an album ??? Maybe you 're just scared that he 'll destroy you like he detroyed the band with his monster 1978 solo albumAce is the man.This album is just a sad pile of puke.Hey Paul , go call Bob Ezrin and listen to Destroyer so you can remember how it used to be when you loved rock n ' roll instead of using rock n ' roll just as a tool to make you some more dough!This album stinks like a pile of goat turd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I think i listened to this 2 times since it came out . Its just kiss trying to make an overblown commercial album with the same producer from Destroyer but sorry folks it doesnt work at all . This is not where kiss was headed at the time . If you listen to Carnival of Souls which was recorded right before this with Kulick and Singer youll hear the direction that Kiss was going . This was basically made for the money because the fact that it was a reunion record made everyone buy it . Too bad its one of the most unmemorable Kiss albums ever . The best song recorded for this isnt even on the cd . Its called `` its my Life '' and its on the boxed set . Lord knows why this song was left off here . Its better than the every song here combined . Anyway dont buy this , buy CARNIVAL OF SOULS if you want to hear some music with some depth and not just throwaway junk .
 This is not a `` Kiss '' album . This is an album where Gene & Paul hired Ace to play and paid Peter to sing ... Criss does not play drums on this album . What you get here is nowhere even close to a group effort . Just an effort to $ $ $ in on the subsequent reunion tour . It is impossible for me to rate this higher considering it 's a Kiss infomercial in the form of a cd . Notice how many used product there is for sale ? How about the going price for a used `` Psycho Circus '' ? ...
 There 's nothing worse than a bunch or overweight middle aged men trying to go back to their party days . This is pure trash , if you want KISS , go to LICK IT UP . Their BEST CD ever . This is forgettable music .
 With this album Kiss is trying way to hard to prove they still can rock in the 90s . They were trying so hard that they forgot to write good music . The title track is ok , but there is little more . I hate to say it , but the 70s were the bands golden time . Putting a period on their music is over due .
 I made the mistake of buying this album having not heard any of the songs , and only being a faithful fan of Kiss . Yeah I think that new fans -LRB- people that started to listen to Kiss after the reunion -RRB- might enjoy this . It has all of the elements of classic Kiss , but it 's missing something.Do I think that the prime motivation for this was the money?Yes . Purely for cash . It 's nice that the fans had something to go with the tour that was happening at the time , but this album does n't age very well , mainly because this album was n't very good in it 's conception , and was executed poorly.In retrospect , Kiss has made worse albums . `` Unmasked '' comes to mind . Peter Criss ' solo album was weak , but at least an effort was made . `` Animalize '' was poor , but Kiss was playing catch-up , and was breaking in a new guitarist too.Some of the tunes are catchy enough , but that wears off quickly . Based on the merit of the somewhat catchy songs , I rated this 2 stars . Other than that , not much here .
 Because of the fanatical loyalty of their fans , KISS has magaged to remian popular all these years despite their devolving musicianship . I used to be one of their greatest fans , but `` Psycho Circus '' is nothing compared their earlier work . I believe this album is nothing more than a huge cash cow . KISS was an inspiration for an entire generation of great rock bands , but those days are gone , and `` Psycho Circus '' proves it . Ace and his old band is the only hope KISS fans have . I hope he gets back with them soon ...
 A rather uneven CD , with only a few good songs such as `` Psycho Circus '' , `` Within '' , and `` Dreamin ' '' . If you 're a true-blue KISS fan , then buy it . If you 're not , save your hard-earned money .
 The great songs are
 I was a huge Kiss fan , `` was '' being the operative word . This album is bad in so many ways . `` Within '' is the only song worth listening to , and you 'll probably enjoy it more if you pretend it 's someone other than Kiss . We 've heard the truth about Kiss over the last few years . They lie to their fans and take every last cent they can get out of them . The fact that there was no-one else doing what they did in the 70s makes them unique , but not great . After all , every snowflake is unique , but it 's still just a snowflake .
 Its about time these morons realised they 're a circus act
 You know what they should have done?Re - recorded entirely their ` Hotter Than Hell ' album from 1974 . And released that instead . Of all the 70 's KISS albums , Hotter Than Hell is one of the worst sounding albums Todd Rundgren DID N'T engineer . Particularly ` Mainline ' and ` Comin ' Home ' . That I would have paid for .
 I listened to 3 songs on this CD and I said `` ENOUGH '' . I mean , how lame can KISS get ? How about the fact that Peter and Ace hardly even play on the album and they still call it `` the origional KISS ? '' Just whip out any Ramones CD -LRB- especially their 1st one -RRB- and watch these lameo 's run for cover !
 i was listening to this and i noticed that this is a rip from a whole bunch od Insane Clown Posse cds , if u truly listen to ICP na dhtne listen to this cd you will notice that they are very similar and unfortunately for KISS , the songs that they related theirs to were out before this cd came out . I was not satisfied when i heard this cd!Juggalos stand tall !
 KISS is the worst band ever !!! That 's all there is to it ! They 're ugly , nobody buys their dolls and sh*t like that . If you want to listen to good 70s music , try Earth Wind & Fire and Cher - At least they do n't look like messed up clowns !!!!
 I will start by saying that I am not a huge Kiss fan infact , I would go so far as to say I am not a Kiss fan in the slightest ! I bought this when it came out and I was just getting into music , and I had herd that Ace Frely was a guitar God and that he could play with the best of them , well thats the biggest -LSB- joke -RSB- I have ever herd ! Ace couldnt hold a candle to Joe Perry of Aerosmith or Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin . I also herd that Kiss was a hard rock band well that was another let down . I mean you can listen to this and hear that Kiss is not hard rock . Kiss is the Beatles with makeup , and pyrotenics ! Gene Simmions cant play bass for nothing , and that goes for his vocals too . Ace Frelys guitar playing is sub-Par , and Peter Criss is not a great Drummer . The only person in this band with any sort of talent at all is Paul Stanly , he has a decent voice and can play a good rythm guitar . Now I know all you Kiss fanatics are gon na say screw that but lets face facts this band is all about the money and sold out the minute each one of them picked up their instruments . Now to the music , oh the music is oh ever so bad !!! I hate the fact that ever since ` Rock and Roll all Nite ' was a hit they think every song must be an anthm . Whats up with that ? The only good songs on here are ` Psycho Circus ' ` Within ' and ` Into The Void ' and none of which are something to bragg about . I am a huge Aerosmith fan so I am going to see them and Kiss will be there what is the deal with that , Kiss is a show and Aerosmith is rock and roll , Kiss is setting them selfs up for a big backlash !
 Why are so many people rating this album 4-5 stars ... I have been a die hard KISS fan since 1975 . The various breakups broke my heart . I was so excited for this disk to come out . I like what Ace has done on his own and thought that the original 4 could recapture the magic of the 70 's . I guess it was n't meant to happen . What is with all of these 4 and 5 star reviews . This disk is no better than Animalize or Asylum . These disks were good in the mid 80 's but I wanted the best but I got the 80 's instead . They still rule in my heart , but theyt need to come up with something that is n't simply done for the money as this seems to be.Bluestar
 I bought the new disk , which I was waiting for . I expected a sound and composition that would be much like the KISS of old . What I found was a bunch of 80 's metal crap and a couple of stand out songs . As a real Ace fan I thin Into The Void is the single standout song on the disk . I also think that You Wanted The Best is also a real good song . Everything else was pure 80 's limp metal crap . I diod notice that there was no collaboration on this disk . Gene wrote songs for Gene and Paul wrote songs for Paul . They were certainly trying to write another anthem with You Wanted the Best , but it wo n't be another Rock and Roll All Night . I Finally Found My Way is an obvious attempt by Paul to recapture the magic and success of Beth , but it simply does not work in my opinion . The rest on the songs are pretty lame in my opinion . It is hard for me to say all of this , cuz I love KISS and have for the past 20 years . This disk is purely copmmercial with little musical content .
 I 'm sure the Kiss sunshine-pumpers will unanimously vote `` no '' as to whether this review was helpful or not , but I say `` whatever , dudes '' . I 've been a Kiss fan since ' 76 , so I 'm not bashing for the sake of bashing ... but this CD is so `` ehhh '' , it 's hardly worth your time , unless you 're one of those folks who HAVE to have everything the band puts out . The songs are average , the production is inconsistent , and with the exception of maybe two songs , it 's most certainly NOT a reunion album -LRB- by now it 's been well documented that Ace Frehley & Peter Criss were shut out from most of it ... they should be happy , ` cuz at least they do n't have to own up to this mess -RRB- . I ca n't even get through the damn CD without cringing at how calculated it sounds ... you 'd think they were making `` Son of Destroyer '' , but with only a fraction of the effort . For the love of God , spend your money on a remastered version of `` Alive ! '' instead . As for Psycho Circus , if you HAVE to buy this , go to a used CD store ... I know there 's ALWAYS a surplus of used copies where I live , so I 'm sure it ca n't be much different elsewhere ...
 I am very surprised to see so many good reviews of this CD . I work in a used CD store and we ca n't give this CD away . Every time I personally try to return it , we already have too many in stock to take it . I love Kiss but this Cd just does n't have anything to it . There 's no excitement . Most bands fizzle out after there prime time but Kiss was awesome in both the seventies and eighties and this Cd does n't hold a candle to anything they have done in the past , with or without Ace and Peter . Listen to Amazon 's previews for yourself , the lyrics are boring and so is the music .
 I am a follower of Gloria 's music , but not of her voice . Alma Caribena has great music and production , but it lacks of sentiment and feeling from her part . Maybe she should think about her vocal performance a little more . Nice songs though .
 While I tremendously enjoyed the musical stylings presented on this CD , I would have enjoyed them even more if Gloria 's vocals were not so completely annoying . In the hands of a more competent singer , this CD would be perfect . My advice is , if you are trying to exterminate the roaches in your house , then this is a good bet . Otherwise , save your money .
 Some good songs , except the worthless last track , excellent musicians and the great Jose Feliciano as guest vocalist/guitar player but the annoying voice ? of the alleged best latin female singer make this cd unlistenable . If you want to hear the best female latin singer get a Lucecita Benitez cd .
 Let me start with saying that I am not a Gloria Estefan fan . I do n't know much about her , but I like music from Latin America . I must say I find her delivery mannered and very insincere . Her attempt at emotion is very cold . It 's as if she has studied Marc Anthony and Celia Cruz a little to hard . She ca n't swing or sway if her life depended on it . Se me hizo muy aburrido la musica de esta Gloria .
 Being a rabid Gloria 's fan from the mid 80 's on , I rushed to purchase this album . To my surprise I found myself hitting the next track button more often than not . ` Por Un Beso ' , ` Punto De Referencia ' , ` Dame Otra Oportunidad ' are songs best suited for somebody else . At times it appears that Gloria is struggling to make the notes.When I read ` Alma Caribe & ntilde ; a ' in a title I espect songs like ` No Me Dejes De Querer ' or ` Tres Gotas De Agua Bendita ' when I want to hear some salsa rythms or ` Como Me Duele Perderte ' and ` No Me Dejes De Querer ' if I want just to chill and enjoy Gloria 's rich and beautiful voice.I 'm still a fan of Estefan 's music but this ` Alma Caribe & ntilde ; a ' sadly is n't my favorite .
 This is basically a pretty good CD although I agree with other reviewers that it is not as nice as Mi Tierra . However , I do not understand why the producers or Gloria would want to ruin a Latin music CD by placing a very loud DISCO version of `` No me dejes de Querer '' on track 13 . When I play this CD , I either have to program that track out or otherwise rush to the volume control when it gets there . I do n't understand this at all , it ruins the latin mood completely . I would have rated this 3 or 4 stars if it were not for this .
 I do n't know what Gloria was thinking when she made this CD ... but do n't expect a `` Mi Tierra '' part 2 ! This CD lacks all the great salsa rhythm Gloria provided with both Mi Tierra and Abriendo Puertas . In fact , you get so sick of hearing all the ballads on this CD , that you want to return it the very next day ! Dont get me wrong ... i love Gloria , but Alma Caribena is terrible .
 Being Puerto Rican , I love to dance the Salsa , meringue , and music that just makes you swing . This latest from my most favorite diva is misleading . The cover of the CD shows her getting it down and dancing . Well , when I popped this cd in I could n't dance to a single one.Don ' t let the other reviews here fool you . If you like a lot of s-l-o-w , and I mean s-l-o-w ballads , then hey , I highly recommend this CD . If you 're expecting real latin music , than the best picks are Abriendo Puertas -LRB- my favorite , because you can dance to all of the tracks -RRB- and Mi Terra -LRB- Just LOVE Mi Terra ! -RRB- . Gloria is my favorite singer of all time , and I worship her and all , but Gloria , honey , you really let me down on this one .
 for a true latin music lover , a waste to have bought it , although I am a fan of Gloria Estefan . Simple arrangements , unimaginative lyrics , no `` sabor '' . I will greet any future disc of hers with scepticism .
 I found this album a little dissapointing . And the sensation increase in comparation with `` mi tierra '' . The main thing on this is the track selection , wich makes the whole a very downtempo album . Althought there 's a couple of up & high beat pieces , the sensation I percive it 's like if there were a down for gloria and she wanted to put it in the album . That 's no bad . The bad thing comes up when I heard it and I ca n't get down , Just a little bored . There 's no feeling , no emotion , no heart , no music . If you are planning to buy a gloria 's CD , do n't get this one . Mi tierra would do it best .
 im guilty . i am one of the many rap fans who rushed out to buy this cd after hearing nelly 's `` where the party at '' . after listening through the cd twice i have heard more than enough . aside from nelly 's track # 2 , i found very little rap . in fact , the only decent rapping comes from ludacris -LRB- # 4 - cut something -RRB- . i found the cd so slow and smooth and boring , that it made `` where the party at '' as out of place as a fat kid in dodgeball .
 This is my first purchase of a jagged edge album and I was very disappointed . There was only one good , not great song on the whole cd which was `` where 's the party '' featuring nelly . I wish i had stuck to my original decision which was to buy the J E heartbreak cd .
 I 'm shocked at how badly this album actually turned out . Perhaps it was too big of a rush job but the lyrics and production on this album do not compare to the JE Heartbreak album . Most of the songs are weak and nothing really sticks out and grabs you the way many of the great tracks from JE Heratbreak did . When you 're best track features Nelly , you know you are probably in trouble . I 'm as big a fan as any but i ca n't sing their praises this time . Clearly Jagged Edge is clearly lacking the hunger from their last album .
 I AM SO TIRED OF PEOPLE WHO BRING OUT ALBUMS WITH ONLY LIKE A FEW GOOD SONGS , THAT MAKES ME SICK . I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM BECAUSE I LIKED JAGGED EDGE 'S FIRST SINGLE ` WHERE THE PARTY AT ' . I WANTED TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE CONSIDERING THAT I ONLY LIKE THE R&B GROUP 112 . I SHOULD HAVE KEPT MY MONEY AND SAVED UP FOR THE NEXT 112 ALBUM OR BOUGHT LIL ' MO 'S ALBUM OR SOMETHING . I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT SOMEONE ACTUALLY SAID THAT JAGGED EDGE IS BETTER THAN OTHER R&B GROUPS , PLEASE . THEY CAN NOT BE BETTER THAN ANY OTHER GROUP . I KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT BETTER THAN THE GROUP 112 . AT LEAST 112 'S GROUP MEMBERS ALL SING LEAD AND THEY PRODUCED THE MAJORITY OF THEIR ALBUM . I WOULD SUGGEST TO ANYONE WHO DOES N'T HAVE THE 112 PART III ALBUM TO JUST SKIP OVER THIS JAGGED EDGE ALBUM AND BUY 112 'S YOU WOULD GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH . THAT ALBUM IS MORE OF A TREAT . I AM TIRED OF HEARING THE SAME LEAD VOICES FROM JE ANYWAYS , DAMN THEY REMIND ME OF DESTINY 'S CHILD WITH THAT . WHAT 'S UP WITH THEM TRYING TO USE NELLY TO CROSS OVER , PLEASE.I LEARNED MY LESSON .
 I bought this album after hearing Where The Party At ? I still regret it . The only other song I like is Cut Somethin' . All the other songs sound too much alike and the slow jams are a million miles from being creative . All they sing about is breaks up . Do any of their relationships work ??????? Basically , I say this album was a waste of money .
 Monotonous little ego-trippin band from ATL . All their songs sound alike . Dont waste your time and more importantly your money on this .
 I could not stop playing J.E. Heartbreak , so when I heard `` Where The Party At '' I just ASSUMED Jagged Little Thrill would be another bomb album . It 's not . I only gave it 2 stars because a couple of the songs start to grow on you , like `` Cut Somethin' '' and `` Best Man '' . I keep playing it because I paid full price , right , but it wears out quick . Heartbreak can stay in the changer for weeks though and never wears out . There 's nothing that stands out on Thrill , it 's a collection of mediocre melodies with that 1 hit . Save your money on this one . I think they rushed to put out a new album after Heartbreak . They tried to get innovative with their uptempo songs -LRB- all 2 of them -RRB- but then fell back on predictable slow jams . At least these brothas can sing .
 This is a very good CD . I dont normally listen to R&B , but when I heard Where the Party At I knew I was gon na buy this album . Also the tracks with Trina and Ludacris are tight . The only thing wrong with this CD is the fact that ITS CENSORED ! It wouldnt bother me that much when nelly and ludacris are the ones getting it , but when the course of the song is bleeped out it just ticks me off
 I AM SO TIRED OF PEOPLE WHO BRING OUT ALBUMS WITH ONLY LIKE A FEW GOOD SONGS , THAT MAKES ME SICK . I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM BECAUSE I LIKED JAGGED EDGE 'S FIRST SINGLE ` WHERE THE PARTY AT ' . I WANTED TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE CONSIDERING THAT I ONLY LIKE THE R&B GROUP 112 . I SHOULD HAVE KEPT MY MONEY AND SAVED UP FOR THE NEXT 112 ALBUM OR BOUGHT LIL ' MO 'S ALBUM OR SOMETHING . I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT SOMEONE ACTUALLY SAID THAT JAGGED EDGE IS BETTER THAN OTHER R&B GROUPS , PLEASE . THEY CAN NOT BE BETTER THAN ANY OTHER GROUP . I KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT BETTER THAN THE GROUP 112 . AT LEAST 112 'S GROUP MEMBERS ALL SING LEAD AND THEY PRODUCED THE MAJORITY OF THEIR ALBUM . I WOULD SUGGEST TO ANYONE WHO DOES N'T HAVE THE 112 PART III ALBUM TO JUST SKIP OVER THIS JAGGED EDGE ALBUM AND BUY 112 'S YOU WOULD GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH . THAT ALBUM IS MORE OF A TREAT . I AM TIRED OF HEARING THE SAME LEAD VOICES FROM JE ANYWAYS , DAMN THEY REMIND ME OF DESTINY 'S CHILD WITH THAT . WHAT 'S UP WITH THEM TRYING TO USE NELLY TO CROSS OVER , PLEASE.I LEARNED MY LESSON .
 This is the crux Joe is at now . He ca n't quite achieve the dynamic energy level he once had when he performed these songs on a regular basis . And it seems no one has told him this yet . The result is a mixed bag of familiar tunes , with Joe sounding a bit unconvinced about material he once sang so ... convincingly . While the playing is fairly tight , and Joe does show flashes of the old Joe here and there , this is still for me , an unsatisfying album .
 As a Joe Jackson fan , this comes off as a major dissapointment . Joe pulls off a fairly uninspired striped down live album recorded at NYC 's Joes Pub . While it 's nice to hear some of the old standards again like `` One More Time '' and `` Hometown '' , he also does Duke Ellington 's `` Mood Indigo '' , which sounds out of place and sung painfully . His version of Steely Dan 's `` King Of The World '' sounds strained . He should have put in `` Any Major Dude '' which he did so much better at The Bottom Line a few months before this gig . His musicianship is still very good , but you 're left asking what 's the point of this record ? We can only hope that we get more of his quality stuff in `` Night & Day II '' due this fall .
 I was very disappointed when I received this cd . I thought that it would be a collection of songs that have been on the show . I am a huge fan and was very excited when I found this cd on Amazon . When I received the cd and listened to it , the only song from the show was the main title theme . The cd is actually a collection of songs that `` inspired the show . '' Amazon does not state this . It is in small print on the cd cover . HUGE disappointment .
 I AM SO TIRED OF PEOPLE WHO BRING OUT ALBUMS WITH ONLY LIKE A FEW GOOD SONGS , THAT MAKES ME SICK . I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM BECAUSE I LIKED JAGGED EDGE 'S FIRST SINGLE ` WHERE THE PARTY AT ' . I WANTED TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE CONSIDERING THAT I ONLY LIKE THE R&B GROUP 112 . I SHOULD HAVE KEPT MY MONEY AND SAVED UP FOR THE NEXT 112 ALBUM OR BOUGHT LIL ' MO 'S ALBUM OR SOMETHING . I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT SOMEONE ACTUALLY SAID THAT JAGGED EDGE IS BETTER THAN OTHER R&B GROUPS , PLEASE . THEY CAN NOT BE BETTER THAN ANY OTHER GROUP . I KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT BETTER THAN THE GROUP 112 . AT LEAST 112 'S GROUP MEMBERS ALL SING LEAD AND THEY PRODUCED THE MAJORITY OF THEIR ALBUM . I WOULD SUGGEST TO ANYONE WHO DOES N'T HAVE THE 112 PART III ALBUM TO JUST SKIP OVER THIS JAGGED EDGE ALBUM AND BUY 112 'S YOU WOULD GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH . THAT ALBUM IS MORE OF A TREAT . I AM TIRED OF HEARING THE SAME LEAD VOICES FROM JE ANYWAYS , DAMN THEY REMIND ME OF DESTINY 'S CHILD WITH THAT . WHAT 'S UP WITH THEM TRYING TO USE NELLY TO CROSS OVER , PLEASE.I LEARNED MY LESSON .
 I could not stop playing J.E. Heartbreak , so when I heard `` Where The Party At '' I just ASSUMED Jagged Little Thrill would be another bomb album . It 's not . I only gave it 2 stars because a couple of the songs start to grow on you , like `` Cut Somethin' '' and `` Best Man '' . I keep playing it because I paid full price , right , but it wears out quick . Heartbreak can stay in the changer for weeks though and never wears out . There 's nothing that stands out on Thrill , it 's a collection of mediocre melodies with that 1 hit . Save your money on this one . I think they rushed to put out a new album after Heartbreak . They tried to get innovative with their uptempo songs -LRB- all 2 of them -RRB- but then fell back on predictable slow jams . At least these brothas can sing .
 This is a very good CD . I dont normally listen to R&B , but when I heard Where the Party At I knew I was gon na buy this album . Also the tracks with Trina and Ludacris are tight . The only thing wrong with this CD is the fact that ITS CENSORED ! It wouldnt bother me that much when nelly and ludacris are the ones getting it , but when the course of the song is bleeped out it just ticks me off
 I bought this album after hearing Where The Party At ? I still regret it . The only other song I like is Cut Somethin' . All the other songs sound too much alike and the slow jams are a million miles from being creative . All they sing about is breaks up . Do any of their relationships work ??????? Basically , I say this album was a waste of money .
 Monotonous little ego-trippin band from ATL . All their songs sound alike . Dont waste your time and more importantly your money on this .
 im guilty . i am one of the many rap fans who rushed out to buy this cd after hearing nelly 's `` where the party at '' . after listening through the cd twice i have heard more than enough . aside from nelly 's track # 2 , i found very little rap . in fact , the only decent rapping comes from ludacris -LRB- # 4 - cut something -RRB- . i found the cd so slow and smooth and boring , that it made `` where the party at '' as out of place as a fat kid in dodgeball .
 This is my first purchase of a jagged edge album and I was very disappointed . There was only one good , not great song on the whole cd which was `` where 's the party '' featuring nelly . I wish i had stuck to my original decision which was to buy the J E heartbreak cd .
 I 'm shocked at how badly this album actually turned out . Perhaps it was too big of a rush job but the lyrics and production on this album do not compare to the JE Heartbreak album . Most of the songs are weak and nothing really sticks out and grabs you the way many of the great tracks from JE Heratbreak did . When you 're best track features Nelly , you know you are probably in trouble . I 'm as big a fan as any but i ca n't sing their praises this time . Clearly Jagged Edge is clearly lacking the hunger from their last album .
 I AM SO TIRED OF PEOPLE WHO BRING OUT ALBUMS WITH ONLY LIKE A FEW GOOD SONGS , THAT MAKES ME SICK . I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM BECAUSE I LIKED JAGGED EDGE 'S FIRST SINGLE ` WHERE THE PARTY AT ' . I WANTED TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE CONSIDERING THAT I ONLY LIKE THE R&B GROUP 112 . I SHOULD HAVE KEPT MY MONEY AND SAVED UP FOR THE NEXT 112 ALBUM OR BOUGHT LIL ' MO 'S ALBUM OR SOMETHING . I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT SOMEONE ACTUALLY SAID THAT JAGGED EDGE IS BETTER THAN OTHER R&B GROUPS , PLEASE . THEY CAN NOT BE BETTER THAN ANY OTHER GROUP . I KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT BETTER THAN THE GROUP 112 . AT LEAST 112 'S GROUP MEMBERS ALL SING LEAD AND THEY PRODUCED THE MAJORITY OF THEIR ALBUM . I WOULD SUGGEST TO ANYONE WHO DOES N'T HAVE THE 112 PART III ALBUM TO JUST SKIP OVER THIS JAGGED EDGE ALBUM AND BUY 112 'S YOU WOULD GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH . THAT ALBUM IS MORE OF A TREAT . I AM TIRED OF HEARING THE SAME LEAD VOICES FROM JE ANYWAYS , DAMN THEY REMIND ME OF DESTINY 'S CHILD WITH THAT . WHAT 'S UP WITH THEM TRYING TO USE NELLY TO CROSS OVER , PLEASE.I LEARNED MY LESSON .
 First , this is a very short cd
 Imagine the most squealy , schreechy , nerve-wracking sound you 've ever heard , multiply by five and add some severe ego and you 've got this album . It 's like like the Voltron of annoying women . They combine to form a ten foot tall nightmare banshee of screaming hell and never , ever stop . I do n't think I 've ever wanted to be deaf more than when I was subjected to all five of these women schreeching `` A Natural Woman '' in unison . One `` diva '' always having to top the other until a swirling maelstrom of shreiking banshee destruction radiates from the speakers putting you in a catatonic state of numbness . My head , neck and chest area felt like a massive dose of novacaine was administered . I was drooling on myself . This album could be used to exorsise demons from children . Not much else , I 'm afraid .
 Divas Live is my 15th SACD disk . It 's a horrendously poor recording ! I am shocked . My previous SACD disks have all been from very good to jaw-dropping amazing . This recording -LRB- ... -RRB- big time . Tizzy , harsh highs , thin midrange ... just pathetic . The music is fine but I 'll probably never listen to it again . Unacceptable for an SACD recording , IMHO .
 This CD not only makes me want to vomit blood , but Celine Dion is looking really hefty . I mean , look at her , she bursting out of her bra-straps . Cut down on the French cuisine and get your vocal cords replaced !
 There are a few nice tracks on this album but it was largely a disappointing experience . It seems like most of the tracks were experiments by the artists in their own styles , styles remote from that originally intended by Porter .
 Prince Jammy added synth bass to the `` Black Sounds of Freedom '' album and does the same to the dub versions here.As on the main album , the only outstanding track is `` I Love King Selassie '' with it 's dub counterpart here titled `` Selassie in Dub '' which were both pretty big.For the rest of the songs , you 'd be better off listening to the original dub versions on the album `` In Dub '' .
 Most of the CD plays well but there are some scratches on it . I am kind of disappointed as this is the first used cd that i have bought that has scratches .
 The things I dislike about this album have actually already been mentioned
 JakobDYlan & Crew Sound like they have been Listening non-stop to TOm Petty & The Heartbreakers.if the Profile of this Group was n't so High & By The way carrying The Dylan Last Name was n't being always Mentioned they Might get away with this Album.However it really does n't add much to the last one.it 's Basic & Comfortable in it 's Element.Tom Petty has had some Moments but He 's No Bob Dylan.why would you Settle for 2nd 's when you should Strive to be Better than That?Maybe The Next Record will Bring better Results .
 Given that the band took a 4-year hiatus since their last work , they certainly could have done better than this . although the first single , Sleepwalker , is catchy , the CD is punchless beyond it . Gone are the rhythms that made songs such as One Headlight , The Difference , Heroes , etc. into radio hits . I expect sales to drop like a stone once people realize the CD has only one hit on it .
 Well , I waited for this album for quite a few years and I must admit I feel let down . `` Bringing Down the Horse '' was so utterly perfect and wonderful and I expected this album to be just as good . However , the songwriting is so bad on this album that I felt the money I had spent to purchase it had been wasted . I mean , what the heck was up with `` Murder 101 '' ? It sounds like garage music written by a 12-year-old . I gave the album 2 stars because at least the performance style is polished and the vocals are pretty good .
 I do n't know what I was expecting , but this CD blows . I wishI could take it back and get my money back . The songs I felt were just boring and we 've already heard them a million times . Nothing new here .
 I do n't care who 's son he is , this cd really lacks originality . All of the songs sound alike . The `` Bringing down the house '' cd was great . This one really is a disappointment . Spend your $ $ elsewhere.Son Dylan has a formula and applies it to all his songs . Maybe he needs a new producer ?
 no song on this album is worthy of airplay . nothing catchy , and really its quite boring . some people do like the slower folky stuff and this stuff is just that.some of the lyrics are really just cliches .
 I really do not understand these reviews . How can this record be considered stellar ? HA ! What a joke . The production is way too polished , the songs are simply dull . The hidden track is really the only decent track on the cd . I guess they are just trying to make some spending money -LRB- i would imagine it will sell millions ... probably even win a grammy ! -RRB- and sacrifice the creativity . I heard their first album and thought it was great ... the second one was better ... and now this ! C'mon guys ! Jacob needs a little tutoring from his pop . This record , coming from a band with potential , simply sucks .
 Would someone please explain to me what is so great about this album ? I `` previewed '' all the songs on Napster before the CD was released and honestly the single , Sleepwalker , is the only good song . Hand Me Down is decent but nothing to get excited over . The rest of this CD is just very dull in my opinion . If you do n't believe me , download the songs for yourself and have a listen . Speaking of Napster and downloading music , if anyone from the music industry is reading , I would like to say something to you . I know you all do not support Napster and want it shut down , but you all need to realize that Napster is a very useful program . It allows YOUR customers to listen to music before they buy it . If I would n't have been able to listen to the songs off this album beforehand , I would have probably wasted my money and bought this CD because I would n't have known the songs were dull . By allowing music fans to do this , the bands that produce good music will sell more CDs and these bands with no talent that want to put out garbage will have to either stop making music or start doing better because people can figure out if a CD is crap or not before they buy . Now would someone please tell me what is wrong with that ? Does the music industry not want people to know what they are buying ? I apologize to Amazon for ranting , but I thought in the case of this CD it was relevant .
 These songs are awful . The muscianship is awful . The singing is awful . No one other than the son of a rock and roll icon could possibly get this through a record company . The young Dylan sounds worse than sad voiced Bob Dylan on a really bad day . I mean a really bad day . And why is he trying to sound like his father anyway.Singing this awful should only be done in the bathroom with the shower on full blast or maybe out in a forest where no one can hear . I had to rate this on a scale of 1 to 5 stars so I gave it one star . Believe me it should have no stars . Drone on .
 I do n't like the wallflowers
 Go ahead . Write me off as a casual , post-Ten Pearl Jam fan if it makes you feel better . Assume that I know nothing about the history of the band , or what their stance is in the music scene , or have heard none of their B sides . The fact of the matter is , this CD is pathetic . It has the sound of a weak garage recording , where Eddie 's vocals are often drowned out by play that is about as tight as cheesecloth . The beauty and draw of this band has always been Eddie 's vocals , which are virtually background noise here . If this is a sign of things to come for the band , then I guess I 'll stick with the old stuff , and try and forget they ever made an album after Live on 2 legs . Maybe I 'm just not `` in '' enough to `` understand '' what the band is doing , but I think its a lame excuse by people clinging desparately to what they want to hear . If it were any other band , it would n't have sold 200 copies .
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I feel giving this album 4 stars is completely out of step . I am simply writing this review to possibly balance the diehards . I am a big Pearl Jam fan , and I really enjoyed Yield . I just did n't feel like there was any direction or drive whatsoever on this album . The songs will build to what is hopefully a dramatic plain , but just do n't seem to reach their ultimate destination . Maybe I 'm rating this too low , but I expect much , much more out of a Pearl Jam album . It almost seems as if the band recorded this album with other thoughts on their minds , and missed the mark with the music . I see the potential in many of the songs , but that is what is most disappointing about Binaural . It seems as if they had just spent more time preparing themselves for this record , they would have undoubtedly produced a gem , like most of their previous work .
 i know im probably the only 1 star review so im gon na get bashed but i simply do not like this album . i wasnt a fan of no code or yield either and if you dont like those albums you wont like binarual . i was a big fan of ten and v.s but i just dont like the new pearl jam sound . no i am not a kornfan or kidrock posuer im more on the hardrock/metal side -LRB- metallica , nirvana -RRB- but i have one ? for pearl jam fans - what would be so bad about another album like ten ? it has great guitar solos as shown in alive and emotional songs like black . to me binarual is just simply boring . breakerfall and insignifigance are pretty good but to me the rest of the songs fail to delvier . nothing as it seems makes me fall asleep and soon forgot , well eddie vedder plays a ukule . but if your not a fan of the new pearl jam do not buy this album . youll wish you never did
 This CD should be enough to convince anyone that Kurt Cobain had the right idea . Pearl Jam apparantly have decided to take the approach of `` better to fade away than burn out '' because the amount of energy in their CDs has been steadily declining their entire career . Seriously , why do they even bother recording songs if they 're going to be so lazy about it ? The songwriting on this CD is almost as good as any of their other stuff , but the songs were recorded in such a boring way that this CD 'll just put you to sleep . Plus the song Evacuation is absolutely horrible . These songs are probably pretty great live , but Pearl Jam does n't get that the point of recording a CD is to make something well-constructed and memorable , not just to have an electronic document of your songs . I think part of the problem is that Pearl Jam has steadily become more and more of a democracy of guys who are too afraid to take control and so they 've been kind of lacking in direction and afraid to take risks . Quite annoying , because they have so much musical talent but have always been totally lacking in the motivation and vision that made bands like Nirvana and the Smashing Pumpkins shoot for the stars .
 I 'm probably going to have one of those 0 out of 345 people found this review helpful , but something went wrong . I LOVE ten as well as I love Vs. and Yield , but this is not a strong effort . I gave it two stars because I believe there are two VERY GOOD songs on it `` Nothihg as it seems '' and the best song `` Sleight of Hand '' . I see many people reviewing it saying it was so great , but really , if this wasnt PJ they would rank it very low . I could care less about the whole `` grunge is dead '' and `` go back music like ten '' , the lyrics would have been good if it were spoken word but w/the music behind it , it doesnt sound right , not to mention the lack of overall rocking that makes PJ a great band . I LOVED Tiny Music . . by STP -LRB- witch was not rocking either -RRB- and some people hated it , maybe its a aquired taste , but its not for me
 Pearl Jam really dissapointed me with this CD . There 's really not any great songs on the album , maybe a few that are listenable , but none worth mentioning . Even if you are a die hard pearl jam fan , dont waste the money on thisn .
 This CD is without a doubt the worst Pearl Jam effort I have ever heard . I 've read reviews that advise listening to it several times before you judge it however , once was honestly all I could handle . For those of us who have been listening to Pearl Jam over the years , they have often included the occasional out of tune , slightly off key track in some of their albums but this sounds as if disharmony and for lack of a better word `` weird '' ho-hum effects were the goal . Get back to basics Eddie ... Ask youself this , `` When was the last time I heard anything from this album played on ANY radio station ? ''
 Pearl Jam seems to be following in the footsteps of their hero Neil Young . They are so concerned about being commercial they are alienating all of their fans . Considering the talent in this band it is definitely a tragedy . This CD has very few keepers on it . The highlights are '' of the girl '' and `` Sleight of hand '' . The rest are equal to anything you will find in the bargain bin at your local music store . Even the 1st single released off the CD does not match what Pearl Jam has released as `` B '' sides of their singles in the past . Eddie Vedder has one of the best voices around and he chooses not to let anyone appreciate it . I just hope the next CD will not take 2 years and be this big of a disappointment . Hopefully the tour will be better . 2 stars ! Just because it is Pearl Jam and I am not the editor at Rolling Stone which would give PJ 5 stars for passing wind .
 This band has been on the downward spiral since after Ten which to my ears is their only decent album . This album just sucks . This is just a typical everyday crap album , im not a Pearl Jam fan anymore . If they did a TEN tour I would go see it if they were n't going to play any garbage after TEN espessially not anything from this album , Riot Act , BackSpacer or Yeild . Pearl Jam are gone and they are not comming back , they keep getting worse with every album Backspacer is the worst yet just radio drivel .
 Pearl Jam died , and this was the nail in the coffin . Gone are the furious beats of Vs , the melodic enchant of Ten , and the pure grunge soul of Vitalogy . All I hear is a weak , tired band that has run out of fuel .
 After a rather lackluster effort with Yield , the addition of Matt Cameron 's songwriting and drumming talents to the group should have pushed PJ in a new direction . Instead , we have an album which is instantly forgettable , making one wonder if they have any good material left in them for album 7 . AVOID !
 Being a huge music fan , and also being a moderate pearl jam fan i was excited to hear the new album . I was used to the normal pearl jam album , four or five brilliant songs and the rest getting skipped over , but i must say i was truly dissapointed with this album . Eddie Vedder seems distant and doesnt connect with the flow of the songs , the music is sometimes to much to handle , to much at once i suppose . If you like pearl jam , buy the live on two legs album , not this one , you will find yourself putting it in the back of your cd collection .
 I love Pearl Jam but this one is enough to make me lose faith .
 Once again I rushed out to get the newest Pearl Jam Cd in hopes that they might accidently stumble back upon their glory days of Ten or VS. . Just like the times before I was let down . If these guys want to keep experimenting with new directions for music do us a favor and stop selling the results . `` Nothing as it seems '' should have been a clue . It showed possible potential that they were back on track . However , since `` nothing is as it seems '' I was mislead again . Rounding out the album are tunes like `` soon forget '' which could even make Tiny Tim cringe . Once again Pearl Jam disappoints .
 Allright , so Eddie , Stone , Jeff , Mike and Matt are no John , Paul , George and Ringo . . This album is a big dissapointment after listening to something as strong and sound-filled as `` Yield '' . This reminds me of listening to No Code after having enjoyed `` Vitalogy '' as much as I did . Light Years and Insignificance are strong original PJ tunes , but the rest is fruitless . . I 'd rate this album slightly higher than No Code , but not much . Too bad I bought PJ Tour tickets before I got a chance to listen to Binaural . . I 'd be doing something else on Halloween otherwise .
 I give 2 starts for the cover artwork and for the massive promotion . The music is as good as good as any other Pearl Jam album in the mid and late 90 's , if you like those albums , listen to them insted of buying another one who sounds pretty much the same -LRB- though seems like the quality here is very poor . now what kind of stupid gimic is that ! -RRB- .
 I was really looking forward to the release of this album . However , it turned out to be a big disappointment . I bought it this morning and listened to it for two times , and I can only say that I find it extremely boring . No melodies that can carry a tune -LRB- and those few melodies that might be able to do so are embarrassingly clich&eacute;d -RRB- , no surprising song structures , no or hardly any remarkable or memorable guitar riffs . In absence of these things , bands quite often turn to ` oddities ' like , for example , using technically wrong chords , as in `` Soon forget '' , etc. . Things like that may make a good song more interesting , but they can not turn a dull song into an exciting one . Unfortunately , it seems as if Pearl Jam have run out of ideas .
 After Pearl Jam 's last album `` Yield '' , I could not wait to see what they were going to come up with next . Music is changing fast these days . Pearl Jam seemed liked they were going in a new direction , with a new sound . But that new direction stopped after I had finished listening to `` Binaural '' . I 'm thankful that the first three tracks were so short - they were horrible , nothing new , they just blended into old alternative sounds that I felt like I had heard thousands of times over on the radio . I could go on forever about how much this was a let down - especially after `` Yield '' - but instead I 'll just tell you that it is n't worth it . The packaging is nothing special , not even close to that which housed `` Vitalogy '' and `` No Code '' , and the only song that was worth it was the quiet `` Soon Forget '' which is as beautiful as they come , but only lasted about a minute and a half . The album just blends in with everything else and has made me not want to run to the record store so fast the next time the new one comes out . And where did Jack Irons go ? He was a great drummer - anyway , save your money and if you 're just getting into Pearl Jam - go buy `` Yield '' , it shows off their talent a whole lot better then this lousy album .
 Now , first off , I 'd just like to say that I am a huge fan of Pearl Jam , and think everything they did was brilliant.That is , until Binaural.You see , `` Binaural '' tries so hard to be the next `` Dark Side of The Moon '' , and it falls flat on its face . Pearl Jam were NOT meant to be a psychedelic/acoustic group at all . They are at their best when they 're making rock anthems , whether they be straight-forward ones -LRB- `` Ten '' , `` Vs. '' -RRB- or hidden treasures -LRB- `` Vitalogy '' -RRB- . THERE IS NOT ONE DECENT ROCK SONG ON THE ALBUM . No matter how hard `` Grievance '' and `` Rival '' try , neither of them are normal PJ quality.So please Pearl Jam , with your next album -LRB- planned to release in November -RRB- , go back to rock . Your fanbase will mutiply and you 'll be the biggest band in the world again .
 This is the worst album I 've ever bought . There is not one single song with any kind of a hook , and overall every song is depressing . I love Pearl Jam , but if they come out with another album like this I 'd have to say they are dead .
 I have to admit I 'm surprised at how well this album seems to have been received , by both fans and critics . As for me , I 've enjoyed all five of PJ 's previous albums a great deal , only to find their latest strangely underwhelming . `` God 's Dice , '' `` Grievance , '' `` Evacuation , '' and especially `` Rival '' -LRB- the album 's low point -RRB- sound ugly and tossed-off , with Vedder 's increasingly indifferent-sounding vocals grating against already-grating arrangements ; `` Parting Ways '' and `` Sleight of Hand '' are meandering bores ; and `` Soon Forget '' showcases Vedder at his most blandly didactic . The slightly better `` Nothing as It Seems , '' `` Breakerfall , '' and `` Light Years '' still sound like an okay B-sides , a sad comedown for a band known for its excellent B-sides . On the plus side , `` Insignificance '' works as a twitchy , propulsive rocker , and I like the way `` Of the Girl '' bottoms out into a haunting chorus . Even these highlights , though , only manage to be as good as the least memorable songs on previous PJ outings ; a fair-to-middlin ' track like `` Mankind '' from No Code or `` No Way '' from Yield would still outclass anything here , and something like `` Brain of J '' or `` Tremor Christ '' -LRB- still not even close to Pearl Jam 's best songs -RRB- would just about blow this album away . The band just does n't sound like it cares very much , I think . Hopefully this is only a misstep and not the beginning of a downward trend ; I 'm willing to give a great band the benefit of the doubt , and I still look forward to their next release .
 ... This is Insignificant music , PJ 's worst ever effort , thatdoes n't get much better upon further playing . Light Years , Thin Air , Of the Girl , and Sleight of Hand are just OK . Breakherfall , God 's Dice , and Evacuation are all knock-off 's of Hail , Hail , and poor knock-off 's at best . The only good song on this disc is Nothing As It Seems , and you can save your money by buying the single and skipping this horrid excuse for artistic expression.I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd rather listen to Britney Spears than this . My disc will be used as a coaster or frisbee . I guess PJ missed again .
 i bought this album because i am a big pearl jam fan . when i first listened to it i was suprised how boring it was . i figured i just needed to let it grow on me so i listened to it again a couple of days later . unfortunatley i found that it was still monotonous and the songs tend to run together because they sound so similar . i still think pearl jam is a great band with a lot of talent , but this album does n't have the energy or creativeness that makes them that way . if you have every other pearl jam album , buy this one to complete your set . if you do n't , pick one ot the others .
 I was a fan ever since Mother Love Bone came out and the next two albums by pearl jam per se -LRB- addition of eddie -RRB- ARE the ultimate in grunge music . I know eddie has n't lost his passion and voice but the songs on Binaural just does n't have the punch as in earlier albums . . except maybe couple of songs . The albums has a great start but fizzles out a little too early just when you are jamming up and are at that high that you are so used to if you like the songs such as ` rearview mirror ' ... I 'm seeing them live in couple of weeks in mountain view and I just hope they play more of their older songs ... jeremy spoke in spoke in ~ ~ jeremy spoke in classss todayyy
 Pearl Jam is a great and very talented band . The single `` Nothing As it Seems '' made me buy this album . The sad part is that this is the most `` unispired '' album that this band has gave us so far.There is nothing like `` Ten '' or `` Vs '' in here . It 's mostly slow clean songs with a little heavy or grungy parts . The melodies are very weak and Eddie 's voice leaves a lot to wish for.The heavy songs , like the opener , are actually not the Pearl Jam that I love . It 's not aggresive an just plainly not good . I would also say that the album is even overproduced.Makes me wish that their next album will be more `` Pearl Jam Like ''
 REALY THE WHOLE CD LACKS ENTERGY . SAVE YOUR BUCKS UNLESS YOUR A DIEHARD FOR P.J. MOVE ON TO GREATER THINGS , LIKE RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE ... NOW THAT ROCKS !
 If you enjoy bands like Creed and Kid Rock and current hard rock/alternative music ignore this review . This is for those who like I , much prefer Phish , Allman Bros. , Grateful Dead , etc. . Pearl Jam used to be my favorite band ... My interest in the band faded after Vitalogy , but I decided to pick up this CD because I am going to see them live this summer . I do n't want to sound like a 95 year old woman , but to me it sounds like a bunch of noise with little focus . It is very difficult to distinguish each guitar part . It seems like there is so much distortion and reverb on the songs that they all mesh together to form a mass of noise . The slow songs are certainly not up to the standards of anything off of their first three albums . I was n't expecting another `` Ten '' but did n't expect a 2 star album .
 Who the hell am I except someone who spends good hard earned money on CD 's . Most times I can live with it but this one really took the cake . If you are a Pearl Jam fan -LRB- And I am one -RRB- you can not help but be disappointed by this recording . There is nothing on it that even reminds us why this band was so good to begin with . Those who say that this is an evolution of Pearl Jam and it is a good thing should listen to Jim Morrison and try to see if it reminds them of anything he was recording when he was on drugs . -LRB- No disrespect to Mr. Morrison ; I 'm a fan of the Door 's also -RRB- . People should save their money on this one and look foreward to their next release , I 'm sure it has to be better . Sorry guys but on this one you stink .
 I think Pearl Jam 's problem is whenever they do an album is the media calls its a classic album , this album is so selfcentered , Im pretty sure Eddie Vedder could sing Mary had a little lamb , and the fans aand the media would call him the next John lennon . The songs on this album are so trite , I have already taken it in to the secondhand store .
 Being a huge Pearl Jam fan I had to buy this new CD Binaural , I figured anything by PJ would be great . I bought the CD and listened to it and I hate to say that I was disapointed . Over the years that Pearl Jam has been around there music has gotten softer and softer , most of the songs on this CD are pratically light listening . I wish PJ could get back to there roots and play the kind of music that they are great at . If you liked old Pearl Jam music a lot and are into that kind of music , chances are you wo n't like this CD much .
 I Used to think that Pearl Jam would Come Out & Change their Music especially after Kurt Cobain Dissed them & Especially after Stone Temple Pilot made a Career Emulating them ? well I was Wrong.The Lyrics & Music are as Predictable Now as they were 8 years back.Pearl Jam is Very Corperate they are on the same Label as The KING OF POP MICHAEL JACKSON , SADE , Celine Dion , etc. . . their Music & Image is very Manufactured.They Need too Either Break Up or do something Completely Different they are Long Overdue.Having Listened too many of their Albums I 've Never Gotten what the Hype was about .
 Big PJ fan . Own and love all their records . Been looking forward to this record as something new , different and interesting . I was n't looking for another Yield , Vs. or anything else they had put out . After three listens I just do n't find it very interesting . Except for a couple of songs the rest is just dull . No particular aspect of the album holds my interest for long . DULL . I am truly sorry to say this , but to this Pearl Jam fan , it IS kind of disapointing .
 Binaural is definetely no TEN or VS. , It lacks the melodies and tempo that PearlJam became unanimous for in the 90s . Stone Gossard plays few solos , and Eddie Vedder , in my opinion , one of the best singers ever , sings with little emotion , and barely showcases his unbelievable voice , as he has before in songs like Yellow Ledbetter , and Alive . I 'm still a huge Pearl Jam fan , but Binaural is somewhat disappointing .
 I really dismissed this one the first time I heard this , but like No Code it 's slightly grown on me
 After reading the reviews I can tell I 'm in the minority when I say Binaural 's one great track is Sleight of Hand . It 's the only reason to own a copy . The rest of the album I processed long ago and has n't stuck a bit for constantly coming up short . Sleight of Hand is a bruised and haunted masterpiece.As far as the debate over which album is the last one worth picking up , for me it 's Binaural and Sleight of Hand is the reason . Pearl Jam are way too spotty in quality to revisit continually . I mean a guy only has so much cash to burn.My feeling is that Sleight of Hand is sooo much better than anything else on this album or any of the 3 or 4 preceeding albums that it does n't click with the usual fan .
 After Pearl Jam 's last album `` Yield '' , I could not wait to see what they were going to come up with next . Music is changing fast these days . Pearl Jam seemed liked they were going in a new direction , with a new sound . But that new direction stopped after I had finished listening to `` Binaural '' . I 'm thankful that the first three tracks were so short - they were horrible , nothing new , they just blended into old alternative sounds that I felt like I had heard thousands of times over on the radio . I could go on forever about how much this was a let down - especially after `` Yield '' - but instead I 'll just tell you that it is n't worth it . The packaging is nothing special , not even close to that which housed `` Vitalogy '' and `` No Code '' , and the only song that was worth it was the quiet `` Soon Forget '' which is as beautiful as they come , but only lasted about a minute and a half . The album just blends in with everything else and has made me not want to run to the record store so fast the next time the new one comes out . And where did Jack Irons go ? He was a great drummer - anyway , save your money and if you 're just getting into Pearl Jam - go buy `` Yield '' , it shows off their talent a whole lot better then this lousy album .
 Pearl Jam is a great band but this album fails to show this . The production is terrible and the songs are weak . It is there worse release to date .
 the fact that such a mess gets almost five stars shows that there is nothing that Pearl Jam 's small but loyal fanbase will not consider a `` classic '' . But I sold this cd to my used record store for less then a dollar the week after buying it.I couldnt believe how bad it was.Especially after the ok Yield.Its one long yawn.Eddie Vedder had writers block when recording this -LRB- a fact he makes fun of in the booklet -RRB- and the songs have some of his worst lyrics.And the music lacks one memorable hook.If I had to pick Pearl Jam 's worst album , this would be it.But the other reviewers would probably pick Ten or Vitalogy for being too mainstream .
 Ever since around Vitalogy , when the bickering with the media and with it 's popularity started to mount , Pearl Jam has been on a crusade to get out of the spotlight . All of this is fine on the artistic level . The trouble is that in trying to lose fans -LRB- and let 's face it ; the only way to become less popular is to turn large numbers of fans off -RRB- the band has been sacraficing the music as well.By the time Pearl Jam 's public distaste for fame peaked , and the tension between the band and fans was becoming public gossip , it became apparent that Pearl Jam was following the problematic blueprint of Alan Alda . They have a lot in common . Both were unexpectedly very , very popular . And both were essentially nice people who did not want to be liked as much as they were . So both have gone out of their way to wipe out their image and therefore their popularity , to the point that they intentionally avoid their strengths . Alan Alda was so obsessed with ending his nice-guy image that he deliberately took lots of roles as bad guys , no matter how awful the movie was . Pearl Jam has avoided playing to its strengths because they fear that to put out a great album would mean that they 'd be hugely famous all over again.Most of the reviews seems to assume that the band is either on top of its game or fading . I view it differently . I believe that the band is holding back , and has been since Vitalogy . Sure , they have had some great moments . But they also have put out lots of songs that are either very mediocre or just plain silly . It 's hard not to view this as deliberate , given the opinions brought forth by Vedder in interviews.As for the album itself , it has a frustrating blandness to it . Remember when the conventional wisdom was that Stone Temple Pilots were Pearl Jam wannabees ? Now Pearl Jam sounds like they 're trying to figure out the STP formula.And unlike past efforts , Binaural is very bottom - heavy in terms of where the strongest songs are . In fact , aside from the possible exception of `` Nothing As It Seems , '' nothing noteworthy happens until `` Rival '' , the tenth song . `` Sleight of Hand '' and `` Parting Ways '' , which comprise of two of the final three songs on the album , are the strongest . But even these songs pale bfore past efforts.And the thing that baffles me is that if this band really wants to branch out into noncommercial music , why not take more musical risks ? Despite reviews that have stated that Binaural marks their abandonment of grunge , it certainly sounds very similiar to it.The problems start immediately , with Breakerfall . Amazingly , the band seems to be hung up on starting every single album -LRB- except No Code -RRB- with a short , catchy riff song . Breakerfall fits the mold , and it does n't even stand up to Brain of J . It sounds hollow and forced.A good indication of where the trouble lies is found in the credits . Generally the albums where Vedder dominates have been the weakest . When McCready asserts himself and gets more songwriting in , it 's almost always for the better . This album shows McCready to be almost completely absent . It 's the Ament and Vedder show , and it does n't work -LRB- even though I will concede Vedder 's part in writing the strongest songs -RRB- . I do n't think that Pearl Jam is washed up . I still think they have a great album in them . They 've put out some very , very good albums , but they 've never put out an album where every song was a success . Hopefully the window of opportunity is n't closing on them for them to get their act together and make that great album .
 what happend to the old pearl jam ? this cd is pretty boring . there 's no jumping around on the cd . tracks 5 and 6 or good even without the wildness , but they lost it .
 what happend to the old pearl jam ? this cd is pretty boring . there 's no jumping around on the cd . tracks 5 and 6 or good even without the wildness , but they lost it .
 Once and for all , Pearl Jam has proven that they have lost the edge and anger that made them a phenomenon in the alternative music world in the early 90 's ? It seems as if they have n't been able to put together a solid album since Vitalogy -LRB- even that was less than spectacular -RRB- and this new album is further proof of their slide . Binaural is 13 songs that are nothing more than variations of the lollipop hit `` Last Kiss '' . Where are Eddie 's electric vocals that were a beacon for listeners on tracks such as `` Alive '' , `` Jeremy '' and `` Rearviewmirror '' . Some may say this is the evolution of a band , but I say no , this is the unraveling of what was once the best band on the scene . If I could give this CD less than 1 star , I would ...
 This album SUCKS!I have listened to it Stoned , Sober , Drunk , Drunk & Stoned , Sober & on a Fast.It Sucks.The Kings have No Clothes.Wake Up ! - Domo
 This has to be the most boring album of all time . Right up there with Yield , Riot Act and No Code . I do n't know what it 's going to take for this band to finally call it quits . They have no talent and their lead singer just mumbles into the microphone -- you ca n't understand a word he 's saying.If you 're looking for a fresh sound , you ca n't go wrong with a band like Creed . They 're talented and they have passion for their work -- not like these washed up has-beens . Pearl Jam has no real talent . Warning
 Binuaral Pearl Jams 5th album could of been a heak of alot better and is the first time that Pearl Jam has been a let down with one of their albums , and `` Riot Act '' that followed showed that is was ` nt the first . `` breakerfall '' `` Gods Dice '' `` Light Years '' `` Nothing as it seems '' `` Insignificance '' `` of the girl '' `` thin air '' `` parting ways '' this is classic Pearl Jam material , to bad they do n't seem to care anymore about putting out a decent sound onto a record ... To start off with this album has some great songs on , infact every track is great the problem is Eddie Vedders singing is terrible and the sound quality is absolute -LSB- ... -RSB- I mean if you compare the sound and musical sound of this with their other 4 albums before this , they sound a heak of alot better than this ! The songs just do n't grab you.Eddie Vedders singing just sounds lazy and slack , as if he ca n't be bothered anymore.It really upsets me to see such an album as this , and an album with such potential to full short of Pearl Jams high standards and expectations.This is the first Pearl Jam album that sounds bad in perfomance , the songs are very good , but unfortunatly those to things do n't go together .
 One ca n't argue the fact that Pearl Jam are not a dynamically sound band that overflows with confidence . When Pearl Jam departed from its grunge sound , the band promised a new and better music layout . I have yet to see those words made into action . Binaural is yet another god-awful attempt to salvage Eddie Vedder 's reputation for evocative silliness . I can credit this record for its occasionally bright concoctions , such as Insignificant , Evacuation , and Of the Girl , but that 's about as far as the CD goes , in terms of good direction . Light Years , Typing , and Rival are almost as terrible as the earlier horribly stingy single Yellowledbetter . Eddie Vedder can sing , and that 's good to know , but Binaural 's unoriginal , tasteless alternative rock material insures that wo n't ever matter . When Pearl Jam graduate to the aptly wonderful sound that they promised fans years ago , knock on my door and I 'll give it a listen . Until then , hit and miss LP 's like Binural will continue to flourish in their own scavely scattered rock messes , and will definitely stay out of my CD collection . It 's clear in songs like Nothing As It Seems that the group have an ego to follow and that they believe in their music , which is something great that I could n't say for some bands nowadays . However , Vedder and his group need to check the quality of the irritating music that they 're so blindly believing in .
 i dont know what it is , but it seems like pearl jam keeps making these albums layered with noise that mix heavy with the whines of eddie vedder . perhaps their goal has been to shake accessibility . they 've succeeded .
 I can see this album in the second hand bin at walmart already , if this is the best Vedder can do , he should retire .
 It usually takes a while for me to appreciate each PJ album but this one never came around . The only song I really like on the CD was `` Rival . '' It was kind of depressing because I kept listening to the CD waiting to discover something brilliant like I have in the past and it never happened -LRB- except for Rival -RRB- .
 Yes , the guys are soo lazy to come up with any really good material . Till No code , they were very very good , even though most people dissed no code , i still liked it very much . But Yield -LRB- and now Binaural -RRB- are just very mediocre efforts . Binaural has a good set of songs till track 6 -LRB- Thin air -RRB- , then off the girl , and thats it . The other songs are really unlistenable . The sad thing too is that the listenable songs dont have a lasting effect , and you can see for yourself , how often do you play yield now as oppossed to any of its predecessors ? People keep saying that pearl jam are just great because they refuse to come up with an album like Ten . I dont think they ` refuse ' ... they just cant do it again , thats all . Look at some guy like stone gossard , the guy who almost single handedly wrote the ten album , all he has on the new record is three songs , 2 of them are JUST ok , and one is trash ` rival ' . They just cant make it again , and this is passed off as experimentation , every single PJ album has been worse than the one before it -LRB- except for this one and yield , i listened to yield only 20 or 30 times then i gave it to a friend for good -RRB- . Pearl jam just lost it -LRB- or are losing it , because they still have killer tracks on this album such as god 's dice/breakerfall -RRB- I just dont know why people are waiting on them all that long . I will still buy all their coming albums , and i got 3 of their recently released live recordings , but w / every album ... i keep hoping they 'll have something that was life-changing as daughter/sometimes/corduroy / porch or whatever , but they dont .
 Remember the days when Pearl Jam was good ? back in good-ol-days with nirvana and other grunge bands.This was a valient effort from a once good band but thats all it was an effort . I hate to break the news to everyone but Pearl Jam is dead , and this cd ceartainly is n't helping bring them back from the dead.Save your memories of pearl jam , when they were good , and save your Money .
 Let me preface that I look forward to a PJ album every two years to reaffirm my belief in rock and roll . They have n't ever failed ... until now . Listening to this album made me think the band needed to take 4-5 years off , not do side projects , and use their best ideas for the next record . I was so depressed that I pulled out all my PJ cds -LRB- b-sides too -RRB- and started ranking songs . I got to 30 something before I could even think about putting something from Binaural on the list . There are some solid songs but nothing that jumps out at you . Experimental -LRB- meaning atypical of the PJ sound -RRB- songs that have worked really well in the past -LRB- Spin the Black Circle , Do the Evolution come to mind -RRB- fail miserably here -LRB- Evacuation , Grievance -RRB- . Overall this album is a huge disappointment when judged against their former body of work . Do n't know how someone could give this album five stars . Seems extremely optimistic and forgiving at best . Patently stupid at the worst .
 This is not one of Pearl Jam 's better albums . The typewritter at the end was more satisfying to my ears than the music itself ! What happened to their old melodies ? The last couple of albums , I have not enjoyed . The only thing fascinating about this album is the head phone trick for 2 of the songs . -LRB- Surround sound -RRB- . Other than that , I should have saved my money .
 what happend to the old pearl jam ? this cd is pretty boring . there 's no juming around on the cd . tracks 5 and 6 or good even without the wildness , but they lost it ,
 How do I begin ? First off , Pearl Jam is my favorite band and I love every one of their CD 's ... up until this one . Pearl Jam 's last album `` Yield '' was arguably the best one they have made . I had such high expectations for this album , but I bought it the first day it came out ... and I am so dissapointed . I just ca n't believe that this is the same band that has just made the 5 best rock albums of the decade -LRB- Ten , Vs. , Vitalogy , No Code , Yield -RRB- ... it shocks me how fast a band really can go down hill . Their is not even one notable good song on this album ... it 's all easily forgettable . Their last two albums -LRB- No Code , Yield -RRB- were Pearl Jam 's best yet , and then they make this . I was so sure that they were just going to keep getting better like they always have ... but I was wrong . Pearl Jam has always been my favorite band , and they still are , but this just proves that their best days are behind them ... although their best days were not so long ago ...
 I 've purchased most of the Pearl Jam catalog , and I 've got to say this one is a disappointment . There are some good songs here , but there are also some that just are n't interesting enough to keep me away from my CD player 's skip button . They just seem so wrapped up in making artistic and meaningful songs that they 're missing the fact that they are n't any FUN . There 's nothing wrong with being deep , but sometimes you need to break a sweat and jump around a little . Too many of these songs lie there like a beached sea creature .
 Why does everybody seem to treat this group with kid gloves and flowery 4-5 star ratings?The Pearl Jam of Ten and Vs. is dead . Over . Done . The slippery slope began with Vitalogy , which still produced a few left-over gems . Why does Eddie and the guys think that growlingly untuned guitars and fast and hard rythms with little to no creativity or hook-less song structure is actually good music?Binaural 's first four tracks are total garbage . Too much of this album reminds me of Vitalogy 's worst songs -LRB- which was nearly all of them -RRB- . I 'm tired of Eddie 's quiet singing hidden in a swirl of jangling guitars , which , after awhile sounds identical to each other.Sleight of Hand and a couple other tracks are decent , but nothing to suggest that the last album , Yield 's top two songs `` In Hiding '' or `` Given To Fly '' were n't coming attractions of what this group was trying to recapture , but rather a look back.If you really want a taste of a few of these songs without too much of a risk , pick up the excellent live albums . I 'm not asking for another `` Alive '' -- hell , I 'd settle for another `` Dissident or Rearview Mirror '' at this point . Instead we 're left with `` Brain of J '' and `` Spin the Black Circle '' - type nonsense.Do yourself a favor and buy some of the live albums instead , which at least for me , stands as an epitaph for how great this group used to -LRB- and still could -RRB- be .
 B O R I N GTHAT 'S ALL
 Binaural is a major disappointment both musically and lyrically . Pearl Jam is a very talented band and could have done alot better .
 Its very simple ... this is not PJ . I dont know who this is . Fans will try to defend this by saying things such as '' they 're growing '' or `` not afraid to break barriers '' or other silly excuses . Simple put ... this stinks . I will grant you that I can not compare this to another sound I 've heard ... maybe some remote Pink Floyd , with a touch of the Who before they were good . For me the real test to any piece of music is this : When your driving on the highway , and a tune comes on ... you want to turn up the volume . Its that simple . And this album , all I want to do is press mute !
 hands off!something went wrong ... i bought all pearl jam albums . . till now ! `` Yield was weak , but `` Binaural '' is nothing else than bad pop music . one hour `` tralalalala '' . eddies voice is incredibly weak and i could n't name one single surprise or evolution.my advice : hands off !
 I really had high hopes for this cd . After being disappointed with No code , Yeild was a major improvement . I figured that this latest release from Pearl Jam would be even better . I was wrong . Out of 13 songs , I can honestly say that only about 4 or 5 have any kind of hook or melody to them . `` God 's Dice '' and `` Evacuation '' are utterly pointless ! However , this album does have some moments of genius . The songs `` Light Years '' `` Nothing as it Seems '' `` Thin Air '' and `` Insignificance '' Are excellent , but everything else is nothing but filler . I will always be a Pearl Jam fan and I will always buy their music , but this cd is a little hard to swallow .
 This was listed as being a vinyl record yet it was not . Clearly needs to be recategorized . Also , the cd did not have a booklet . Super crappy sale from a company that clearly does not care !
 This recording , featuring a number music biz pros , -LRB- some of them being fairly talented folks -RRB- is , ultimately , a soulless bore.For those who wish to see what Carlos Santana is capable of , you should check him out in the film of , or on the soundtrack to , `` Woodstock '' wherein he and his band deliver a scorching rendition of the song Soul Sacrifice . Then , listen to this . The comparison will make the differences between what Santana once was and what Santana now is completely obvious . It 's like the difference between a full course Thanksgiving dinner lovingly prepared by your mom vs. a Swanson frozen turkey dinner . Both are turkey dinners , but I know which one I prefer . Obviously , Mr. Santana is now in the business of simply cranking out a mere product . Having had chart topping success a few years ago working with the Matchbox 20 singer , he now tries to duplicate the same formula . But here , he 's thrown in everying but the kitchen sink , hoping something will work . It does n't . I have a suggestion for you Carlos . You are still a gifted guitarist , but your music is now pointless . Why not assemble a real band , for a change , one worthy of the name Santana . And while you are at it , can you , or somebody , get Clive Davis to retire from the music industry .
 thanks ea-pty for the heads up about the rootkit trojan horse ... I dont plan on buying ANYTHING from Sony Music again!I am very disappointed in Santana for letting this happen . .
 First let me say , I 'm a big fan of 70 's classic rock . I ca n't help it - I just love the music from that decade.Now , going into THIS album , I was n't expecting Santana to have the ability to release another Caravanserai , or another Borboletta -LRB- or my personal favorite - Love , Devotion , Surrender with John McLaughlin -RRB- . If only I could find the words to describe how shocked I was upon playing some of these songs for the first time . THIS is the new Santana ? No , no way . I refuse to believe it . I refuse to believe this kind of disappointing career turn is even possible for such a legendary guitarist . I refuse to believe Santana would change his sound and songwriting style as drastically as * this * album would suggest.Maybe this album is some kind of quick cash-in joke , or maybe Santana is desperate to stay in the spotlight for as long as possible . I love the mans music * so much * that I ca n't possibly give All That I Am a 1-star rating . Oh you better believe I 'm tempted to , but I wo n't . The guy obviously has some enormous talent with his ability to shift from bringing me to tears to making me very happy . Not many guitarists can change my emotions like Santana can . With that said , this is NOT an album I recommend . Not at all.Buy Caravanserai , Welcome , or ANYTHING from the 70 's before buying this . Please ! We can only hope one day Santana goes back to those experimental 70 's days and releases something truly incredible .
 Even Santana can not afford to release such a deceiving record , it 's not even commercial but lacks completely of soul and spirit . On the same time I bought Chavez Reavine by Ry Cooder , there you find soul . Despite it , I will probably see him and his friends on stage this year at the Montreux Jazz Festival
 When I first heard Supernatural I immediately knew it was going to be a classic . Then , Shamman came and , although good music , it turned out to be a little boring . You never know with Santana so I was eagerly awaiting what the master himself was conjuring for a new album . `` All That I Am '' came and , as an old Santana fan for over 30 years , I went ahead , without reading the reviews , and bought it . The album pleasurably starts with a a-la-Santeria song . Nothing better to commence an album moyubando the Orishas . But then , it goes downhill with pop-rock radio music . Why does it have to be that way ? I still have hopes that Santana will surprise all of us with his next album . He needs to do it so he can reconnect with his musical roots .
 It 's copy protected so it can not be ripped onto my IPOD in superior sound quality . On top of that , the sound is poor - poorly recorded.It 's the record company formula and the artist seems to be buying into it -LRB- along with the copy protection -RRB- . It certainly is NOT anything from 68-78 . To each his own . I 'm returning it as well tomorrow .
 I just got this CD and nowhere are you pre-warned about the COPY PROTECTION all over this CD . Who cares about the music at this point . IPOD is not a destination , MP3 ripping is inhibited . You may get it ripped but the output file will sound like trash . You can copy it to your PC 's hard disk but there it sits and requires keys to run . No wonder SONY is having financial problems . I 'll return this tomorrow . AVOID THIS CD and let ARISTA know how you feel .
 I 'm glad I read the reviews here before putting this disc into my computer . I 've dealt with copy protection schemes on VHS , DVD , and computer software , and I have yet to see one that does n't cause major technical glitches , to say the least . However , what I 'm reading here is going way beyond that . Hopefully the backlash on this will be strong enough so that Sony and the other manufacturers will back off on this sort of nonsense . -LRB- For details , see other reviews . -RRB- I doubt if Carlos Santana or any of his musicians are responsible for this . I 'd wager that the decision was made after the album was delivered and that Santana personally has no control over it.As for the record ... this is another attempt to recapture the magic of Santana 's big comeback hit , `` Supernatural '' , and like its predecessor , `` Shaman '' , it falls short . There are some interesting songs , but it lacks that Spanish feel that made the diverse offerings of `` Supernatural '' fit together . It 's smooth and mostly enjoyable music , but nothing special.It 's worthwhile for an old fogey like me , who grew up on Santana 's earliest records , to get some exposure to newer performers , even if I 'm only getting a taste . `` Supernatural '' got me listening to Everlast , and I 'm now a big fan.Note
 Hey I found a really great way to bypass the content protection on these CD 's . Open your favorite bittorrent client and download the mp3 's directly . This will eliminate any trouble you have with the copy-protection mechanism . Thanks !
 All the CD writing stuff aside , let 's concentrate on the music . Can you say take a good thing too far ? Supernatural was really good . Shamam was OK , but trending down . Now ` pop ' goes Santana . What a horrible bunch of rubbish . The songs with his band are OK , but nothing really new . The duet with Stephen Tyler is the most restrained I 've ever heard him . The instrumental with Robert Randolph and Kirk Hammet is good , but way too short and it fades out at the end ! Los Lonely Boys add something , which saves it from one star . But all this bubblegum , teenybopper pop er ' K-rap can go . Do n't buy it . You can have mine !
 Strongly recommend not buying . A couple of reviewers below stated that this CD does not contain the XCP rootkit . While they are technically correct this CD DOES CONTAIN the Sony/SunnComm MediaMax software that has been proven to be a big security risk also . The software installs even if one rejects the EULA ; the software goes on to install regardless . For details see Professor Alex Halderman 's website at Princeton University , `` Not Again ! Uninstaller for Other Sony DRM Also Opens Huge Security Hole '' at `` www.freedom-to-tinker.com '' .
 This review is n't commenting on Santana 's new music , but on the CD , specifically the copy protection . I wo n't be buying `` All That I Am '' as long as it is in copy protected form that prevents me from listening to a CD that I PURCHASE on any device that I want to listen to it . I looked at this disc in a store , and the list of copy protection compatibility restrictions reads like warnings for a prescription drug . Among other things , you can only rip the disc on a PC to WMA format with rights management using Windows Media Player , and apparently can not rip it to MP3 format.I have been a huge Santana fan since the very beginning . I have seen the group live twice , and I have owned at least 10 of the albums over the years . But , sorry Carlos , I wo n't be buying this one as long as it is in this restricted form.I strongly urge anyone considering purchase of this disc to read the detailed article at www.sysinternals.com/blog/2005/10/sony-rootkits-and-digital-rights.html regarding malicious software this disc installs on your PC .
 Not only is this a mediocre Santana CD -LRB- Carlos with a bunch of trendy guests for big sales ! -RRB- , it is loaded with copy protection software . I gritted my teeth when I learned that I could NOT rip this CD directly into iTunes for my iPod . Copy protection limits and lessens the conumer experience ; a huge backlash has already started , causing CD sales to slide even further . Why does n't Sony/BMG get it ? Copy protected CDs are terrible and you must avoid this CD !
 A scapegoat , unfortunately Santana 's and Van Zant 's music have become the whipping boys which Sony has refused to defend from the consumer backlash.Listen , it 's not so much the ` All That I Am ' part of the title we have a problem with , Sony . It 's the ` Copy-Protected ' section we 're picking a bone with . And since you have violated the consumers ' rights , you had better get a damned good lawyer .
 I am very disappointed with this CD 's inability to download effectively to my iPOD for my listening pleasure . This is a political issue between Sony and Apple and nothing to do with technology . This is a major upswelling of displeasure over this issue . Search the internet for `` Sony DRM Software '' and you will get tons of articles covering this issue . If you live with your iPOD than this is NOT the CD for you .
 Despite the fact I sampled and enjoyed most of the music on this CD at a local store , I will not be purchasing this or any CD implementing Sony 's latest generation of copy-protection . Preventing people who purchase this album from making legal backups or copies for their own personal use on MP3 players is a completely unacceptable practice , and should be stopped.Furthermore , the software installed by this CD cloaks its presence on your computer , disguises itself as something else in case the average user stumbles onto references to it , and has the potential to damage computers if not removed properly -LRB- which is n't as easy as going to Add/Remove programs , as it is not listed there -RRB- . For more information on this new , malicious form of copy-protection , I suggest googling `` sony + DRM + rootkit '' .
 santana himself hate the music he 's making , he loves jazz fusion and real rock not this rubbish , but he has sold his soul for money.you are not listening to santana here -LRB- like supernatural and shaman -RRB- but you are listening to inputs record company made for him .
 Yep ! Santana comes back yet once more with the SAME formula
 I 'm personally not the biggest Santana fan in the world even though i think his older stuff was very good , was never a fan of the whole Guest Pop Artist genre that he 's dragging through the mud . Why do i say he should be sued ? Well anyone who is this protective about there music -LRB- including Metallica n't -RRB- should not be aloud to put out CD 's . I myself have never and wo n't buy any CD-thats mainstream and has any kind of copyright protection , its rediculous , all these artists and record companies keep trying to come up with ways to keep the comsumer from `` sharing '' there music with other people . As if making a lot of once free P2P file sharing programs charge 99 or 89 cents a song -LRB- which the artists still do n't approve of -RRB- they are now installing virus 's on the CD 's ... whats next , putting Anthrax in the sleeve to kill the fan who bought it when it opens?I myself download music for the two main reasons and will gladly use my freedom of speech to say so .1 . The price of Cd 's is outrageous , even though companies like Best Buy , and Circuit City have lowered the prices a bit , they still usually do n't carry anything i listen to . I myself am more of an obscure metal fan , so i do n't think there 's any threat of me drying up the music market from downloading . In fact the bands i listen to WELCOME it because a lot of them are aspiring artists wanting to get there stuff out there and APPRECIATE there fans at any cost . The music industry in general is all about the mighty dollar and how successful the bands become , instead of how good the music is and how much the band members love to play it , thats sad , even pathetic . Hense why i listen to underground music .2 . I 'm not spending 15 bucks or more on a CD that i may like 1 or 2 songs on , then , stick it on the shelf so it collects dust for years to come . I 'd rather pick and choose the music i like and even buy a CD after downloading it first , so see its `` not '' stealing as people say . This practice has been going on for many years with the inception of Beta and VHS tapes , and will never stop . People buy IPODS , and MP3 players for the sole purpose of starting a music library , which the music industry is trying to stop , yeah , ok lets just stop all production of Burners , Players , VCR 's , and tape decks to , that 'll happen . Also another point is that the big money these artists make in on tour , i repeat on TOUR , not on CD sales . So in all this being said Santana should have his a # % sued for the hard ships these people have went through in having to redo there entire computers systems , or even ruining them . A true artist doesnt care how his or her music gets out there , or how much it sells , they care about the fans and how much THEY enjoy it , but as i 've seen and read Santana is about the biggest jerk in music today , and very self-centered . As you listen to this album listen to every song , and you 'll here this , `` YEAH SANTANA 's IN THE HOUSE '' , `` YEAH BABY CARLOS SANTANA ON THE GUITAR MAN '' , `` BRINGIN IT DOWN WITH MR CARLOS SANTANA , NO S # % # !!! its a Santana album , we are all aware of this by the title !! Guess he needs that reassurance . Anyways , get music the way you feel you should , buy it , download it , copy it off the radio , friends whatever , in my opinion music should be free , and entertainers are paid way to much for what they do , but hey thats just me , i 'm a music lover , not a money GRUBBER . LATER ... KEEP ON KEEPIN ON FOLKS . P.s isnt it funny that KIRK HAMMETT is on this album , boy must be nice to band together all the selfish , narcisisitc , money hording musicians out there. : -RRB-
 I have n't purchased this as i got burned by a similar copy protection scheme on the new Van Zant CD . Basically this new Sony scheme installs a new player on your computer , runs something in background which can not be deleted , and you ca n't install this CD on your IPOD -LRB- under Windows -RRB- . Basically this will install a worm on your computer . Check the reviews for Van Zant 's `` Get Right with the Man '' for more specifics . *** New
 The quality of the recording is very poor particularly after ripping it into itunes . The sound is empty . I would not buy this CD .
 As you know , this is Santana 's third CD of mostly `` duets '' . The first , Supernatural was very good . Shaman and this one are not so good.Of the 13 tracks , 4 are standard Santana band compositions . All 4 are very good . If the rest of the ablum were like those , than this would be a 4 to 5 star album.Most of the `` duets '' are not very good . They are not really duets . They are an artist playing music , with Santana 's guitar poorly dubbed over the song.These songs are not about two artists getting together and collaborating on some music . It is like Santana has never really met most of these people . The guests recorded their tracks in places like LA and New York , while Santana was in the Bay Area.It does n't work at all . It really just sounds like Santana 's guitar was stuck on top of these songs . It sounds ridiculous in parts . Like as if you were at home , playing a CD and pulling out your guitar and playing along . If Santana 's guitar were n't on these songs , it would n't be noticed , or in some cases , the songs would be better.Some of the songs are really bad . The Steven Tyler song is a bad 1980 's type corporate rocker , and Santana plays some of the worst guitar of his career . Los Lonely Boys are just annoying . -LRB- I know , I know , many people like this boy band crap -RRB- . The only real good duet is the one with Mary J Blige.Overdubbing has been done since almost the beginning of recorded music . And there have been many successful albums that have been recorded in different studios . But these are all about artists sharing a vision . On this album , it is just a producer running around , slapping things together.Note that Santana has a very long history of collaborating with other artists . In concert , he always brought out the warm up band to jam on his encores . When Santana was the warm up band for Eric Clapton , they would always have a super jam at the end of the show . Santana has had duet albums with other musicians , like John McLaughlin and Buddy Miles . He has had guest musicians do songs , like Willie Nelson on Havana Moon . But , these were always collarborations of artists working closely together , not phoning it in from different parts of the country .
 I remember way back when Santana was a band . There were actuall members of the group . Santana has , over the course of years , turned itself from a highly progressive and original band , to a solo guitarist who changes the line-up of the band way too often . Is there a Santana band anymore ? Last time I checked , Carlos is the only one that comes out in commercials , liner notes , ads , photos , etc. . This album is the third , and hopefully the last , in a series of Carlos Santana 's collaborations with other artists . Only four , -LRB- FOUR ! -RRB- songs out of the whole album is Santana by itself . The rest is Carlos Santana playing with other groups . The only good song -LRB- which is actually a mediocre song at best -RRB- is the first one , Hermes.Santana has often had albums in 3 's . Their first 3 , then the 3 jazz fusion albums , then the 3 `` Back to Basics '' albums -LRB- Amigos , Festival , and Moonflower -RRB- . Hopefully , All That I Am is the end of a trilogy of commercial sell-out albums .
 Sorry , I was so disappointed ! It was a bore , Let down like a kid on Christmas day !
 Santana is good but the CD is crap , its not a proper CD as u expect ... You ca n't make FLAC file in order to play on your portable music player , if you use the copy feature which comes with this CD - it will copy the crappy . wma version.Avoid buying this disc .
 Something was missing from this one , and I do n't quite know what . Oh well , you ca n't always produce a smash hit .
 I am studying for a mid-term exam and decide to listen to my new Santana CD . I pop it into my PC CD player , click Yes and start to play the music . Take a break - wonder what Amazon reviews has to say about the album . I learn that I just installed a rootkit on my computer that opens my computer up to security vulnerabilities and also transmits information to Sony music servers . Well , I 'll have to uninstall it - WRONG . There was no uninstaller provided with the installation and the uninstaller provided at the software company , SunnComm , will open my computer up to more vulnerabilities . After looking at the Electronic Frontier Foundation -LRB- EFF -RRB- web site and catching up on news and lawsuits regarding this issue , I do n't quite know what to do about getting rid of this hassle . How rude of Sony and BMG . If this is what it takes to protect intellectual rights , I 'll have to make sure that I do n't support those artists and companies.By the way , the music on the CD is not so great either.If I could give this CD zero -LRB- or negative -RRB- stars , I would .
 `` All That I Am '' is not all the I hope to expect , well quite frankly I would think he would retire instead keep trying to release more and more albums . `` Supernatural '' was a great album but as all great albums are extremely hard to mimic or beat and in this Santana is n't able to that.Yeah , I will admit there are a few good songs on here such as `` I 'm feeling you '' which is the only reason I gave this album a 2 , also `` Twisted '' and `` Cry Baby Cry '' .
 Like a couple of other reviewers , I have everything that Santana has ever done , and have seen the band live a million times.I hate to say this , but the album is a good cure for insomnia . Carlos , what were you thinking ? `` All that I am '' is messy , with few periods of great guitar work and a wonderful percussion section way under utilized , which has always been the basis of great Santana music in the past.Performances by guest vocalists are mediocre at best.Carlos , you owe it to your loyal fans to create an album with just you and your band of great musicians . Lighten up on the vocals , play more instrumental stuff , and show the World why Santana is second to none in musical ability.By the way , Caravanserai is my favourite .
 This CD installs w/o your permission a ROOTKIT . For those who do n't know what the term means , a rootkit is a type of Trojan that keeps itself , other files , registry keys and network connections hidden from detection . It runs at the lowest level of the machine and typically intercepts common API calls . For example , it can intercept requests to a file manager such as Explorer and cause it to keep certain files hidden from display , even reporting false file counts and sizes to the user . A root kit is also defined as a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system -LRB- your PC is cracked by the trojan included on the CD w/o you even knowing about it once you play it -RRB- . These tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . A rootkit may also include utilities , known as backdoors to help the attacker subsequently access the system more easily . For example , the rootkit may include an application that spawns a shell when the attacker connects to a particular network port on the system . Kernel root kits may provide functionality that allows processes started by a non-privileged user to execute functions normally reserved for the superuser . The only way to remove the trojan is to reinstall windows from scratch . That is really what I was looking for . Thanks Santana !! ** update 11/18/05 ** Sony has released an updated `` full list '' of infected CD &#8217; s. On their previous so called `` full list '' , only 20 titles showed up , as if they didn &#8217; t know how many titles contained the rootkit . Now they list 52 . When will they come clean ? This Santana CD DOES contain a rootkit . Sony employs different brands of rootkits for their copy protection . There seems to be no rhyme or reason to the list , other than the fact that they were all released within the last 6 months . So ALL copy protected Sony titles released since May 2005 contain the EULA that installs the rootkit . I had to reinstall windows all over , and believe me , it was no picnic . If I were you , I would just avoid danger . Why risk it ?
 The copy right police have gone way too far ! I have never illegally downloaded or copied any type of media . This CD will not even let you download it to an IPOD or any other MP3 player . I do n't even own a CD player . I buy my music and download it to my IPOD . There should be a to the point warning about the paranoia police and the uselessness of this CD ! I am the one that has been ripped off here ! I will never buy or support any of the artists envolved with this crookery ever again !
 I can not begin to convey my anger now that I 've learned that it was this LEGALLY PURCHASED cd which caused my computer to crash last week . After spending nearly 5 hours on the phone with Dell India , no one there could figure out what was causing the blue screens every time I tried to start up . They did not know what `` aries.sys '' -LRB- listed on the blue screen -RRB- was but pegged it as a newly-released virus . I was told that the only way to fix my system was to do a total reformat . So we spent another 2 hours reloading Windows & drivers etc. . I lost half of my iTunes library but at least I wo n't be wasting another day re-ripping the other half of my cd collection -LRB- that was n't on my iPod -RRB- onto my hard drive . Instead I am just going to download all the songs I want -LRB- and more -RRB- from Kazaa . At least the spyware that Kazaa installs does n't make your computer un-useable . Great job , Sony . After this fiasco you can be certain that I will never again buy one of your cd 's . I hope you get sued into bankruptcy court for installing trojan viruses on a million people 's computers , it 's exactly what you deserve .
 Do n't buy this CD . How do we know it 's not putting spyware on our PC 's like Sony 's discs currently are ? I wo n't ever buy a copy protected CD . The reason being if I buy something , I own it - NOT the record company . I will copy it and put it on my iPod or PC , or not . It 's not up to the music industry to decide . I do n't want some music company telling me what I can and can not do with my own property or installing spyware on my computer , which seems to be the current trend . The music industry has lost yet another customer .
 You 'll be surprised when you put this CD in your computer . It does warn you that it 's about to install software on your computer , an attempt at copyright protection . When I declined to have it install this , the computer spit out the CD.A recent article describes how the anti-piracy software opens your computer to hackers . Check it out here
 First the rootkit - many Sony/BMG music CD 's install a ` rootkit ' - a commonly used hacker backdoor trick - on your Windows PC if you play them on your computer . This disc employs a different but still invasive method licensed by Sony from Sunncomm . It 's not just a matter of copy protection , it 's a matter of security , performance and system stability . Sony/BMG CD 's will negatively impact all three . Do n't buy this CD for that reason alone , or at the very least , do n't play it on your Windows PC.Second , the music . I used to be a big fan of Santana -LRB- the guitarist and the band -RRB- and Supernatural , although a weaker effort than the ` old ' Santana , gave me hope that Carlos might be on the return . ` All That I Am ' is a disappointing step in the other direction . It literally sounds like the tracks were recorded and Carlos came in on his lunch hour and improvised solos over the top of a finished mix . His tone is wretched , his playing is uninspired and his contribution is more name than music . Want to hear some passion , some fire , some * real * Santana ? Go find Abraxas or one of his band releases from the early 70 's . Skip this watered down , computer trashing , phoned in muzak .
 This disc does not comply with the `` Red Book '' standard for `` Compact Disc Digital Audio '' , of which Sony was a co-author . These standards were developed so that media and devices could be developed independently of each other , and still `` play nice '' with one another . Sony has decided , on it 's own accord , to violate the standard in order to advance their own anti-consumer agenda.Be forwarned ... the technology used by Sony on this disc requires anyone who wants to listen to this disc on their Windows computer to install Sony 's special malware software , which can not be removed by the owner of the computer system . In otherwords , Sony hijacks a portion of your computer to play their product . Personally , I think that _ I _ should be in control of my own computer system , and that my computer system should not have control over ME.Think before you buy .
 This CD will install software on your PC w/o asking for your permission . The software is the same as spyware or malware and is difficult to remove . Do n't buy this or any other CD withcopy protection .
 This Santana album has MediaMax copy protection software embedded in the CD . The problem with this CD is that the MediaMax program installs undisclosed -- and in some cases , hidden -- files on users ' Windows computers , potentially exposing music fans to malicious attacks by third parties . The infected CDs also communicated back to the record company about customers ' computer use without proper notification.This is unacceptable and it will make me think twice before buying another Santana album . Also , if the record company wishes to treat me like a criminal and take away the right to make a personal copy of music I purchase because of a few bad apples , then it should realize that it will lose its few remaining customers.Santana , please release this CD without these copy protection schemes and I will buy it . Thank you .
 I have read all the review of new and long time fans , I agree with the long time fans , since Carlos success from Supernatural , he has been untouchable in the sense that those faithful who kept buying His music in the lean years just to get one or two good songs from each LP -LRB- that 's a vinyl disc for you young folks -RRB- as well as attending concerts because they were affordable and because you were approachable then , now has become a lost message of freedom . Carlos , there is a quote from one of your songs , `` Songs of Freedom '' speaks about how you felt about music 20 years ago compared to who you are today.The fact that you or Arista put Copy write protection on the disk at this point of your career is absurd , plain and simple.Carlos , you have repeatly voice your distaste for the corporate world , yet here you are as part of it.the person who wrote to the rest of us to lighten up , just does not get it ! Carlos was one in a million , the one musician who understood music at the level of Coltrane , Bola Sete , Miles , SRV and Jimi thats what hurts the most.I have been a fan for more than 30 years and like many others , carlos for many years was a Godsend , someone who stuck to thier priciples instead of pleasing the Masses just to make record companies happy.The last thought I will write in spanish . Carlos , tu fuistes una luz para mi en juventud , por parte de musica yo evite las calles violentas , por parte de ti encontre el mundo , la musica suprema y un heroe Mexicano . regresa , a tu raices de antes , ayi encontraras la luz de verdad.Que dios te vendiga siempre .
 Turns out that Sony has copy protection on their CD 's that can cripple your computer , let it reboot by remote request , download and install any software from any website without your permission and changes its own security rights to bypass any you have set.Ok , all that stinks for the honest people.However , if you are a pirate this is super since this Sony software can EASILY hide any of their copying programs from detection . So , Sony managed to empower the pirates to the point they ca n't be found at all , while completely obliterating the privacy and security of their PAYING CUSTOMERS . Nice combo meal.How is that for irony ? The pirates love that Sony software since they can use it to steal this CD -LRB- and others -RRB- . They even posted that they can use Sony 's other recording software on the same computer as this `` protection system '' , without the Sony recorder showing up in any way.I wo n't buy this CD , I wo n't steal it or rip it either . All I want to do is avoid it at all costs . There just is n't any side of this that is acceptable.AVOID AVOID AVOID .
 This CD contains a virus that infects core Windows components and can not be removed without reformating your hard drive!It is safe to play on a CD player but DO NOT PUT THIS DISC IN YOUR COMPUTER!Too bad , its a great record .
 Do not purchase this CD . If you have n't heard already , Sony BMG has included on this CD - in the name of copyright protection - `` a flawed and overreaching computer program ... -LSB- that -RSB- has created serious security , privacy and consumer protection problems '' for customers who try to play it on their PC . See http://www.eff.org/IP/DRM/Sony-BMG/ for more information . In the meantime , avoid this CD until Sony BMG issues a standard CD without this hindrance or Carlos finds a better label . Another problem with this CD is that the so-called `` copyright protection '' steps over the line by preventing paying customers from having fair access to the music by copying it to their iPods . Note to Amazon
 If you plan to use this CD on a computer , you should know by now to avoid buying it -LRB- and boycott Sony while you 're at it -RRB- . I made the mistake of buying it as soon as it was released , so I 'm out of luck . If you 're a diehard fan of Carlos ' classic rock era , then this CD will probably polarize you once again . If you 're from Gen X or Y and like hip hop , R&B , or pop , and you liked his previous two CD 's , then there 's a good chance you 'll be happy with this one . After three similar CD 's in a row , fans ca n't help but argue whether he has evolved and is reinventing himself or he sold out for a commercial formula . Only you can decide for yourself . Carlos at least injects some of his fiery licks & phrasing into each song . Many of them would be fairly bland and mediocre if he did n't . You certainly see more of his smoldering intensity on the tracks without the guest artists . I still feel Carlos is one of the most exciting guitarists of all time , and if he still feels the need to bring in a guest artist , I would be thrilled if he teamed up with Henry Garza -LRB- of Los Lonely Boys -RRB- and put out an instrumental album of guitar-fueled fury . Perhaps Sony & the producer discouraged him from going back to his roots because they feel that audience has died out . No , we 're still here ... hoping & waiting ...
 Sorry diehards but Carlos is selling out to the mainstream , what was once beautiful music from this man has turned into the same crap we hear from every other mainstream artist you see on mtv day in and day out ... I bought this at a local store cause it was cheap ... 9.95 ... gon na take it out and play frisbee with it tomorrow or give it to the first hip hopper that comes along ... Carlos is no longer a Shaman . . just a Shame ...
 I liked the Santana - Steven Tyler song/video . Since I found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something I buy within reasonable means - I wont buy the CD.Want to make sure that Sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . I have been burned by Sony 's proprietary -LSB- ... -RSB- before on other items , so I will stay away .
 Have been a Santana fan for 35 years . Buy all that Santana has to offer on the release date . But no more . This is trojan horse . Do your self a favor and avoid .
 Wo n't even consider the short and long term effects of this CD on the security of our computers and the information thereon.No music is worth the enormous risk Santana and Sony are inflicting on us in a less than honest manner . The back peddling is fine and all , but its far safer to simply ban these artists and Sony from the house.Its not even that we wo n't buy them , we will actively scan all music friends bring over for dinner to ensure its not Sony.The EULA is silly , I do n't agree and I wo n't read ammendments in the future.The answer is simply No .
 This think take over the control of your PC , do not buy this !!!!!
 Thank you SONY and your SPYWARE placed on CD 's , I will not purchase any PRODUCT with SONY as a Owner , Name or ETC and including the the new SANTANA CD ALL THAT I AM . You have lost a customer for now.HAPPY NEW YEAR 2005
 Although I am a HUGE fan of Santana , this album sucks BIG TIME and I am really pissed for wasting money on a `` below average quality collaboration '' album.When I want to listen to Santana , I want to listen to Santana , not a scramble of duets where NOISE , not music is the main result.And those who think this album is good , go listen previous albums of Santana then you will realize THAT WAS THE REAL SANTANA.This album is a HUGE step back in Santana production and in its musical journey . I could barely `` feel '' his `` musical signature '' -LRB- as in his guitar -RRB- from the rest , where the rest is a `` pathetic '' mixture of the `` present '' cool singers/whatever ... Sorry , as much as I love Santana , I was and am ashamed to have spent even just 17 dollars -LRB- canadian -RRB- for an album that went straight into my closet , labeled `` LOSER '' . Save your money and your love for Santana , sticking with his better , previous albums .
 10 years ago when had bought the Santana Brothers Disc you could play Carlos Santana Music & actually get some blank looks like does He still make records ? nowadays He is playing guest on his own Albums which has that Clive Davis formula trademark stamp all over them just Alicia Keys Albums , but that is another story or is it ?? carlos has a few decent moments such as having Robert Randolph on board.but Once `` Smooth '' Hit there was no going back.actually when you know some of your Santana history this trilogy of Duet Albums ai n't that different from back in the day if you remember back in the 70 's when `` I 'm Winning '' was a Huge Hit.but the difference between now & then is that Carlos would stop after going for the Radio Hit with 1-2 songs , not a whole Album of the same formula.He is basically known for His signature riffs & now allowing others to send him up the charts.He has gained more attention in the past 6 years with the Guest format , but at what Musical cost ??
 I was reading most of the five star reviews -- each reviewer sounding like they barely discovered Santana three albums ago . Supernatural was good , but trust me , folks , you ai n't heard nothing yet if you have n't heard the rest of his catalog . I grew up on Santana 's music , all of it , not just his greatest hits , but everything
 Been a Santana fan since his early days . Liked most of his recordings . But this one really sucks . Last two cd 's where all right . Save your money on this one buy some of his early stuffinstead .
 Message to Carlos Santana
 You know , it is sometimes very difficult to read reviews of CDs and get an honest opinion . You have the diehard fans who will like anything an artist puts out , you have people who are just trolling around , looking to make others mad , and you have some people complaining about CD Copy Protection -LRB- I know it 's stupid , let 's move on with life , complaining on Amazon is n't going to change things -RRB- . I however , am none of those , I 'm familiar with Carlos ' older works , I 've heard his recent CDs , and I 've heard this CD , and friends , let me tell you something , you do n't need to purchase this disc.When Mr. Santana came out with Supernatural lo those many years ago , I actually enjoyed it . I thought the Everlast song was excellent , I liked Smooth the first 400,000 times I heard it , it was a really interesting idea . Santana had been off the radar for a while , and it was a good way to get back in the spotlight . A couple years after that , we have Shaman , with again , duets , but this time with a lot less talented people . Seriously , Michelle Branch ? P.O.D. ? Placido Domingo ?!?!?! -LRB- not that Mr. Domingo is n't immensely talented , but this did n't work -RRB- . So OK , now we have two CDs of duets , time to move on , start getting back to writing songs that are n't as poppy . Yes maybe you wo n't be as mainstream anymore , but you 've made your money , time to move on . Now we have this disc , and I do n't care for it . It 's beating a good idea into the ground , and for what ? The old fans have long since departed -LRB- most of them anyway -RRB- , newer fans might latch on , but with the way music is so fickle , they 'll only be there for a short time . What after that ? We 're left comparing Oye Como Va to a song with Steven Tyler -LRB- how long has it been since Aerosmith was relevant ? -RRB- . Or Samba Pa Ti to a song with Bo Bice -LRB- the American Idol guy ? What 's the matter , Bananarama was n't available ? -RRB- This CD is n't all bad , the song with will.i.am is actually quite good , and the Los Lonely Boys tune is good as well , it 's just not SANTANA . I know people do CDs like this later on in life , they try to remain `` hip '' , look what performing a song with Run DMC did to Aerosmith , but I always thought Carlos was better than this . This seems like a complete money-grab situation , keep milking this same idea for 10 years , if I wanted that I could listen to Coldplay -LRB- seriously , do they have more than one song ? -RRB- . So give this disc a listen , form your own opinions , I just thought Carlos was this big spiritual guy , and this seems to be the exact opposite of what he stood for .
 On previous albums -LRB- Supernatural , Shaman -RRB- the songs felt like actual collaborations with the artists . On `` All That I Am '' -LRB- which is a good a joke for a title -RRB- , the songs feel like the guest artists just recorded their parts and mailed the recording off to Santana 's Berkely studio for him to put his recycled guitar licks over . And judging by the credits ... that 's exactly what happened.I knew I was n't getting a Santana album when I bought this . I just liked the guests he brought along on this one . Or should I say , `` I just like the artists that brought Santana along on this one . '' ? I dig Anthony Hamilton a lot , but not even his track is all that great . It seems to me that he really humbled himself and held back to give room for Santana to do something , but sadly , Santana does nothing with that `` room '' . I knew nothing about Bo Bice before , but based on his performance here , I feel he 's severly over-rated . Maybe it 's just not his style ? I do n't know.The Joss Stone and Sean Paul track is probably the highlight here . The track is smoldering and Santana actually helps the song out.I was looking forward so much to the Robert Randolph , Kirk Hammett , Santana track -LRB- Trinity -RRB- !!! But what 's up with that acoustic guitar ?!?!?! It sounds like crap !!! It sounds like somebody 's playing a tin bucket with strings on it ! That stupid acoustic guitar in the background KILLS the song and makes me wan na vomit!Overall , I could see all of these songs be complete without Santana even being on them ... and that 's a bad sign . But that statement is just eveidence that these songs are not actually collaborations , but they are just Santana jamming over a finished song that never needed him . Sad , I know . I wan na cry over my own statement there , but it 's the truth .
 CONTENT PROTECTED IS A VIOLATION OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLES RIGHTS , DO N'T SUPPORT ARTISTS THAT ALLOW THIS SOFTWARE ON THEIR ALBUMS
 BOOM BOOM man this album doesnt go well . Well i may point out first this album is completely different from the good old santana rap where did u go wrong carlos . srry but the only funny song is track number 4 where it goes BOOMBOOMBOOM . It makes me laugh especially when the guy raps cause he says like a bagel cut the bagel . HAHA but really if u want only one good song then this for you but other than that buy some good old santana like black magic woman . I LIKE THT SONG
 I am a long time Santana fan and have many of their albums/cd 's including Santana 's most recent duet cd 's . But - since I am best advised not to let this purposely virus infected piece of optical media anywhere near any of my computers , I do n't see why I should purchase it . And I will not ! I have plenty of other music to listen to . If Santana wants to sell cd 's - he needs to migrate to a label that actually wants customers . Nice going , Sony .
 Thank you for informing me beforehand that this product is copy-protected and wo n't play on all machines . I will save my money and not purchase this product . SONY take note
 while certainly not Santana 's best cd , the copywrite protection thing is a nightmare . I `` installed '' -LRB- not by my choice -RRB- this on my laptop to listen to it and it worked the first day , but never again . what a nightmare . I do n't have any interest in watching anything on a music cd -LRB- they should really offer different versions so people can choose -RRB- so the software included was not only worthless but a serious problem . I was going to buy 2 more copies for people for christmas presents but I would n't do this to them . Maybe they can just download the songs from applemusic . geez , i wo n't ever buy another cd like this and frankly , i 'd like my money back or to get one that does n't do this garbage !
 Do NOT purchase this , or any other Sony CD which Amazon has helpfully marked `` CONTENT / COPY PROTECTED '' if you plan to attempt to play this back -LRB- let alone rip a copy -RRB- on your Windows computer.See the customer reviews for the Van Zant Brothers CD here on Amazon , or search for David Berlind 's blog entry from November 1 on ZDNet and Molly Wood 's November 3 column on CNet for more details.One more thing
 I would advise not getting this CD for that reason - send a message . When I spend money on a CD I want to listen to it when and where I want to without having to download a bunch of software to my computer . I bought this CD today and I am returning it tomorrow .
 I was going to get this for my dad for X-mass , but sorry Sony not going to get . You lost out on my money because I am not going to give my father a virus . Guess I will get the next CD on his list .
 If you 're having the same problem , ea-pty wrote a very nice review for the Foo Fighter 's `` In Your Honor '' .
 I wo n't be buying this CD . Sorry , Carlos , but if your label needs to hijack my computer because they do n't trust me with your music , then there 's no reason for me to trust them with my money .
 I CA N'T BEIEVE IT - SAME CRAP I FOUND MY `` LAST '' CHRIS BOTTI - IT DOES NOT PLAY . IT MAY BE OK IN MY CD PLAYER IN MY TRUCKNO RESPONSE FROM WEB HELP ; I HAVE THE LATEST VERSION OF WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER AND DIRECTX SINCE I ONLY HAVE WINDOWS 2000 - MY WORK COMPUTER WHICH I CAN NOT UPGRADE , NOT MY PERSONAL COMPUTERLAST DISC I BUY FROM SONY - END OF SUBJECTMAD AS HELLarista is part of sony
 When will the record companies realize that people like me want to listen to music on our IPODs ? No more copy protected CD 's for me . As for `` All That I Am '' ... this is Santana 's 3rd attempt at the `` let 's bring in currently popular musicians and have Santana play over middle of the road pop music '' . I thought Supernatural was great . Shaman was OK , but enough already . The 3rd attempt is n't nearly as exciting . It does n't even sound like Santana anymore . His great guitar tones are wasted over sunny throwaway tunes . I want to hear Santana again . Not Bo Bice . Save your money .
 After leaving a huge legacy during the ' 60 's and '70s , Carlos Santana made a gigantic , Grammy-winning comeback with his phenomenal album , `` Supernatural '' . A big part of his success after being off the radar for years -LRB- besides his undeniable talent -RRB- was the addition of both songwriting and appearances from many current artists , assuredly a plot hatched by many music execs and focus groups . Unfortunately , they seem to be running that formula into the ground . Two post-Grammy xerox albums later , and I may have finally given up on Carlos for a while . Part of the big problem on this release is the attempt to combine Santana 's singular Latin-influenced style with an overabundance of R&B and hip-hop , which just comes across sounding contrived . Your money would be much more well-spent on the recently remastered release of Santana III , which is not only excellent but comes with a bonus disc of live material that smokes .
 I own almost every album of Santana , a life long fan . I own LP 's , Pre recorded cassettes , CDs and DVDs . This is one ablum I WILL NOT BUY with DRM software . Santana why are you doing this to your loyal fans ? We know money is not important to you , so why this ?
 I have been trying to remove the rootkit and DRM software that this CD installed on my PC without success . I ca n't comprehend why Sony would produce a CD that I ca n't play on my PC without installing extra software of a very dubious nature . This is a dangerous precendent Sony is setting . What is to prevent other record companys from wanting to install their own software , and what guarantees do I have that it wo n't walk on Sony 's device controllers , or slow my PC to a crawl running all this crap ? I 'll play this CD on the CD player , but not on my PC , and from my perspective , the value drops immensley without the PC functionality .
 To call Carlos Santana a one trick pony is harsh , but not even close . He 's a windup toy monkey with a pair of cymbals . I 'm sorry.In my early days of rock guitarist worship , I considered Carlos to be godly , but this was before Supernatural came out . I was basing my opinion on the wonderful and soulful band known as Santana that blew the concert goers of Woodstock out of their minds . The band who produced classics like Black Magic Woman , Oye Como Va and Evil Ways.Of course , the Abraxas-era Santana is long gone . Now Carlos is simply doing what he does best , plays a guitar solo while some random soft rock/R n ' B guest artist performs a song around it.See this is why I do n't care for Carlos anymore . He 's not a songwriter . He just plays a Latin-tinged lead to overproduced music while untalented hacks like Michelle Branch and Rob Thomas sing to lyrics written by studio producers.If Carlos formed a solid and soulful band to back him up , practiced his songwriting talents , gave the middle finger to Pro-Tools and fancy studios and settled on some raw recording . I might just listen to him again
 I 've been a fan of Carlos since 1968 . I even have recordings of him before the Santana band . The man is truly one of the greatest guitarists of all time and a true inspiration , as well as the band -LRB- including this one -RRB- being one of the greatest bands of all time . He is a true human being with dignity and grace . He even charted a course between 1972-1975 where no rock guitarist went before and none has gone since . His achievements are truly awesome . On Supernatural , he played with a vengeance , like a man who had something to prove even though no one believed him.Unfortunately , that Carlos is missing from this album . The Santana band is even in absentia . Make no mistake , Carlos and the gang are all here , but for the performance they turn out , they might as well not be . It appears to be Clive Davis ' album entirely . Carlos ' sound is perfect , but he plays like a charicature of himself . Never once does he catch fire . The band appears to be on vacation . There is practically no tune that stands out , because all are stuffed with bad lyrics and bad hooks and bad gimmicks . This is one for the dumpster , Carlos , -- right where I sent Shango . There are tunes that wear better than others
 C'mon kids . Get a grip on reality . Drm wo n't sell . Never ever will DRM sell . Let go already .
 As a Santana super fan this album feels so empty , sad and desperate.Supernatural was ok , Shaman , recicable and this one is pure crap.Santana please go back to yourself , Abraxas , Zebop , Inner Secrets , Moon Flower etc. . . The guitar lines sounds improvised and anoyng on top of this not Santana music , do yourself a favor , do n't waste your money and time ... Booooo
 You can not transfer music from this CD to iPod if you are using a PC.That alone is enough to turn me off , since that is the only way I listen to music these days . Sorry Santana , I 'm not interested enough to even bother although I 've been a fan for MANY years . And Sony , well , you confirmed that for this consumer , you just ceased to exist . You installed software on my PC without telling me what it would do , and without informed consent . Your rootkit technology has proven to be very dangerous for consumers , seriously compromising PC security . I currently do n't own anything made by Sony , and that is the way it will stay .
 Has anyone notice that this cover looks alot like william hung `` s cd cover . Of course it is not the same colors and all but santana is cherring and has his hand up in the air like that hung cover and there is people in the background . At This point Willam Hung is the more original artist . If that is not a bag on Santana then i do not know what is . The other thing i notice is that clive has people on this cd that have upcoming cds coming out or are on his label . And speaking of american idol why is Bo brice on this that is really lame , he while as well have gotten clay aiken . I cant believe this is the same guy who played with Hendrix , the Who , and joplin at woodstock after hearing this those artist are probaly rolling over in there grave .
 Personally I really enjoyed this album very much , though I do think Santana should do some more of his own work , and get away from the ` guest ' albums that have become a regular feature . Musical content gets 4 * -LRB- its enjoyable but not there with his best -RRB- . The copyright protection stinks , and IMHO is probably illegal in most countries -LRB- tantamount to virus infection or at least cyber vandalism - if someone did this to Sony 's corporate computers there would be a hell of a stink ! -RRB- . For that reason this CD should get less than 0 stars ... . DO NOT BUY IT.Amazon - be brave - refuse to stock these protected albums - it 's the only way Sony will learn!My advice - buy the album from iTunes . You get two bonus tracks , it can be burned to CD and then has no copy protection ... so you can transfer them to your MP3 player -LRB- or iPod if you are rich and silly -RRB- .
 Despite the rootkit scandal of late 2005 , Sony continues trying to sell copy protected CDs . Even if this copy protection software is less harmful than their last attempt , I only buy CDs that let me exercise my Fair Use rights under US copyright law to copy , back-up , and enjoy my music in any format and at any time I choose - whether on my MP3 player , my SlimServer , or my car CD player.Until the big labels get a clue about this and start treating their customers like , um , customers , and not crooks , they will continue to bleed money , and deserve it.I 'm even more disappointed that Carlos Santana went along with this . I thought he would know better than to mistrust his fans .
 Content / Copy-Protected CDThis product limits your ability to make multiple digital copies of its content , and you will not be able to play this disc or make copies onto devices not listed as compatible . Content / copy protected CDs should allow limited burning , as well as ripping into secure Windows Media Audio formats for playback with most compatible media players and portable devices . In rare cases , these CDs may not be compatible with computer CD-ROM players , DVD players , game consoles , or car CD stereos , and often are not transferable to other formats like MP3 .
 I will not buy this , or any other CD , that contains predatory software that makes the buyer vulnerable to spyware , viruses , and other PC problems . Talk about lousy customer service ! What is Sony trying to protect ? It was proven during the days of cassettes that convenience copying does not hurt the music industry . Those who would pirate the music , large scale , will find a way around the copy protection anyway . We consumers are the only losers .
 I love Santana , but I am not buying this CD because it installs the most insideous form of virus/trojan-horse called a root kit onto your PC if you rip/play it there . The rootkit is n't even well written at that , so it is even more dangerous to your pc.Also , There is NO WAY TO REMOVE IT without completely reinstalling your Windows Operating system!Don ' t get me wrong . I use Yahoo/musicmatch/napster and am comfortable with their Digital Rights Management.Tell SONY you wo n't stand for this and do not buy this CD
 I 've loved Santana for decades , and was excited to hear about the new album . And I even might have purchased it despite some of the less glowing reviews of the music ... . But the copy protection stuff is the clincher for me - this CD is not going into my collection.If I ca n't rip it for use on my mp3 players and laptop , I 'm not buying it , and I hope that many others -LRB- enough to make a dent in sales -RRB- feel the same way . I agree with a previous reviewer ; please write Arista -LRB- and Santana -RRB- about this .
 Because this disc installs a rootkit that slows down your PC and makes your PC easy to hijack by hackers I am not going to order it . Sony and Santana can keep their Copy protected CD !
 I totally agree with all the negative comments about this release.Quite annoyed that it can not be played on my P.C. or portable cd player.My copy will end up at the used cd store .
 I broke this piece of junk in half , it did damage to my PC . I dont care about losing the CD . It 's the principle !! Release this like a normal CD and I will buy it or I will go to ITunes and download and have freedom with the music . That 's after I find a way to get rid of the virus this thing infected my PC with . My computer has since been hacked . Sell me a virus and you can keep it , I will never buy garbage with this kind of software attached again -LRB- no matter who the artist -RRB- !!
 It appears that Carlos Santana 's latest outing was created to appeal to the widest audience possible.But now that Santana is an established household name , perhaps he can consider returning to the kind of music that made him so critically acclaimed and accepted.To my mind , Santana 's greatest moments were during the Caravanserai-Welcome-Borboletta chapter . It was , indeed , a ground-breaking period in his career . A time when , musically , enlightenment and understatement meant something.Carlos Santana is best when he is experimenting . And he has created a temple of followers that have hung with him over the years . But , with All That I Am , I am lost . And , as a fan , I am truly far from home .
 I rated this one quite generously . That one star was awarded just to Santana 's name because this music almost makes me feel cheated.Santana , in my opinion , is one of the greatest gutarists of all time . Sure , there are the technical masters such as Malmsteen and Vai , but no one has the same feel as Carlos Santana . It 's just a shame that he would take all of his talent and throw it away on garbage like this.If you actually like this music , then have fun , jump off a bridge . But if you agree that Santana is better than this , than check out anything else , the earlier the better , and definately go live.Overall , this album makes me wannt to throw up . Santana replaces all the beautiful spanish sound and soulfull chord progressions with pop garbage . Do n't buy it .
 Supernatural - Supernatural powers force the beginning of the end of Santana . `` All that I am '' is the death of `` this once upon a time great '' ! He needs Michelle Branch and co. to sell albums . Sony is showing its defensive strategies in the wake of digital technologies . The title `` All that I am '' is as defensive as it can get suggesting that Carlos Santana can only make this kind of music at this age ! The only decent track in this album is Trinity . All others - I 'm extremely sorry folks - dont regret spending any amount of money on this later . If you are an old santana fan , forget this one . New folks - check out the Ghost of Santana - you may want to hear the Late Santana after hearing to this .
 I LOVE Santana but this CD is not his best . The past two , Shaman and Supernatural , were so good I just about wore them out . This one will be dusty before it gets played again . Santana needs to get back to the scathing guitar riffs . There are some bright moments . The cuts with Michelle Branch and Joss Stone are good . But sadly this CD is way too much rap/hip-hop and merengue . Somewhere along the journey we lost Carlos Santana . Here 's hoping the next CD is the real deal . I wo n't even get into the CD Protection . I 'm just glad I found out before I tried to burn an extra copy for the car and screwed up my comnputer .
 was gon na buy it . then i found out about the root kit . Thanks for causing yourself to lose -LRB- ... -RRB- sony .
 Repetitious and disappointing for someone who bought all Santana records LP 's CDs and DVDs .
 Bought the CD , went to the concert , was disappointed at both . There 's just not enough Santana in `` All that I am '' . Instead , I went back to my own all time favorite `` LOTUS '' . It 's sad to see so much potential going to waste . It 's discouraging to know that the quality of his music is decreasing . I just hope that next time he decides to come up with an album it shows more of what he truly is ; A GREAT MUSICIAN , and not a back up guitar player as he seems in this album .
 1999 's comeback `` Supernatural '' was , of course , hugely successful . And it still sounds great today . 2002 's `` Shaman '' followed the blueprint of its predecessor , but fell a bit short . Now the trend continues with `` All That I Am . '' And frankly , the formula is starting to wear a bit thin.I wo n't waste time justifying Carlos Santana 's status as one of the greatest living musicians still working today ... you probably already know that . But his choice of material becomes less inspired with each of these well-intentioned collaborations . The guest stars are all credible -LRB- except maybe Bo Bice ? -RRB- , and I have to give Santana credit for at least making a more cohesive album this time out ... whatever `` Shaman '' 's merits might be , Macy Gray and Placido Domingo do NOT belong on the same album.I admit , I know very little about the pre-Supernatural Santana , so I find it ironic that the cuts I enjoyed most on `` All That I Am '' are , in fact , the more traditional Spanish-language dance tunes . The duets , for the most part , are just adequate . The Michelle Branch number is a bit too similiar to her previous colloboration with the group , `` The Game of Love . '' Steven Tyler is miscast in `` Just Feel Better . '' Even Santana disciples Los Lonely Boys seem to just be playing by-the-numbers on their track.Enough has been said about this new copy-protection process ... but here 's my 2 cents
 Santana is like an old oak tree -- some years there 's an abundance of acorns , and other years there 's a scarcity . This is a lean season , as the music seems more like muzak at times . I do n't fault his effort , but the outcomes are not what his hard core fans look for . But like the mighty oak , Santana endures , and there no doubt will be other , more plentiful seasons ahead .
 Well , I 've had a listen , and its all the same stuff , all over again.Does he not do anything new ? Does he not have enough in him to be self supporting ? Does he have to rely on bringing other poeple in?We 've done this , been there , ready to move on !!! So move on !!! Give me something new to listen to Mr Santana . Please.The CD ? Not that good . Expand your horizons . Change your guitar sound . Bring in fresh sound , not this old rehashed stuff with just new voices .
 All that Carlos Santana is NOT is this sound and vision rock god he 's created of himself to any currently popular artist who is coaxed to go for a brief ride onto the radio and best selling charts via a ` guest ' role on a Santana track . Nothing new - and even when Rob Thomas was being exploited by Carlos , Santana was recycling old familiar riffs to unsuspecting new generations of music fans . Thomas ' incredibly alluring vocal PRESENCE had more to do with the double diamond platinum selling `` Supernatural '' than Santana 's legendary expertise on the guitar . -LSB- Rehash-Rehash . -RSB- Carlos took all credit for it - he overlooked the fact that ROB THOMAS was RED HOTTER than hell at the time . Carlos Santana used to have his own regular lead singer fronting his band - scoring hit after hit . He shamelessly exploits Pop/R & B 's latest craze artists , and on occasion a veteran artist , for airplay , platinum awards and $ $ $ . Even since the huge comeback , severe lack of creativity plagues these monotonous recordings as we hear Santana `` just going through the motions '' in the studio . Clive Davis should move on to the next `` comeback '' artist he desperately needs to redesign by rehashing the respective musical traits that once adorned and propelled such person to massive sales status in his/her past because the Santana saga has gotten old and boring as of late . If you really want to enjoy pure , undiluted , unhomogenized Santana Music - his very first three albums are available on remastered reissues here - go explore the magic of Santana 's innovative brilliance on `` SANTANA '' - `` ABRAXAS '' - `` SANTANA III '' .
 HOW IN THE WORLD DID CARLOS MORE AND MORE TURN INTO A BACKUP GUITARIST ? LAST TIME I CHECKED HE WAS THE LEAD GUITARIST OF THE BAND , WAS N'T HE ? IN THIS ENTIRE ALBUM THERE IS ABOUT 19 % SANTANA AND 81 % RAPPERS AND POP SINGERS . HOW DOES SOMEONE WITH THAT MUCH TALENT RELEASE A CD WITH ABOUT 4 SONGS THAT ARE ACTUALLY HIS . THE REST ARE SOMEONE ELSES SONGS THAT HE JUST REUSES THE SAME OLD GUITAR FILLS IVE BEEN HEARING FOR THE PAST THREE CDS . I 'M A GUITARIST , AND I KNOW THAT CRAP HE PLAYED IN THE BACKROUND OF `` HIS '' CD WAS ABOUT AS UNCREATIVE AS IT GETS . I MEAN NO DISRESPECT TO CARLOS , GIVEN I GREW UP PLAYING AND LISTENING TO HIS MUSIC , WHICH IS WHY I AM SO UPSET WITH ALL THAT I AM BECAUSE I KNOW HE IS SO MUCH BETTER!IVE HEARD ALL OF SANTANAS OTHER STUFF WHICH IS SO MUCH BETTER AND I 'M NOT SAYING THAT BECAUSE I 'M OLD , I 'M ONLY 20 . I EVEN LIKED SUPERNATURAL AND SHAMAN , BUT THIS NEW ALBUM IS JUST HORRIBLE . IF I WANT TO LISTEN TO MARY J BLIGE OR SEAN PAUL , AND I SURE AS HELL DONT , I WILL BUY THERE CDS . I JUST WONT TELL ANYONE THAT I DID.NOW I 'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS NEW ALBUM FOR ABOUT ALMOST AN ENTIRE YEAR , SERIOUSLY . I CA N'T EVEN EXPLAIN HOW DISSAPOINTED I WAS WHEN I FINALLY MADE IT THROUGH THIS POP AND RAP CD . TAKE IT FROM ME , IF YOU ARE A SANTANA FAN DO NOT BUY THIS CD . I 'M SORRY BUT I HOPE THE NEXT SANTANA CD FEATURES THE SANTANA BAND , CAUSE THIS TIME I THOUGHT IT WAS SANTANA LIKE THE COVER SAID . TURNS OUT IT WAS A POP CD .
 If I wanted to hear all these guest stars , I 'd buy their stuff . PLEASE make pure Santana music again . Sure , there are a few good songs , but this format is way overdue for the hook . Carlos , if you really are an artist and have enough of a fortune , make music memories that will stand the test of time ... like you used to do .
 I 've been listening to Carlos for a long , long time . I 've got plenty of wondrous selections to choose from over a 35 year span ... This disc is actually quite boring . BORING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! `` Supernatural '' was moderately interesting . `` OK '' , Carlos , you 've done that , ... and done it again ... and , now , THIS !!! Please , I 'm begging ... play some `` Santana '' ... or , retire , and leave me with my memories and my collection . This adds nothing .
 How many times can you endure one of the guest rappers shouting out Carlos Santana is in the room or in the house ? More appropriately I think Carlos has left the building when it comes to this recording.All That I Am repeats too much of the formula with Supernatural and Shaman . Supernatural was a classic recording as it adeptly merged Santana 's afro-cuban rock roots with the modern touches of several hip hop artists . More importantly most of those songs had well defined hooks . Shaman duplicated some of the efforts from Supernatural but at least broke some new ground with songs like Sideways and the number with Julio Iglesias.All That I Am adds no new flavorings . The songs are mostly forgettable . I Am Somebody has a nice beat and Just Feel Better is fairly memorable . Hermes has a pretty good keyboard passage and Twisted and Brown Skin Girl have their moments too . However , after that the magic started with Supernatural seems to have disappeared . Pass on this one .
 Getting away from the whole spyware issue , this is a depressingly weak Santana album.It plays like a Santana tribute album more than anything else.The album begins with promise , as he leads off with two Latin rock tracks sounding like definitive Santana.Then , all the songs `` featuring '' somebody come on , and it 's as if he only shows up to add a little guitar lick here and there.There will also be the requisite guitar solo somewhere in the last minute of the song.Michelle Branch 's song is an abysmal sequel to `` The Game of Love '' from `` Shaman '' ; it makes THAT song sound as good as `` Smooth '' , which it is not . The hip-hop/rap interjections over the next tracks are forced , disruptive ... it 's clearly an attempt to connect with `` modern '' audiences , and it fails miserably.I will say that Anthony Hamilton contributes some terrific vocals on `` Twisted '' , probably the best track on the album that has to `` feature '' somebody.The album ends wonderfully with the celebratory `` Da Tu Amor '' ... a record filled with this sort of energy , melody and rhythm would have to be considered one of the albums of the year.This one will simply end up as one of the bigger disappointments , in a year filled with them .
 What can I say about this album of the great Carlos Santana ? Sorry Carlos , but ... I will say ... ugh !!!!!!!! please ... Come back to play with his band !!
 I had high hopes for this cd , but unfortunitely it was a huge disappointment . My main complaint , is that all the songs basicly sound the same . they have One Hit Wonder written all over them .
 I do not like this cd . It has dirty lyrics . And do n't let the radio people fool you into thinking that there are no swear words in `` Absolutely -LRB- Story of a Girl -RRB- , '' because they just change some of the wording . I 'm here to warn you to think about what you 're buying ! Same thing for the video . I really liked this band ... until I read their lyrics . I liked `` So Far Away '' and `` Revolve , '' but all the rest of the songs were either okay , nothing I really thought of as very special , or something I just HATED . Out of all the people who have reviewed this cd so far , I 've only agreed with 3 of them , and I 've also partially agreed with 3 others . The lowest rating you can give a cd here is 1 star . Because of those 2 songs I give it a star and a half ...
 Well , I bought this CD because I liked the Absolutely track and because a number of people reviewed the CD and said this was not the best track on the CD . Well - it is the best . The vocals on this CD leave very much to be desired . Half the time the person singing is just enough off key to rattle your teeth as my old vocal coach used to say . Definitely NOT worth the money . I will never buy a CD from these guys again - everything sounds the same . I do not recommend this CD at all .
 A girl I momentarily had some affection for recommended I purchase this album . She was especially fond of the song `` Absolutely -LRB- Story of a Girl -RRB- '' . Suffice to say that both of us had poor taste . -LRB- But , in the morning , I can throw the CD away ... -RRB-
 if you 're considering buying this album i 'd say you 'd probably enjoy it , but if you have any respect for yourself and the people around you please forget it and buy something less terrible .
 this cd is bad . i really didnt and dont enjoy this CD . If I were you , Id save my money for Christmas . After I listened to this CD , I was was bummin . You will B2 .
 Hello ? What were these artists thinking when they wrote all these songs ? I 'm sorry but I would rather listen to Mandy Moore than go through the torture I went through listening to this cd . I think I will give this cd away to my worst enemy to avenge myself . The lyrics sounded as if they were written by a bunch of 2 year olds . I 'm sorry but how could a girl cry a river ? Would n't the tears stop coming after about nine days ? I wish the dj would stop playing that song all the freakin time . I have even switched radio stations to avoid hearing it ; unfortunately , I now listen to country . Please buy this cd for your worst enemy !
 The lyrics are the lamest I have heard in a while . It is way to repetitive . This is not worth the money . You would be better spending it on another cd . It only has one good song .
 What a bad album . Amazed by the the excellent `` Story of a Girl '' -LRB- Strangely abbreviated `` Absolutely '' -RRB- , I decided to check this album out . ACH ! This is garbage . There is nothing on this CD worth listening to besides the debut single . the rest of the songs are all dull , lifeless , pointless and similar . It 's a shame , too . `` Story of a Girl '' was possibly one of the best singles of last year . Better luck next time , boys .
 Too many positive reviews here make their point by saying `` Well , at least it ai n't no teeny pop or rap metal '' . That does n't mean it 's any good . The fact is , this is as a half-baked work with more in common with teen pop than `` straight ahead rock '' . I hear the `` sincerity '' , but i absolutley do n't buy it . Same ... you could get from ThirdMatchboxEve6Blind or whatever , just not as well-played or nearly as interesting . This shlock tries way too hard to be liked and ends up sounding third-rate , rather than something all it 's own . Same old chords , same insipid lyrics , hooks all over the place saying `` like me ! like me ! '' . It 's background music for people who do n't want to listen too closely . Not nearly as clever as they would like you to believe . This record will sound ridiculous in two years . Not even Vanilla .
 There are a few nice tracks on this album but it was largely a disappointing experience . It seems like most of the tracks were experiments by the artists in their own styles , styles remote from that originally intended by Porter .
 The two stars are for Rods hairI was waiting for Rod to stop pretending he was a big band singer ... now Rod has punished me again by delivering unimaginative poor carbon copy versions of great songs ... mind you , I like cover versions as long as they sound fresh . The arrangements on this disc are lazy note for note , beat for beat musical shadows of the originals . Rod sounds like he recorded these songs during a lunch break.As far as recording quality Rod is too loud in the mix ... as if he were singing to an instrumental Muzak background in a shopping center . . He 's not singing these songs ... he 's actually `` trampling '' through them as if he 's got something better to do ... he sounds bored.This scrappy release will no doubt please those who also enjoyed the quality of K-Tel re-recordings back in the day.The good news ? I have the consolation that many of my favorite artists -LRB- who wrote and performed the great versions of these songs -RRB- , will make some well deserved bucks from the licensing of their creations.The original versions of these songs were written and performed with love , care , skill , and thought.The end result of Rods `` instant '' versions is like a vandal spray painting over art that was originally done with masterful strokes and care . We can also blame Rods culprit producer Clive Davis , reknown for his ability to know a hit when he hears one ... artistic flops make a much louder sound when they happen ... why did n't Clive hear this during the preview party ? Total sellout !
 I thought maybe this could be ok with the covers CCR and Bob SegerAfter hearing this once all I can say is its not worth listening to at all . the song selection is really weak at best . For the most part the orginal songs just are n't that great to begin with and he just does n't add anything to them . The whole CD is stale and boring as the rest of Rods career has become .
 I know , I know , he sold out years ago , but I was really surprised that people were reviewing this release . People , the GREAT Rod Stewart -LRB- and he was GREAT -RRB- left the building years ago , this is another sad cash-grab . Buy some Faces , please , and listen to how fantastic they were , better than even the Stones . After that , Every Picture Tells a Story , Never a Dull Moment ; what can you say , the beginning of the end , sure , but magnifigant all the same.Rod Stewart is not the clown he appears to be on his latest recordings ; he 's an incredible singer , interpreter and thoughtful talent who , I want to believe , has yet another GREAT album in him.Buy and listen to some Faces non-believers , or Jeff Beck Group ; you 'll understand why Rod deserves his Rep.
 Where has Rod Stewart gone ? This is so bad that I could n't even finish listening to the CD . I am such a big Rod Stewart fan , but I think his glory days are over . I have had my fill of his remakes at this point . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 A long suffering and frustrated fan of Stewart , I purchased this CD on the hope it would be a return to form . Maybe I thought a `` Blues DeLuxe '' type of approach to CCR would be present or another `` You 're My Girl '' would close out the set . Maybe my hopes were raised by his last rock CD , `` When We Were the New Boys , '' which was respectable . But alas I was again disappointed.This CD is meant for Rod 's contemporary crowd , people who like Celine Dion , Clay Aiken , Brittney Spears , and Michael Bolton . These people generally avoid music of any substance , but like everyone else feel a need to indulge their rock n ' roll side -LRB- like everyone else -RRB- . Stewart takes a conservative and soft approach to these `` rock '' songs , which his current fan base will appreciate , but people who like real rock will scoff at.Stewart used to be a rarity . He could sing hard rock better than anyone , even Robert Plant and Mick Jagger , and when he was with the Faces , the sloppy blues-rock was electrifying . While this alone is enough to like Stewart , what was remarkable about him was that he could also create some great heart-felt and lyrically challenging songs almost bordering on folk . His first four solo albums , four Faces albums , and two Jeff Beck albums are a evidence of this -LRB- these 10 albums , by the way , were all recorded between 1969 and 1972 ... in just FIVE YEARS ! Additionally , the three songs that sum up Stewart 's early era can be found on one Faces CD , Long Player
 Well , Rod is back on the scene of his previous crimes . And crime pays , it seems . Who are the buyers ? A mystery to me . Once Rod had guts , soul and attitude . He was a great entertainer . But he sold his soul for those almighty bucks , and there is no end to greed , it seems . What a pitiful scene to see him fall from grace over and over again . Get the originals instead of those insipid covers . The pinnacle here is to see him cover It 's a heartache , the copy of his female soundalike . How low can you go ? Sorry Rod , I loved you before . I ca n't bear this anymore .
 This is as awful as his days in Faces were just bloody brilliant.You think Rod the Mod has turned out some bad material , but you 're not really remembering how bad some of it is . I recently heard Do Ya Think I 'm Sexy -LRB- a progenitor of misspellings in hip hop ? -RRB- and it was not only bad , it was genuinely worse than remembered . Rod 's recent dealings in the great American songbook and this stand along with it among the true horrors of rock.What a shame that this was a number one album on Chuck Berry 's 80th birthday .
 Rod , I love you , always have.I just could n't get into the American song book stuff . In fact the first of such albums when straight into my bin.To hear you were doing a `` rock '' album was news I needed to hear !!! This is not that album . Get back to me when your `` rock '' album is coming out.So do n't do this to us again ... . you 're a naughty boy , now go to your room and think about what you 've done !! You too , Mr Big Shot Clive James , I 'm sure you 're involved with this somehow .
 Clearly , Rod Stewart is one of rock 's best vocalists . Unfortunately , you 'd never know it from listening to this CD of pure drivel and sap . This is one of those excruciating projects where everything went wrong . The bad choice of material -LRB- not necessarily bad songs at all , just bad songs for Rod to sing -RRB- , lackadaisical production , and indifferent vocals from Rod all add up to one of the worst listening experiences you 'll ever endure if you decide you have to have it . The only positive purpose this CD could serve is as an interrogation tool , but it would probably violate the Geneva Convention rules against torture .
 Once upon a time , not too long ago , there was an artist who was a superb performer . Raspy voice , hair like a rooster crown , who was totally unique and could excite as much as Jagger , strutting across the stage in rock and roll glory . Now , however , the musical muse of nursing homes is beckoning him to enter her gingerbread house to burn his well earned legacy and reputation . I can see the black smoke rise from the chimney , ca n't you?I listened to this . My ears started to bleed . My doctor was extremely concerned . He said an antidote was required . 3 weeks straight of listening to Rod 's earliest recordings , pleanty of water and rest . I am just now starting to recover . He said rehab is next if I ever slip and listen to it again . Do n't worry , I wo n't . In fairness , I was sort of o.k. with Rod when he introduced the Great American Songbook . I thought , cool , he 's trying something different , thinking , wrongly , that he 'd move on to more rockers . But then , I noticed a disturbing trend when he released 2 , then 3 , and now whatever number he 's up to . Is it politcally correct to clone ? Hmmm ... . I wonder?Admittedly , it is sad when a once vital artist becomes stagnant . But , even worse when he picks cover tunes to do that lack vocal passion or commitment on his part . I think Rod should forget trying to be Bob Seger , John Fogerty , The Eagles or Cat Stevens . He is best at being Rod Stewart , he should try that for a change . The real Rod , not the phoned in one.As for this c.d. -- bland . If you want to feel like you 're in an elevator or dentist 's office for the good part of a hour , then feel free . But , for me , this is a disturbing trend . I think if this continues we should drag Rod into a Roman arena , surround him with hungry lions who have been trained to attack him UNLESS they hear `` Every Picture Tells a Story '' . What will Rod do ? Place your bets.My advice ? Proceed with caution unless you want to spend big bucks for ear surgery .
 A couple of songs were definitely made for Rod Stewart , but was disappointed in a couple of the songs . Even if you are a huge Rod Stewart fan , you may get disappointed .
 After the release of not 1 , not 2 but FOUR volumes of `` The Great American Songbook '' , Rod Stewart returns to his `` rock roots '' . But instead of doing an album of originals , Rod -LRB- once again at the urging of uber-producer/label executive Clive Davis -RRB- brings yet more covers . `` Still the Same ... Great Rock Classics of Our Time '' -LRB- 13 tracks , 46 min . -RRB- gathers an array of well known songs of the 60s and 70s . From the opener `` Have You Ever Seen the Rain '' -LRB- the CCR classic -RRB- , it becomes immediately apparent that the plan is to stick as closely as possible to the original songs . There is not a single song on this collection that is an improvement of the original , and that 's saying a whole lot . Worst among this collection is the cover of Narazeth 's hard rock ballad `` Love Hurts '' , which now becomes a sugary sounding mess . This album sounds flat and impassionate from beginning to end.I wish that Rod Stewart would simply make up and decide to make great records again . Records that ROCK . The man has a great voice , there 's no question . But with the commercial success of the `` American Songbook '' series and now this , I 'm afraid we 're stuck in the same boat for some time to come . Yes , it sells a lot of copies , but this surely belongs only in your father 's Oldsmobile , if you know what I mean .
 Rod Stewart is in a crisis . He needs an idea independent of his record label owner , Clive Davis , who is so old now , he does n't leave fingerprints , and his ideas DO NOT FIT a talent like Rod . This album has `` I 'm all washed up , so I might as well cash in '' written all over it . Four -LRB- count 'em , FOUR -RRB- volumes of the Great American Songbook -LRB- which was hard to take -RRB- , then THIS ??? This album flat out stinks . There is not a moment on this record that sounds like Rod has any grasp of these songs except `` It 'll make money '' . Stick to the originals . Rod , I may buy another of your records if you make one the old fashioned way . Write a bunch of good songs , sing them with conviction -LRB- the way you used to -RRB- , and tell Clive to take a flying leap at the moon . You 've made them enough money , now do it YOUR WAY !!!!!
 First off , I like Rod Stewart . But this piece of dreck SHOULD be called `` The tape is full , when do I get paid ? '' . It 's fun sometimes to hear a performer at a concert jump into an inspired cover . This is neither inspired , nor at a concert . It 's a whole CD of , `` well I need some money and I am too lazy to even add something to a cover song , let alone actually come up with something new . '' Bad enough it 's all covers , his performance is lifeless , lethargic , and apathetic . Certainly , if I wanted to hear any of these songs , I would reach for the original first . This collection is unnecessary .
 I did n't think Rod could stoop lower to make a buck than his mangling of the Great American Songbook , but guess what ? He did ! He should perform these songs on kareoke night at a local bar . I realize he looks at his bank account and could care less but his credability account is empty . What 's next ? Will Rod join The Wiggles or release `` Barnery 's Best '' to tap into the kids market . How about a duet with Hannah Montana ? I will now listen to my classic Rod CD 's and cry .
 Why on Earth , given the hundreds of songs Rod could record from this era ... did he choose certain songs that he can not possibly enhance ? `` Love Hurts ? '' So do my ears after hearing Rod soil a perfect Nazareth song . `` Everything I Own ? '' By Bread ? Rod , could you not gain access to the Partridge Family catalog ? `` If Not For You ? '' Rod , Olivia Newton-John did a better interpretation of Dylan ... 35 years ago ! `` Still The Same ? '' What a sad , fitting title for this collection.The sad part is , thousands of sheeple are buying this dreck , giving Rod a license to steal yet again.I gave it 2 stars . There are two songs that are n't that bad . The first single , `` Have You Ever Seen the Rain , '' is a note-for-note remake of a CCR song that ca n't be topped , but Rod 's version is safe and listenable ... perfect for today 's AC radio.And the Eagles ' `` Best of My Love , '' which like most songs on this collection , is way overplayed already , is a good arrangement.The rest is either awful , or background noise . Rod should be embarassed . But of course he is n't .
 I can only assume , after suffering through this CD , that it must be Rod 's attempt at a comedy album . He simply ca n't be serious . First , whoever was in charge of song selection should be `` drawn and quartered '' . These are rock classics but simply not worthy of Rod 's interpretations . Yes , they were commercial successes in their day but most of them have not aged well.There are a few exceptions , e.g. the tunes penned by Bob Seager , Bob Dylan , etc , but Rod 's delivery of this material must be driving the composers `` up the wall '' . The band , if there actually was one , sounds as if they 're working with the same arrangement -LRB- with minor modifications -RRB- for each tune . Finally , Rod 's singing is completely uninspired . I do n't think he left home for this one , just `` phoned it in '' . It 's truly sad to see a legendary performer fall to this depth.I do n't understand it , he 's made a zillion dollars on the endless American songbook Cds . You 'd think he 'd be up for some artistic challenges.What makes it even more a tragedy is when you compare this CD to what his contemporaries such as Dylan , The Who , etc , are doing these days.What could be possibly next ? Rod singing Mitch Miller 's greatest hits ? One can only hope that the rumours of a one time Faces abbreviated tour and possible CD will come true.I 'm convinced that project will recharge Rod 's creative battery . Until then , I suggest the only use for this CD is to be played endlessly at GITMO to gain needed confessions from potential terrorist detainees . Although , on second thought , the use of this CD may violate the Geneva conventions !!
 There are very few times in my life where I have been speechless , but a listen to this pile of filth left me without the proper words to describe the horror . I 've been seeing this girl for a couple months she decided to bust out the Rod Stewart at her place last night . When she said Rod Stewart , I 'm thinking `` Young Turks '' or `` Infatuation '' , but what she put on the cd player has scarred my ears forever . She had these CDs called the great american songbook where Rod sings horrible songs that go beyond cheesy . Realizing I did n't like these songs by the look on my face and the fact I was covering my ears she decided to put this disc on . She told me that these were rock songs and I would like it . Needless to say as of last night we are no longer dating . I could not see myself spending another minute with someone that believed this garbage was music . She was hot , but it 's not like I ca n't find another hot girl that appreciates music.What in the name of Tesh has happened to Rod Stewart ? When I was growing up he was known as a rock singer . His hair looked mildly retarded , but for goodness sakes he was married to Rachel Hunter and made a hot daughter . The last two decades have been an exercise in how not to keep any credibility . It 's almost as if his manager told him that he could be the next Clay Aiken or Michael Bubble as a joke , but Rod thought it was a good idea . With several volumes of crap now on the market , it seems Rod is going to keep the poop machine running .
 Here 's a better album title for this dreck
 2 disc , whats on the second disc.No listing of songs!Bought one before an only came with one disc , ` Spirit of the 60 's ` Sign 'd Not Again .
 What a shame . First Rod had to molest and degrade the book of American Standards , now he 's after some of Rock 's classic tunes . Though he is more suited to these , it is still a disgusting display of dried-up creativity . I really enjoyed his original music , and still do . However , since he is not technically an accomplished singer , far from it as a matter of fact , and gets by on his personality as an entertainer , he should never have attempted the standards and should go write some new material . I have read some of the reviews praising this effort , and I 'm sure lots of people will like it ... lot 's of people like the food at MacDonalds also ... enough said.If you want to hear a real singer sing standards try listening to Johnny Hartman , Mark Murphy , Nancy Wilson , Etta James , Barbara Streisand , Ella Fitzgerald and a host of singers whose command of their instrument comes from years of dedication and training and of course rare talent . Not the thin raspy soul-less version with dumbed-down arrangements Stewart put out for the money .
 Read through all these reviews . Mine ? Still the Same.I looked forward to the release of this CD.I love the tunes , Rod has great pipes . Curious where they were when this was recorded.The music is flat , and unimaginative , a sad butchering of some classic rock.Love Hurts is pure pain to hear.The whole thing has that lounge lizard feel.What a waste.As an aside to whoever mixed this ; All those little switches , toggles and knobby things on that great huge board in front of you are meant to be adjusted throughout each and every song to enhance listening . Unless having Rod Stewart appear to absent mindedly hum through these songs was your goal . In which case I apologize .
 There is just no reason to make this album . Boring versions of great songs . A whopping 13 tracks ! What is this CD like 30 minutes long ? Even my mom will find you boring now
 Rod - Stop ... Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please stop.Please ...
 NOTE TO CLIVE and ARNIE
 If it were n't for the cover photo and Stewart 's name on the CD cover , `` Still the Same ... Great Rock Classics of Our Time '' could pass for a Ronco collection of oldies as performed by sound-alike artists . The title alone is enough to suggest a cheap , lazy and monetary-based package . The content does nothing to alleviate this impression , either . I could say that this is the last straw , but Stewart established his artistic indifference decades ago , sometime around `` Do Ya Think I 'm Sexy . '' The truth nowadays is that Rod Stewart is to popular music what the interstate is to a road trip ; bland , predictable , overly familiar and safer than the road less taken . Here is a guy who once fronted one of the best rock and roll bands of all time -LRB- Faces -RRB- , and released gloriously eclectic and challenging solo albums . Sometime around 1974 , though , the muse left him , or maybe the creativity of Ronnie Lane and Ronnie Wood are what left . Once his affiliation with that band became history , so did Stewart 's sense of artistry . Ever since , he has been shilling second-rate material to an audience that demands virtually nothing from him . As a consequence , that is more or less exactly what he has offered in return . The less demanding his material , the more that some people seem to love it.It 's a formula that works great for the man , and I do n't want to begrudge him any of his fame or fortune . McDonalds sells a lot of hamburgers , Budweiser sells a lot of beer , and Rod Stewart sells a lot of records . All of them manage to do this by extracting ` flavor ' from the ingredients list and avoiding anything else that could make their product distinctive . If you think that Stewart 's collections featuring songs from the great American songbook were brilliant , then of course you will enjoy an album where he carbon copies rock artists who once may have been copying him . At least Sam Cooke preceded Stewart and could provide genuine inspiration , but Bonnie frikkin ' Tyler 's `` It 's a Heartache ? '' It 's more like a travesty . If you feel compelled to defend this collection , then please tell me what Stewart adds to John Fogerty , Bob Seger , and Elvin Bishop 's material ? Is there one good reason on God 's green earth why you would prefer Stewart 's connect-the-dots cover of `` Day After Day '' over Badfinger 's beautiful original version ? He sounds like a bad jukebox in a biker bar . I am telling you that this record sucks , but you probably think I 'm being elitist , so go ahead . Next time you 're buying Cheerios at K-Mart , pick up a copy . If the CD does n't offend you , then you can get in queue to hear Stewart as he sings the phone book , too , but I for one will not be standing in that line . D Tom Ryan
 ... not a musician . What I see in the negative reviews is a desire for Rod the Musician to return to old form . What I detect in the positive reviews is an enjoyment of Rod as an entertainer . Some people value musical chops and creativity - others simply want to be nostalgic and entertained . Rod converted long ago from musician to Vegas entertainer.If you want a taste of some old rockers who remain creative musicians , sample Robert Plant 's or Neil Young 's latest . Do n't waste your time on Rod or this kitsch .
 Rod Stewart is so much better than this . It is a shame that he wasted precious production time on this when he could have used it for oh so much better . Actually , after listening to it , I must ask , just how much time did he waste on it ? It does n't sound like much time was spent on it at all . If you are one of the many bandwagon Stewart fans who likes his ` Great American Songbook ' collection , then you will probably like this as well . If you are the old school Stewart fan , such as myself , then this will be a major disapoinment . In listening to the afore mentioned ` G.A.S.B ' collection , I came away with the feeling that some of those songs just should NOT be covered by anyone , EVER . They are true classics and just lose their luster when covered , even by a master such as Stewart . And after listening to this latest set , I KNOW that most of these songs should NEVER be covered by anyone , EVER . The one song that stands out as such is ` HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE RAIN ' , originally done by , arguably , one of the greatest American rock bands of all time , ` Creedence Clearwater Revival ' . This song is not only a classic , inspirational , influential rock song , but one of the greatest songs ever recorded in the history of popular music , period . It just will never have the same power and strength without ` John Fogerty 's ' one of a kind , gritty , powerful vocals . Rod , I love ya and your old stuff , but the last few releases have been a major let down . Please come back with some originals of your own with that classic swagger we have all come to cherish . Retro is in , and we would love to hear it from you !
 I was really excited to hear that Rod Stewart was returning to Rock with his new release , and equally excited about many of the songs he decided to cover for this collection . Then I heard the album , and boy was I disappointed!Rod literally adds nothing new to these tracks , many of which are among the greatest rock tracks ever written . At times , his interpretations sound nothing more than bad karoke.The main problem ? The arrangements - many tracks sound as if they were played by a local cover band and not directed by a seasoned producer . Rod 's vocals are too much in the front of the mix , adding to the karoke sound , and never once is there a gruff element where you actually feel he is feeling these songs . Rod is also too constricted by the arrangements , particularly on Cat Steven 's `` Father & Son , '' where he sings every line in beat with the music ; it 's a lyric which demands feeling and interpretation , but Rod sings it as if he 's going thru the motions . No voice crack , no heartbreak - just Rod singing as if he 's just got to get thru the song.Even worse is the Bread -LRB- also covered by Olivia Newton-John and Boy George -RRB- classic `` Everything I Own '' - what the hell is he singing ? `` Kept me wahm ? '' The word , Rod , is WARM ! It is so annoying that the rest of this classic gets lost . And do n't even mention how he massacres Bob Dylan 's `` If Not for You '' -LRB- made famous by George Harrison on `` All Things Must Pass '' and as the first hit single by Olivia Newton-John -RRB- , changing the lyrics and getting lost in the repetitve ending.It 's really sad when `` It 's a Heartache '' only brings memories of Bonnie Tyler 's original , and she was only trying to copy the Rod Stewart sound of that time . Rod could have easily sang the hell out of it , but , instead , his interpretation is pedestrian at best.Overall , Rod really needs to reflect on what has made him a star . He 's a great singer when the arrangements ROCK , and he 's a fantastic songwriter in his own right . This was a missed opprotunity on all accounts , and definitely NOT the hyped `` landmark return '' as Clive Davis is promoting it .
 I have been a Rod Stewart fan for 30 years now but I am sorry to say this is worst piece of drival that he has ever released . Dreadfull covers of `` Rock Classics '' that quite honestly were not even very good when done by the original artist in most cases . Rod adds zero to them and it sounds like he is singing to a Karoke backing track.This is the kind of stuff you expect to be advertised on TV . It is simply awfull and an emberessment that one of the great rock singers of our time has fallen so low as to have to put this out !
 Gosh darn , I was really looking forward to this CD , glad to see that the singer was getting back to roots & away from the total blah of the previous Frank Sinatra style disaster . However , I should have inspected the traks more carefully before ordering this CD . Anyway , I listened to it once & probably wo n't again . It 's not a total waste , but geeze it 's dull .
 Come on Rod , bow out gracefully buy another cricket team or something just quit making embarassing albums like this . This and the awful dribble of the four , yes four volumes of the ` Not So Great American Songbooks ' are a pale reflection of rocks most powerful and distinctive voice . Sure this has it 's merit to little old ladies in antique malls who loved him 35 years ago but could n't stomach Tony Bennett , so Rod became their Tony Bennett !!! Boy these record companies know how to market now do n't they ! Do n't let them take you for a sucker , grab some classic Rod and spend your ears with it , not this .
 Boring CD and does n't derserve your money . I think even my mother will finding this CD boring -LRB- she is 65 -RRB- . Rod you should retire and do something more useful . This CD is TERRIBLE ...
 Rod Stewart USED TO BE one of the greatest Rock singers . HE 'S NO MORE !!! What 's the purpose of issuing this album with such a bunch of BAD covers of Rock classics , which are so good and so brilliant in their original versions ? Sorry Mr. Stewart ... If this `` Still The Same ... '' is what you 're planning to do in the future as a singer ... You 're almost out of the Music business ! Period !
 Oh , Rod , Rod , whatever happened to that throaty , rockin ' passion you used to lavish on much of your music ? Hey , babe , I 'm older 'n you , but I 've still got it ! The problem with this CD is that some sound engineer or orchestrator set the metronome at this slow , drousy tempo -- and left the darn thing on the same speed for the entire CD ! You 're a musician -- did n't you notice ? In ancient times I think they called it `` Gregorian Chant . '' I bought this CD because some of my favorite old songs were on it en masse , so I thought , wow , that 's cool , but you sing them like they were all Fifties ballads . I can understand why `` I 'll Stand By You '' is a dirge , but why in heck would you not stomp the floor with `` Still the Same '' and `` It 's a Heartache '' ? I gave you two stars , one for the memories and one for the pity .
 Rod Stewart should never have stopped writing his own songs , too many of his albums feature hit 's from earlier releases and I for one want more original material written and performed by him because at 62 time is a factor.I bought it on my way into his live concert at the t-shirt concession to play on the ride home.BIG MISTAKE , is this guy in a cover band all of a sudden ?????? . Face it Rod Stewart has been doing cover songs for the last few years and quite well at breathing life into a generation of songs only Christine Aguilera has ventured into , and she used them as inspiration for ORIGINALS rather than more needless covers and she really showed her talent was up to the task.Playing this CD on the ride home was dreadful muck , either he is obligated to complete a record contract or is lazy.The talent is there just give us some fresh material instead of this recycled rubbish.At least Cat Stevens is making well deserved cash from this CD I spent $ 15 and nearly chucked out the window of my Porsche.I 'll pawn it off online.I WANT FRESH MUSIC FROM ROD STEWART , HE CAN EITHER GET OFF HIS DUFF AND SING OR JUST RETIRE !! . I think the highest point of the night was seeing a older rock star wearing a tacky bit of costume jewelry that the Americans would think was his MBE which is odd considering he renounced his Scottish Citizenship to avoid the taxes , my Grandfathers George Medal is higher on the royal pecking order.Maybe Rod has neglected to check the DOB on his drivers license and should be reminded before he starts with elevator music next , pity to waste talent such as his was.Another aging Lothario who ca n't bow out gracefully without fleecing us with another CD full of covers after the American Songs that were also covers , Still the Same was just plain rubbish fobbed off on an unsuspecting public.I wish I had read the reviews here on Amazon first and saved myself $ 15 that could have been sent to the rebuilding of New Orleans where new music continues to be born and thrive even after Katrina nearly killed it.Ironically the CD was purchased the day the music died -LRB- anniversary of Buddy Holly 's plane crash which took several of musics brightest young stars -RRB- .
 Fresh from his 4 American Songbook series , he returns with what is the beginning of another series ??? In this case , we hope not . Everyone has their own interpretation of what a classic tune is but in this case -LRB- at least as far as I 'm concerned -RRB- few of these qualify . On the upside , he kicks off with ` Have You Ever Seen The Rain ' -LRB- A CCR Song -RRB- which suits his gravelly voice as does ` It 's A Heartbreak ' -LRB- A Bonnie Tyler origional -RRB- . He does a reasonable job on the Cat Steven 's ` Father & Son ' . As for the rest , some of these ` classics ' I 've never heard before . Maybe he should have stuck with American Songbook tunes .
 rod stewart -- singer/songwriter of many great songs as a member of the faces and as a solo artist -- has been kidnapped and a sellout stand in is using his name for profit . do n't be fooled . the real rod stewart would n't continue to release this cheese.buy the faces , every picture or never a dull moment . you 'll find many a dull moment with this tripe .
 Remember the last time you had a delightful evening of bad draft beer followed by a three-burrito nightcap ? The next morning -LRB- into the afternoon -RRB- the smell of your inevitable gas was nothing shy of punishing ! As much as you might not want to offend , the `` better out than in '' theory wins out and close friends and family suffer for it.Obviously , Rod is letting that old familure `` better out than in '' theory win out at this late stage of his career . For the fourth time in as many releases , we get a collection of ghastly covers . Maybe not room-clearing stench , but certainly room-clearing noise ! What a shame that someone who mattered as much as Stewart from the mid-60 's to the mid-80 's could be reduced to this . What really infuriates me , however , is the fact that it did not need to come to this for Rod . The entire rock community -LRB- especially our heroes of the ` 60 's and 70 's -RRB- loves him . In the matter of days , he could get a bunch of Cracker Jack collaborators together and create something new and possibly even quite good.Come on Rod , it 's time to actually matter again . And you 're never going to matter by sending people running from rooms !
 He used to be good and i mean during his Faces and early solo time so you ca n't call me a Rod Hater because i was a fan when Rod had guts , passion , and a deeply soulful rock n ' roll heart.Now if you listen to this lifeless unimaginative , lame , and by the numbers for the most part interpretations of these already overplayed on the radio overkill classics then you 'll agree with me that Rod has lost his heart and he 's just doing it like it 's your basic 9 to 5 . You can be a fan but not a blind fan and accept anything an artist gives you as somehing good even if it 's way below the high standards he established in such classics as `` Never a Dull Moment '' or the Faces `` A nod is as good as a wink '' . So waste your money here on this pile of poop or spend your money on artists like Neil Young that still have those creative juices flowing and have never sold out to whatever fad that might be happening at the time.Rod is all POOPED out and he 's got enough dough already so put your money some where more deserving .
 Rod Stewart 's `` Still the Same ... Great Rock Classics Of Our Time '' has finally arrived just in time for the holidaze . But wait , what 's with the title ... still the same as what ? As the great American Songbook crooner or the elderly rocker who thinks it ` s about time to `` rock 'n' roll '' again ? And why do the `` great '' rock classics of our time , all over again . Just once I 'd love to hear an artist do the unknown song , the b-side , the forgotten outtake , the tune that might be improved upon , but nope . My wife even thinks this collection is pretty poor and she likes Rod Stewart . It 's one thing to tackle the thirties and forties material , but not the worn out rock and `` pop '' staples . I found it to be another sign that rock music is not growing old gracefully . The only 60 's artists that are still vital appear to be Neil Young , Paul McCartney , Bob Dylan and the lone rock band , Deep Purple of all things . As one critic wrote
 i 'm glad i borrowed this before spending my money . i thought this was going to be like the MTV unplugged cd . nope ! just one example
 ' ... !? ' my exact exclaimation when i saw that rod stewart was doing an new album of covers . heck roddy , all those tunes were done when YOU had hits ... big hits man!why bother rod ? did clive davis eke you to do this?rod my friend what about you own albums - arent you not remastering the rest of them?what about ` foolish behaviour ' , ` out of control ' , ` infatuation ' and you best ` greatest hit comp . the one with the pink outfit?i guarantee you will sell more units that this sorry state of a rehash ` karaoke ' disc ...
 Rod Stewart is by far one of the best rock male vocalists in my book . However , re-doing these `` classics '' just does n't gel with me . For some reason , they all sound alike with hardly any variation . If I had to pick one good track , it would have to be `` If Not For You '' , originally done by George Harrison -LRB- speaking of which , check out Olivia Newton John 's remake of this song-much better than Rod 's -RRB- . Perhaps Rod should have tried some original rock tunes instead -LRB- but then they would n't be classics , now right ? -RRB- . I love all of these songs performed by the original artists . I think Rod could have done these songs justice ... he has a great voice to pull it off , but the arrangements are stale in my opinion . I almost pre-purchased the CD , but glad I waited until after hearing the samples . I will not be buying this one ... sorry !
 So Rod Stewart is `` returning to rock , '' eh ? That , ah , `` selection '' he picked out to `` perform '' is only marginally above `` acts '' like `` The Little River Band , '' `` The Starland Vocal Band , '' or Leo Sayer . Guess those mighty vocal cords just gave up while he was pimping himself out , `` doing '' slimy `` rat pack '' material . But , hey ... he 's past 60 , now , I guess we ca n't expect him to really Rock and Roll anymore ...
 This cd is just a mess . This is money making corporate rock at it 's worst . A real take the money and run phone in job . Sadly Rod has become a real sell-out . Making it worse is his voice . He should have it looked at by a throat specialist and I am not kidding . Will my fellow reviewers PLEASE avoid adding career statistics to their posts and review the cd at hand . Review THIS cd .
 I had high hopes for this disc - after the American Songbook debacles , which gave Rod the chance to sing songs he had no business singing to talk show audiences around the coutnry , I thought GREAT ! The scottish rooster is going to get down by singing rock classics of OUR TIME ! COOL ! Just look at the titles - If Not For You , off of All Things Must Pass is 36 frickin ' years old !!! These are old songs , sung by an old guy , for an old audience . They sound old . Rod sounds old . This is an act of marketing desperation . What comes next ? Rod Stewart sings the Rogers & Hammerstein songbook ??? Do n't buy this disc - buy the Rhino Faces box set instead and hear 70s music sung by Rod at his peak . ` xcuse me while I kiss my metamusil .
 The production on this is flat making every song sound the same , get the original songs and make a compilation it will be far superior.P.S my mother inlaw likes it so that about says it all really , muisc for older mums .
 One can only wonder how someone with so little talent could sell so many records for so many years ! First of all , the title itself is ludicrous , given that `` Rock Classic '' itself is practically an oxymoron . If listening to a craggy voice singing mediocre tunes is anyone 's idea of a good time , then this is a top competitor , given thousands of other such drek out there ! Like many other aging rockers , this performer has made a feeble attempt to sing the real `` American Classics '' Songbooks , but that was even worse ! However , 2 Stars for still recording , and for lassoing all those fans out there to line his pocket , and the pockets of everyone involved in this drivel ! That is a major achievement !
 When I heard Rod was returning to Rock I was anxious to hear his new material . First off this is n't new and for the most part it is n't even rock . The album is full of tired old remakes that barely showcase the wonderful voice Rod has . He is capable of so much more . The songs are mostly ballads and love songs . To title this cd `` classic rock songs '' is wrong and very misleading . If you need a shot of good classic rock get the new Bob Seger cd `` Face The Promise '' . It 's a much more worthy purchase .
 Ok , he 's done some good covers in the past , but he 's phoning it in from the side of the pool this time to add to his retirement nest egg . It 's not too late to start over Rod and do something else if you 're not busy counting your retirement fund money . I hope this is n't another series of albums . Maybe a nice Lawrece Welk themed CD would work better . Blecch .
 When I first heard about the album , I thought , `` FINALLY . Maybe we can all put this `` Rod-Sings-The-Songbooks-Way-Worse-Than-Even-Linda-Ronstadt '' thing behind us . Give us all electro-shock therapy and simply erase the memory altogether . Eternal Sunshine of the Rod-less Mind . I could just see it - Rod goes back and records one or two of the songs he and the Faces did live but never put on an album , records an studio session outtake that never made it onto a Jeff Beck album , throws in one or two of the Rockabilly classics that once made him authentic -LRB- not to mention famous -RRB- , does an homage or two to Blues greats like Lightning Hopkins and Bukka White , pulls people like Lucinda Williams and Dan Auerbach -LRB- Black Keys lead vocalist -RRB- onboard for harmony vocals and the world , having no recollection of the flatulence he expelled throughout the 90s , or the nadir of his songbooks recordings , will once again hail him as Rod the Mod , the mop-top former gravedigger-turned-folk-balladeer , the rowdy , sexy , self-effacing waif with the gravel pipes who made boisterous rock out of pre-Elvis neato Sam Cooke tunes.Then I read the song list , which , by the way , could n't be found anywhere until days before the album was to be released , the result of what I can only assume must be shame on the part of the album 's promoters - and who WOULD N'T be embarrassed by it ? `` Hey , what 's Rod going to sing on his return-to-classic-form ? Maybe ` Little Red Rooster ' ? No ? Well , hey , I heard he discovered ` Change The Locks ' on Lucinda 's live Fillmore album and was going to do it - AND bring Lucinda on to do harmony vocals ! ... No ? ... oh , so TELL me , what 's ON the new album ? '' `` Well , folks , remember how everyone said that Bonnie Tyler sounded just like Rod Stewart when her first big single ` It 's a Heartache ' came out ? Well ... hang on to your hats ... . Rod Stewart is going to DO A COVER TUNE OF THAT VERY SAME RECORDING ! Is n't that fabulous ??!! Hello?I said , ` Is n't that fabulous ? ` um ... . hello?anybody ? ''
 As someone else wrote in review , Rod sounds like he 's singing to a karaoke track . The backing instrumental tracks in most cases , especially Have You Ever Seen The Rain sound like they were created by turning a tape recorder on and copying directly from the original song . Boring . Also on Day After Day , Rod 's drummer uses identical fills at the identical spots Badfinger 's drummer 's played his . The album is very uninspired . However , it was clever of him to record It 's A Heartache because most people compared Bonnie Tyler to Stewart when she released that tune yrs ago . This is the 1st Rod album I 've bought since Sing It Again Rod and this is not even close to the quality of that release . As most people said , Rod has enough money . If he wo n't write or perform any new original material anymore , he should think about packing it in . He 's had a nice run .
 Rod needs to take a listen to the Faces `` A Nod is as good as a wink '' or his own `` Gasoline Alley '' to remind him that he once had deep authentic soul and heartfelt grit and he was once a hard core rock n ' roller.The money , success , cars , mansions , top 20 Disco hits , and the exploitation of big band which never suited his artistic abilties to begin with have crushed his rock n ' roll heart.This album here is Rod does rock ala bad Vegas style meaning there 's routine by the numbers uninspired spineless rock n ' roll bull.Do the right thing and buy Faces `` A nod is as good as a wink '' to hear Rod when he was `` Rod the MOD '' and skip this platter of SELL OUT.CHEERS!STRATCAT -LRB- O.F. -RRB-
 So sad that a once great artist has sunk to recording Karaoke albums with a band that sounds like it was picked up Republican fund-raiser barbecue . I was once a huge Rod fan -LRB- unfortunately pre-Atlantic Crossing -RRB- . I know he can do better - if you want to hear the evidence go listen to Sweet Little Rock and Roller off of `` Smiler '' . Rod here is what you do - get on a plane , come back to England bring along Rick Rubin and get Ron Wood out of rehab , lock yourself away for a year and produce something to regain your reputation and respect .
 ` Every Picture Tells A Story ' is as perfect an album as you could come by . But in his senior citizen years , Stewart has prostituted himself with bastardized versions of standards via those mega-selling , artistically execrable ` Songbook ' series - musical abominations for sure . He 's long lost his classic-era voice , but I had hoped that this new collection would rouse his long-lost aesthetic . His Muse , once upon a time , was about the Music - he 's long sold his soul for gold -LSB- and platinum -RSB- . But the biggest fallacy is the title of the collection
 From `` Every Picture Tells a Story '' to the `` Great American Songbook '' series , a Rod Stewart album has been an automatic purchase for me . Through the inevitable ups and downs , I still have enjoyed each album ... until this latest effort . It sounds strained , sleepy , and lifeless . The song selection is very poor , and certainly does not deserve the label of ` rock classics ' . In the past , even with mediocre material , Rod 's energy could make each song come alive . He has n't -LRB- or he ca n't -RRB- with this material on this album . The songs sound more like hymns or lullabies ; certainly something that I would never accuse Rod of in the past . Wait for his next album . Rod Stewart is capable of much more .
 after all the heart-tugging lyricsm from the O L D ep releases , not to mention FAR , and the awesome but short-lived N E O project ... this ??? What a disappointment.Mediocrity and cheese at it 's finest . I would like to believe Jonah is ` better than this ' . If this is honesty , Jonah , I 'd rather you fake it .
 First of all , I 'm a big fan of Jonah and especially of Far . After purchasing all of the Onelinedrawing E.P.s and absolutely loving them , I had high hopes for the first full-length release . While there are some really great songs on here , such as `` Yr Letter '' and `` Um ... '' , there is something tedious about listening to the album as a whole . Some of the songs are just sub-par . Although I know very little about the making of this album , I get the impression that on some level maybe Jonah was a bit intimidated by the task of filling up a full-length OLD CD -LRB- understandable considering the emotion involved -RRB- . It sounds like he took the first batch of songs to come into his head and committed to them regardless of whether or not they were up to the standards of his previous work . If this is somewhat true , then there was little or no filter to sift the weaker songs from the great ones . The end result sounds like a fantastic E.P. padded songs not cut out for an official release.In short , good listening for the hardcore Jonah fans but not recommended as an introduction to OLD .
 The company fixed the CD and sounds great now ! Great company to work with . Very responsive . Would definitely buy from them again!Would definitely give them 5 stars but Amazons review editing system wo n't let me change my rating !
 If someone had told me 10 years ago that Girls Against Boys would still be playing today such minor-league Manhattan clubs as the Mercury Lounge and Brownies , I would have called them crazy . I was sure these guys were going to make it big . But I 've grown up , and most things around me have changed . Except , apparently , GVSB . Now when I listen to some of my old GVSB recordings , my adolescent bad taste embarrasses me . Yet here we have another GSVB CD , one that sounds exactly like the stuff they put out way back when , just as monotonous and just as adolescent . Maybe the fact that their music has n't evolved has a lot to do with the fact they went nowhere and that their one mainstream recording a few years ago flopped so badly . Only singer Scott McCloud sounds like he has any energy left . The rest of the group just seems to be going though the motions . This CD is a complete fiasco . Sadly , it seems , these `` Boys '' are never going to be Men .
 And sometimes you ca n't hear what is n't there . Namely , songs .
 An old friend of mine gave this to me for my birthday last June because she and I used to listen to Soulside and Girls Against Boys way back when , when we were living in Philadelphia together in our early to mid - '20s . I put off listening to it until recently , because so many of my favorite groups from back then have proved disappointing when I 've re-listened to them . Unfortunately , the same holds true for GVSB . Now I realize that what I used to like about this group was not the fact that they were very talented -LRB- they were n't -RRB- or original -LRB- again , not -RRB- , but instead that they were ... CUTE ! Although it 's embarrassing to admit that I was ever this superficial , I suspect that 's exactly what attracted a lot of other women -LRB- as well as a few gay men -RRB- to them . After listening to this CD -LRB- and to some of their early efforts -RRB- , I see that GVSB is not and has never been particularly good ; instead , when they were younger , they were the '90s alt-rock equivalent of some pretty-boy band like Backstreet Boys or 'N Sync , but for people who thought themselves too hip to listen to pretty-boy bands . I turned 35 in June , and GVSB must be around the same age , since they are contemporaries of mine . Yet here they are , still trying to summon up the old sexy/cool pose they foisted on us ten years ago-and with repetitive , monotonous music that sounds almost exactly like early Soulside . I have to admit , though , that they were in a vanguard of sorts-but not of any new wave in rock , as they would have us believe . Instead , despite the politically progressive , Fugazzi-like stance that they take , they were in fact one of the forbears of what indie rock has become
 I have to admit this CD is my most major disappoint so far this year . There just does n't seem to be much energy left in GVSB . I 've always suspected that Scott McCloud was the real talent behind this group , and he 's the only one who still sounds like he 's holding up , the rest of them just fizzle . This impression was reinforced when I saw them peform at the Mercury Lounge on a trip to New York a few weeks ago . McCloud came through -LRB- barely -RRB- , but the others acted half dead . Johnny Temple in particular seemed out of it . I was pretty close to the stage and he looked sort of tired and stressed , so maybe he was having an off night . I hope so . Otherwise it looks like this is going to be GVSB 's last hurrah .
 The best way I can describe this album is that it gives me the same feeling I get when I 'm looking through the used CD bin at the local shop , and I discover an old gem of a CD that I bought way back when that I either lost or used to own on cassette and never upgraded . In most cases , after three listens I pop it into the ol' CD rack and forget about it -- just like I forgot about it until I saw it in the used CD bin!If you feel like this album is a step in the wrong direction for GVSB -LRB- and correct me if I 'm wrong but few bands if any have ever made a successful regression to their original formula -RRB- then you should check out the amazing stuff that Scott Temple and John McCloud are doing in New Wet Kojak . To me , their sound in that project , although a bit less rock-oriented , would have been a nice succession to Freak on Ica .
 Advance reveiws have generally treated this album as a return of GVSB to the glory of their early '90s years . I wish I could say that this is so , but it just ai n't . I loved the group back then -LRB- especially `` House of GVSB '' -RRB- , but for me they 've long since lost their spark and have become just another ageing rock band long overdue for retirement . The work here sounds like a very lame rehash of earlier , better work . In short , it 's tired . Come up , guys , you ca n't fight it . Your rock 'n' roll days are over !
 That 's the sorry position that Girls Against Boys find themselves in with their latest release . The sad truth is that in the ten years or so that they 've been recording together , they just have n't grown as musicians and so find themselves on the same level of musical competency that they were in when they were still a garage band in their 20s back in the early '90s . And this despite their having gone through an embarassing critical and commercial flop with their one album on a mainstream label . On this new CD , one that finds them once more recording on an indie label , they cry , rather pathetically , something to the effect of `` I hate Hollywood ! '' The thing is , I do n't believe them . I have no doubt that if Freak * on * ica had been a hit , they 'd now be basking in their childish notion of mainstream success -- an attitude reflected here in their continued adherence to some sort of adolescent idea of `` cool . '' The truth is , their proclamation of born-again indie-hood sounds defensive , more like the whinings of spoiled 18-year-olds living in an upper-middle-class suburb . But GVSB have to be in their mid-30s by this time , and their posturing -- as well as their music and lyrics -- have only become more inconsequental over the years .
 Last summer I bought this but only played it a couple of times because I did n't think much of it . Then last week an old college friend convinced me to go with him when Girls Against Boys played in Baltimore and I saw something there that I 'd completely forgotten about . Scott McCloud is one amazing performer , one of the best around . The rest of the group is really bad though . I do n't know why I ever liked them . My only excuse , I guess , is that I was young when they were at the height of their popularity 10 years ago . Alexis Fleisig is a good drummer and he 'd be great someplace else , but both Eli Janney and Johnny Temple -LRB- particularly Johnny -RRB- are listless , inert musicians , terrible . Basically they seemed like a bunch of overgrown frat boys killing time . I do n't know why Scott has stayed with the group for as long as he has , probably out of some sort of loyalty . I always suspected he was the true talent in GVSB and now after seeing them perform the other night I know it for sure . I listened to this album one last time after the concert but could n't even make it through the whole thing , it was that depressing . The next day I sold it at the used CD store . I wonder about Scott . Why did he stick with them when he 's the one who 's been holding them together , the one with all the charisma ? He 's awesome , totally brilliant ! I wish he 'd get it together and hook up with some other group . Then he 'd be a star , not just some minor indie rocker .
 I am a follower of Gloria 's music , but not of her voice . Alma Caribena has great music and production , but it lacks of sentiment and feeling from her part . Maybe she should think about her vocal performance a little more . Nice songs though .
 While I tremendously enjoyed the musical stylings presented on this CD , I would have enjoyed them even more if Gloria 's vocals were not so completely annoying . In the hands of a more competent singer , this CD would be perfect . My advice is , if you are trying to exterminate the roaches in your house , then this is a good bet . Otherwise , save your money .
 Some good songs , except the worthless last track , excellent musicians and the great Jose Feliciano as guest vocalist/guitar player but the annoying voice ? of the alleged best latin female singer make this cd unlistenable . If you want to hear the best female latin singer get a Lucecita Benitez cd .
 Let me start with saying that I am not a Gloria Estefan fan . I do n't know much about her , but I like music from Latin America . I must say I find her delivery mannered and very insincere . Her attempt at emotion is very cold . It 's as if she has studied Marc Anthony and Celia Cruz a little to hard . She ca n't swing or sway if her life depended on it . Se me hizo muy aburrido la musica de esta Gloria .
 Being a rabid Gloria 's fan from the mid 80 's on , I rushed to purchase this album . To my surprise I found myself hitting the next track button more often than not . ` Por Un Beso ' , ` Punto De Referencia ' , ` Dame Otra Oportunidad ' are songs best suited for somebody else . At times it appears that Gloria is struggling to make the notes.When I read ` Alma Caribe & ntilde ; a ' in a title I espect songs like ` No Me Dejes De Querer ' or ` Tres Gotas De Agua Bendita ' when I want to hear some salsa rythms or ` Como Me Duele Perderte ' and ` No Me Dejes De Querer ' if I want just to chill and enjoy Gloria 's rich and beautiful voice.I 'm still a fan of Estefan 's music but this ` Alma Caribe & ntilde ; a ' sadly is n't my favorite .
 This is basically a pretty good CD although I agree with other reviewers that it is not as nice as Mi Tierra . However , I do not understand why the producers or Gloria would want to ruin a Latin music CD by placing a very loud DISCO version of `` No me dejes de Querer '' on track 13 . When I play this CD , I either have to program that track out or otherwise rush to the volume control when it gets there . I do n't understand this at all , it ruins the latin mood completely . I would have rated this 3 or 4 stars if it were not for this .
 I do n't know what Gloria was thinking when she made this CD ... but do n't expect a `` Mi Tierra '' part 2 ! This CD lacks all the great salsa rhythm Gloria provided with both Mi Tierra and Abriendo Puertas . In fact , you get so sick of hearing all the ballads on this CD , that you want to return it the very next day ! Dont get me wrong ... i love Gloria , but Alma Caribena is terrible .
 Being Puerto Rican , I love to dance the Salsa , meringue , and music that just makes you swing . This latest from my most favorite diva is misleading . The cover of the CD shows her getting it down and dancing . Well , when I popped this cd in I could n't dance to a single one.Don ' t let the other reviews here fool you . If you like a lot of s-l-o-w , and I mean s-l-o-w ballads , then hey , I highly recommend this CD . If you 're expecting real latin music , than the best picks are Abriendo Puertas -LRB- my favorite , because you can dance to all of the tracks -RRB- and Mi Terra -LRB- Just LOVE Mi Terra ! -RRB- . Gloria is my favorite singer of all time , and I worship her and all , but Gloria , honey , you really let me down on this one .
 for a true latin music lover , a waste to have bought it , although I am a fan of Gloria Estefan . Simple arrangements , unimaginative lyrics , no `` sabor '' . I will greet any future disc of hers with scepticism .
 I found this album a little dissapointing . And the sensation increase in comparation with `` mi tierra '' . The main thing on this is the track selection , wich makes the whole a very downtempo album . Althought there 's a couple of up & high beat pieces , the sensation I percive it 's like if there were a down for gloria and she wanted to put it in the album . That 's no bad . The bad thing comes up when I heard it and I ca n't get down , Just a little bored . There 's no feeling , no emotion , no heart , no music . If you are planning to buy a gloria 's CD , do n't get this one . Mi tierra would do it best .
 This DVD has a few really enjoyeable songs . It is one of those videos that seeing it one time is enough . There are some good history points and traveling interest Daniel explains and good scenery of Ireland which make the video palatable . Too much video footage is of Daniel himself . I would recommed buying this DVD if you can get it for a low price .
 Just a substandard tribute record . delivered 6 years after the first NIB . I picked this up forgetting why I got rid of it in the first place.This Album has some really great bands doing really terrible covers of some really great songs . What makes me sad is that some of the songs covered on this were covered on the 1st album . And truthfully I feel cheated knowing Ozzy does covers of songs that are his . Why do n't I just buy the originals if you 're going to do that ? Sadly there are far better quality covers of these songs and others with fairly famous bands like Sacred Reich , Cannibal Corpse and Exhorder . And another gripe I have is why is n't there a tribute album to the Dio years ? Dio Black Sabbath cranked out tons of great tunes as well . And I would have liked to have heard more obscure songs instead of the standard fare on this one . I 'd say buy at your own risk.While I love Megadeth , Soulfly , Machine Head , Primus , System of a Down and others on this record , they all just seemed to drop the ball on this one .
 The first `` Nativity in Black '' Black Sabbath tribute album featured a great array of artists that owed their existance to the legendary band
 Unless you love numetal , do n't buy this album , get the first one instead ! This has two good song on it , System of a Down doing `` Snowblind '' and Slayer doing `` Hand of Doom '' . The rest is worthless . Pantera 's cover of `` Electric Funeral '' is ok , but it 's annoyingly identical to the original -LRB- Iced Earth 's version is WAY better -RRB- . `` NIB '' with Primus and Ozzy is n't bad , but they cut out all the solos to make it a radio hit . That 's just wrong , man . And once again , WHY IS OZZY SINGING ON HIS OWN TRIBUTE ?! Does that make any sense?Like I said , just get the first one . This is crud .
 What are you people taling about ? This CD is terrible ! All of the songs have no spirit . They stink . Godsmack and Machine Head disgraced Sweet Leaf and Hole In The Sky . I can not believe Black sabbath gave these bands the permission to use those songs . Then there are the rap versions of Sabra Cadabra and Iron Man which are absolutely terrible . By buying this Cd I have lost all respect for Slayer . I have all of their CDs , but after hearing their version of the classic `` Hand Of Doom '' I wanted to bury my head in the sand . Megadeth 's version of `` Never Say Die '' was just as bad . Shame on them both . The only listenable tracks on the CD are ... 1 . Pantera
 First and foremost , Sabbath did not stop writing music after 1978 ! I am sick of these tributes only doing Ozzy era stuff . How about Heaven And Hell , Mob Rules or Born Again material ! For that mattter , include some obscure stuff from the classic `` 7th Star '' or latter day Tony Martin era . Please , no more rehashes of the same old songs . And by the way , there is no excuse for having that rapper on the album . It is just sick . For decent tributes , look at Holy Dio or the Judas Priest Tribute Vol 1 and Vol 2 with Helloween , Gamma Ray , Mercyful Fate and the like .
 Now that Black Sabbath 's 30-year-old ` mallet-to-the-mullet ' stoner rock has been elevated to saintdom by a new generation of metalheads , it might seem fitting that understudy gloom n ' doomers bottlefed to Master Of Reality be given the opportunity to pay tribute to their wrinkled heroes . Gong ! However heart-warming the gesture , Black Sabbath 's lasting legacy does n't need a rejig
 This is a rather poor tribute compared to the first NIB album . That album was a decent listen . Every band there put their own spin and style into the songs . In contrast , many of the songs on NIB 2 are nearly copies of the originals classics . There are only a couple winners . The stand-out track on NIB 2 is Soulfly 's take on `` Under the Sun '' . I also like Busta Rhyme 's version of `` Iron Man '' a lot despite the rest of the reviews here . Even if you do n't like rap , you have to admit that he made a new-song out of the material unlike the rest of the `` artists '' on this album . Megadeth and Pantera both give good performances except their covers are barely distingishable from the originals ! The rest of the tracks go from ok to terrible . You can skip this record . Instead , spend your cash on `` NIB 1 '' for a good pop-metal disk or `` Eternal Masters '' for a great hard-core metal experience .
 The first NIB tribute album perhaps suggested a second , more like a do-over . Nobody pushed the material in a compelling direction . NIB 2 is more a self-indulgent exercise by artists far to full of themselves given their meager talent . Once again , like 1,000 Homo DJs -LRB- a Wax Trax project that included great talent like Trent Reznor , Jello Biafra , Al Jourgensen -RRB- mutilated `` Supernaut '' on NIB 1 , the aimless Monster Magnet ruined another Sabbath song crying for a great remake , `` Into the Void '' on NIB 2 . The Magnet version sandwiches a pretty nice cut at the core of the song between several minutes , beginning and end , of typical Magnet noise-crap studio filler . `` Supernaut '' and `` Into the Void '' remain hit singles in waiting for any ballsy artist who 'll step up.What I listen to on this album after a few turns ... I 'm not big on screamo , but Soulfly 's turn on `` Under the Sun '' grows on me . Not bad . Slayer 's rendition of `` Hand of Doom '' may outdo the original , less preachy and more urgent.On the other hand ... Busta Rhymes 's waste of time has so little to do with the original , it is bizarre . System of a Down 's `` Snowblind '' eradicates all that made the song great without injecting anything worth hearing . Static-X is devoid of talent ; they simply slap `` Behind the Wall of Sleep '' into their techno formula and go on . Pantera is simply flat and disappointing on `` Electric Funeral . '' Godsmack recorded its version of `` Sweet Leaf '' a little before the band found its stride , so it is nothing special . And `` Hole in the Sky '' is far too powerful a song for Machine Head to do anything special with it.One wonders why Metallica , which owes its existence to Sabbath , never appeared on these tributes . It 's not as though these recordings were devoid of capable artists . Just sounds as though , for the most part , they did not try very hard , or they were intimidated by the original versions of these songs.NIB 1 and 2 are wastes of time and money . Listen to Sabbath instead . Much more rewarding .
 I really wanted to like this Cd , and tried many times.The vocals are very pleasant but get lost andconfused with all the high-hats and vibraphones.Just a little too much fusion for me.But I bet they are really nice people !
 Sarah Vaughan is considered a great jazz vocalist . But her type of jazz is not for me . She is almost always accompanied with symphony-like support and mostly sticks to a classical jazz repertoire . The reason she does not appeal to me is because she is technically perfect to the point that each song seems like an exercise in control , which she does have except when she quickly drops to a much deeper voice . At least , that is my perception . I find little emotion . If you like the classical jazz repertoire , you will likely find her very appealing .
 The quality of the samples is better than the quality of the recordings .
 The reason I purchased this particular CD was for the title song . However , I did not appreciate the fact that someone dubbed in an introduction by John Wayne that begins just before the song starts . What was the point of that ? Who wants to hear John Wayne speak every time one plays the song ?
 It was advertised as being new and it was not . We emailed the seller and hisresponce was very snotty and short . There were 2 tracs on the cd that was messed up and could not be listened to . I will not purchase anything else from this seller .
 Well , no -- Hendrix would not sound like this . He used three 100Watt Marshall stacks pushed at full volume to derive unbelievable tones from his guitar . Simply put -- there 's not much tone on this album , nor sustain , nor overtones that come from Marshalls on 10 . Yeah , there 's talented guitarists , like Andy Aledort , but the notes seem to die out . Obviously , you ca n't hook up a series of Marshall stacks in a studio without blowing the studio out , but anything less than the stage tone from the Fillmore East recording 69/70 , is a sub-par re-recording of that famous set .
 Buddy Miles needs to let go of this obsession he has with continuing to link his musical personality with his old buddy Jimi . Miles has his own high-level of musical abilities and needs to separate himself from the past . Just does n't seem healthy to me . He is an amazing drummer in his own right
 This is one of the worst box sets ever released.There is talking between virtually every track -LRB- on 7 or 8 of the 10 cds -RRB- -LRB- scores and scores of title and take numbers spoken , and respoken . The producer introducing tracks by title and making endlessly pointless studio remarks . -LRB- Of course the same uninteresting remarkeach and every time you play the cd . . -RRB- Sometimes songs even stop after a single line is sung -LRB- or before -RRB- . Then reslate , retitle and restart foranother 20 seconds.Of course the -LRB- properly recorded -RRB- music itself is wonderful but it 's impossible to fall into any kind of musical reveriewith the incessant interruptions -LRB- absolutely none of it worth hearing -RRB- . So if you like Billie Holiday for her * music * this is n't for youIn fact the box set is so utterly unplayable I rebought the music on individual cds so that I can actually listen to it.I 'm a big Billie fan , I already had all the music on vinyl before I bought the box set . -LRB- Yes , even the very poor bootleg stuff that Verve bought to pad out the box set . -RRB- Finally it 's wildly overpriced , around 5/6 of the cd 's are only for listening to once -LRB- and you might not even managethat . Billie Holiday as a slurring rambling drunk is a big downer andthe record company might have shown her a little respect and kept the tapes in the vault.Haven ' t they made enough off her yet ? In the first place they only paid her a fee of $ 30 - $ 100 per track for a buyout withwith no royalties ever.In reality at least half the box set is actually unreleasable outtakes/rehearsal tapes - boxed up as full price cds.The whole thing smacks of record company greed.So there are only around 4 cds of real , properly recorded releasable master take music.And these can be bought on 2 double cd sets -LRB- unfortunately only from Verve -RRB- without the talking between tracks.Do yourself a favor and get these instead.Oh yeah , and as if all this is n't enough bad news , they 've jammed different sessions on to the same cd - so you get a handful ofprime Billie tracks followed by 40 minutes of amateur home recorded rehearsal talking on the same cd.So what emerges is that there is only -LRB- I think -RRB- one single cd which is prime quality all the way through . -LRB- Except for the stopping , retakes and talking between the takes which it also has . . -RRB- So get any other Billie Holiday box set than this - but get one!Verve should be ashamed of themselves for ruining an incredible archive like this.And making me feel so ripped off that I had to go to the trouble of writing this.Thanks Amazon for the cheap therapy .
 great music bla bla etc. . . but this need a update the package is too poor ! for the price ! expensive !
 I was about to buy `` Superfast '' by Dynamite Hack , after hearing `` Boyz in the Hood , '' and `` Dear Kate . '' `` Boyz in the Hood '' became my favorite song by listen # 2 . I heard `` Dear Kate , '' and thought it had a cool catchy tune . I assumed that the rest of the album would be similar , but I was wrong . Luckily , before i went out to by it , I listened to my friends ' copy . The only really good song was `` Boyz in the Hood . '' The only other song that even came close to matching Boyz N the Hood 's greatness was `` Blue Sky . ''
 After my brother was into this group because of `` Boyz In The Hood , '' I played him the REAL `` Boyz In The Hood '' and he hated it . When a generation of teeny-boppers lose the meaning and value of the original , replacing it with some honky-pseudo-country remake , it 's sad . I 'm not black , nor am I trying to be self-righteous , but I think that 's sad . What could be an occasional concert gimmick is stretched beyond its limit and succeeds in warping the minds of a generation of young listeners . What was `` alternative '' is now mainstream , and I think we need to realise this . Hey kids , go buy yourselves some NWA and learn about injustice and growing up without dot-com money to spend on junk like this .
 that little country remake of Boyz N Tha Hood was junk yo . they didnt even take out the 'N' word yo ! wasup ! half the teeny boppers who listen to that punkass remake of the song do n't even know about half the stuff theyre talkin about in the song yo ! bunch punkass white boys yo
 This cd is so not worth the buy ! I heard it had club mixes and i was over the moon . But i 'm so often disappointed with them . This is no different . They run for about 6 minutes each . They are some of the worst i 've ever heard . They do n't enhance the song at all and they certainly do n't make me want to get up and dance . I could have made better mixes than this !! I 've heard better remixes of the original by Berlin!Sorry , no offence to Jessica of course . But if i was her i 'd be approving song before they are release OR fighting with the company to not release them or make better ones !! Still having said all this , i know people have different tastes , so it 's best if you can hear a sample of them first . You can hear the first 30 sec . if you go to sonymusic.com.au but they do n't show you the whole tragedy ahead !
 This song when sung by Berlin was wondeful and not vocally overdone . Jessica Simpson sounds as if she is ripping her vocal chords out to hit some of the notes towards the end of the song . None of the remixed are particularly exciting and they all drag on without end . Unfortunetly , it seems as if this entire cd was rushed and hurried along ; I would save my $ $ !
 Now that Black Sabbath 's 30-year-old ` mallet-to-the-mullet ' stoner rock has been elevated to saintdom by a new generation of metalheads , it might seem fitting that understudy gloom n ' doomers bottlefed to Master Of Reality be given the opportunity to pay tribute to their wrinkled heroes . Gong ! However heart-warming the gesture , Black Sabbath 's lasting legacy does n't need a rejig
 This is a rather poor tribute compared to the first NIB album . That album was a decent listen . Every band there put their own spin and style into the songs . In contrast , many of the songs on NIB 2 are nearly copies of the originals classics . There are only a couple winners . The stand-out track on NIB 2 is Soulfly 's take on `` Under the Sun '' . I also like Busta Rhyme 's version of `` Iron Man '' a lot despite the rest of the reviews here . Even if you do n't like rap , you have to admit that he made a new-song out of the material unlike the rest of the `` artists '' on this album . Megadeth and Pantera both give good performances except their covers are barely distingishable from the originals ! The rest of the tracks go from ok to terrible . You can skip this record . Instead , spend your cash on `` NIB 1 '' for a good pop-metal disk or `` Eternal Masters '' for a great hard-core metal experience .
 The first NIB tribute album perhaps suggested a second , more like a do-over . Nobody pushed the material in a compelling direction . NIB 2 is more a self-indulgent exercise by artists far to full of themselves given their meager talent . Once again , like 1,000 Homo DJs -LRB- a Wax Trax project that included great talent like Trent Reznor , Jello Biafra , Al Jourgensen -RRB- mutilated `` Supernaut '' on NIB 1 , the aimless Monster Magnet ruined another Sabbath song crying for a great remake , `` Into the Void '' on NIB 2 . The Magnet version sandwiches a pretty nice cut at the core of the song between several minutes , beginning and end , of typical Magnet noise-crap studio filler . `` Supernaut '' and `` Into the Void '' remain hit singles in waiting for any ballsy artist who 'll step up.What I listen to on this album after a few turns ... I 'm not big on screamo , but Soulfly 's turn on `` Under the Sun '' grows on me . Not bad . Slayer 's rendition of `` Hand of Doom '' may outdo the original , less preachy and more urgent.On the other hand ... Busta Rhymes 's waste of time has so little to do with the original , it is bizarre . System of a Down 's `` Snowblind '' eradicates all that made the song great without injecting anything worth hearing . Static-X is devoid of talent ; they simply slap `` Behind the Wall of Sleep '' into their techno formula and go on . Pantera is simply flat and disappointing on `` Electric Funeral . '' Godsmack recorded its version of `` Sweet Leaf '' a little before the band found its stride , so it is nothing special . And `` Hole in the Sky '' is far too powerful a song for Machine Head to do anything special with it.One wonders why Metallica , which owes its existence to Sabbath , never appeared on these tributes . It 's not as though these recordings were devoid of capable artists . Just sounds as though , for the most part , they did not try very hard , or they were intimidated by the original versions of these songs.NIB 1 and 2 are wastes of time and money . Listen to Sabbath instead . Much more rewarding .
 Unless you love numetal , do n't buy this album , get the first one instead ! This has two good song on it , System of a Down doing `` Snowblind '' and Slayer doing `` Hand of Doom '' . The rest is worthless . Pantera 's cover of `` Electric Funeral '' is ok , but it 's annoyingly identical to the original -LRB- Iced Earth 's version is WAY better -RRB- . `` NIB '' with Primus and Ozzy is n't bad , but they cut out all the solos to make it a radio hit . That 's just wrong , man . And once again , WHY IS OZZY SINGING ON HIS OWN TRIBUTE ?! Does that make any sense?Like I said , just get the first one . This is crud .
 What are you people taling about ? This CD is terrible ! All of the songs have no spirit . They stink . Godsmack and Machine Head disgraced Sweet Leaf and Hole In The Sky . I can not believe Black sabbath gave these bands the permission to use those songs . Then there are the rap versions of Sabra Cadabra and Iron Man which are absolutely terrible . By buying this Cd I have lost all respect for Slayer . I have all of their CDs , but after hearing their version of the classic `` Hand Of Doom '' I wanted to bury my head in the sand . Megadeth 's version of `` Never Say Die '' was just as bad . Shame on them both . The only listenable tracks on the CD are ... 1 . Pantera
 First and foremost , Sabbath did not stop writing music after 1978 ! I am sick of these tributes only doing Ozzy era stuff . How about Heaven And Hell , Mob Rules or Born Again material ! For that mattter , include some obscure stuff from the classic `` 7th Star '' or latter day Tony Martin era . Please , no more rehashes of the same old songs . And by the way , there is no excuse for having that rapper on the album . It is just sick . For decent tributes , look at Holy Dio or the Judas Priest Tribute Vol 1 and Vol 2 with Helloween , Gamma Ray , Mercyful Fate and the like .
 Just a substandard tribute record . delivered 6 years after the first NIB . I picked this up forgetting why I got rid of it in the first place.This Album has some really great bands doing really terrible covers of some really great songs . What makes me sad is that some of the songs covered on this were covered on the 1st album . And truthfully I feel cheated knowing Ozzy does covers of songs that are his . Why do n't I just buy the originals if you 're going to do that ? Sadly there are far better quality covers of these songs and others with fairly famous bands like Sacred Reich , Cannibal Corpse and Exhorder . And another gripe I have is why is n't there a tribute album to the Dio years ? Dio Black Sabbath cranked out tons of great tunes as well . And I would have liked to have heard more obscure songs instead of the standard fare on this one . I 'd say buy at your own risk.While I love Megadeth , Soulfly , Machine Head , Primus , System of a Down and others on this record , they all just seemed to drop the ball on this one .
 The first `` Nativity in Black '' Black Sabbath tribute album featured a great array of artists that owed their existance to the legendary band
 I 'm a big Louis Prima fan but I was very disappointed with this cd . It did n't capture the excitement of a Louis Prima show .
 A Friend of mine was listening to a tasty jazz CD at work . I asked him what it was and it was `` The best of Latin Jazz '' I should have checked the label because it was a different album than this one . How disappointing . If you dig Ricky Ricardo playing in a basement with 1930 's recording equipment , then this is the disc for you . Where 's Carmen Miranda when you need her ? A couple of tracks approached cocktail hour banality , and THAT was the best . I want my money back .
 TheHurtProcess - Drive By MonolougeThis band sounds like the Europeanversion of Boy Sets Fire , and that is not a good thing.I ca n't think of an album that false advertises morethan this one . For one thing , Derek Hess designed thealbum artwork ... I am used to associating his `` brand '' withdecent material . I must say , they had to have payed him a lot.The music is so bitter and bland , and never goes anywhere.Where are the dynamics ? On the cover is says `` For fans ofThursday , FATA , Taking Back Sunday '' and I can see wherethis album is in the same vein , but I would be very offended tosee my band compared to this one . -LRB- 2.5 / 10 -RRB-
 A couple months ago i burned the Bleeding Through CD for one of my firends . In return he burnt me a copy of this , which he said was good , and he thought i would like , knowing i listen to a lot of metal/hardcore bands . So he gave me the CD , i put it in my computer and gave it a listen . Here 's what happened ... Now i had heard of the Hurt Process long before he gave me the CD . I had listened to `` This Piece '' a lot during the previous summer . It was a decent tune , and it sort of had a nostalgic feel to it . I never actually bought the CD due to mixed reviews on Amazon here , mostly negative . So i was interested to hear what this sounded like . To say i was digusted would be giving the band too much credit.Now , when i purchase a CD and listen to it , even if i do n't like it , there 's something there that i can say , `` hey not bad '' . I 've never actually bought a CD and loathed it . When i was younger , and did n't listen to metal , i bought some CDs i now do n't like , but at the time did . I may not like all these metal CDs in a couple years -LRB- i doubt it though -RRB- , but for the time , when i buy a CD i usually find something i like in it . I just could n't with this CD . It was so bland and dry . It 's just terrible . Nothing stuck out , it all seemed like the same thing . It 's just awful.THis might be the worst CD I 've ever heard . I 'm open minded when listening to my genre of music -LRB- metal/hardcore -RRB- and usually find something redemable , but not this CD . I listend to it once and lost the CD and i have no desire to try and find it . To give this CD more then one star is unbelieavable . This is just bad music , plain and simple .
 When seeing this in the record store , I was drawn to the sticker on the front featuring Taking Back Sunday , Thursday , From Autumn To Ashes and Poison The Well . All amazing bands in their own respects , but this album should not be compared to these bands or their albums . This cd has some interesting instrumental work but nothing spectacular . The vocals sound dry and uninteresting . All in all , this album was a big disappointment . The sticker throws the consumer right off , it is decieving .
 Why must I even start , why must I even tell you guys that this sucks . FATA is not a band you should mesure anything to , becuase FATA is a trendy band that sucks . This is also a trendy band that sucks . THANKS A LOT VICTORY ! Why did Victory sell out , they have been selling these hard core boy bands by the dozen . How could a label that has bands such as Snapcase , Grade and Integrity go and sell out and sell crappy music . Be careful , if you see a new Victory band 's cd do n't buy it . Chances are the next cd Victory puts out will suck and will be `` screamo '' crap that has been destroying the scene . Do n't listen to fake , glam ass hard-core .
 I was about to buy `` Superfast '' by Dynamite Hack , after hearing `` Boyz in the Hood , '' and `` Dear Kate . '' `` Boyz in the Hood '' became my favorite song by listen # 2 . I heard `` Dear Kate , '' and thought it had a cool catchy tune . I assumed that the rest of the album would be similar , but I was wrong . Luckily , before i went out to by it , I listened to my friends ' copy . The only really good song was `` Boyz in the Hood . '' The only other song that even came close to matching Boyz N the Hood 's greatness was `` Blue Sky . ''
 After my brother was into this group because of `` Boyz In The Hood , '' I played him the REAL `` Boyz In The Hood '' and he hated it . When a generation of teeny-boppers lose the meaning and value of the original , replacing it with some honky-pseudo-country remake , it 's sad . I 'm not black , nor am I trying to be self-righteous , but I think that 's sad . What could be an occasional concert gimmick is stretched beyond its limit and succeeds in warping the minds of a generation of young listeners . What was `` alternative '' is now mainstream , and I think we need to realise this . Hey kids , go buy yourselves some NWA and learn about injustice and growing up without dot-com money to spend on junk like this .
 that little country remake of Boyz N Tha Hood was junk yo . they didnt even take out the 'N' word yo ! wasup ! half the teeny boppers who listen to that punkass remake of the song do n't even know about half the stuff theyre talkin about in the song yo ! bunch punkass white boys yo
 I am tired of being ripped off by these music companies . Do they really think people are so stupid as to pay money for this ! The Allman Brothers rock , but what was Sony thinking . I have asked them to recall the disk , and replace mine with VHS . I urge you to do the same . Do not buy this disk !
 I can not believe that Sony completely wrecked the DVD version of this spectacular show . Buy the VHS version and pray that they re-release this properly someday . : -LRB-
 What 's the deal ? I am a huge ABB fan , and thought this was a great show . But what the hell is up with these stupid interviews in the middle of songs ... right in the middle of solos . Seriously , who would do such a stupid thing . It would be a great DVD if they had the whole show , uninterrupted . Why not just put the interviews in a whole different section or disc . If you want an Allman Brothers DVD , just get the new one from the Beacon ... and hope somebody finally realizes that this DVD sucks and fixes it .
 Everyone associated with the release of this DVD should be ashamed of themselves . The VHS version is a masterpiece , featuring 90 + minutes of a smoking hot Allman Brothers show . The DVD is packaged identically -LRB- even stating a `` running time '' of `` 90 minutes '' -RRB- , yet clocks in at 55 minutes . Many songs are abbreviated versions of the originals found on the VHS . The DVD is deceptively -LRB- if not fraudulently -RRB- labeled . I used to think of the Allman Brothers Band as a band for the common man . After this ripoff , I 've vowed not to spend another dime on anything that will earn Gregg and the boys another penny . Anyone who paid hard-earned money for this worthless DVD should be entitled to a refund and an apology from the band .
 Why could n't they make the DVD like the VHS copy ? no editing , i do n't want Liz Reed and Whipping Post edited . If the want to include the interviews , it 's a Freaking DVD . Put them on a bonus track . come on guys , the ABB and us fans deserve better .
 The VHS version is better . The DVD version has interviews over songs . Awful , awful , awful . Stick with the VHS version -LRB- I purchased the VHS and threw the DVD in the trash - and that 's where the DVD belongs -RRB- .
 I am a huge Allman Brothers fan . I bought the disk thinking it was a concert video . Nothing but interviews with music playing in the background . Luckily I was able to exchange it for something else . Can not belive the A-Bros would endorse this .
 This product is an example of how sometimes the progression of technology results in the regression of value . I believe this DVD version of this concert is nothing but the made-for-TV version that had to be under an hour , hence the absence of much of the material featured on the original VHS version.I highly recommend that you find the VHS version -- there are some to be had for reasonable prices . The VHS version is 30 minutes longer in concert length and has no edits or interview interruptions . On the VHS version , the sound is a little bit distorted -LRB- common for VHS tapes -RRB- , but overall is good.As for the performance , overall great , but there a few shaky moments . When the drummers finish their solos in Elizabeth Reed and everybody comes back in for the main theme reprisal , it 's a rhythmic MESS for a few seconds while the drummers have to drag the tempo back down to what the guitarists are playing -- lol . The guitars are a bit out-of-tune in a couple of places on that number as well , but Warren and/or Dickie are pretty quick to tune it back up on the fly ... The BEST tune on this concert recording -LRB- and thankfully is preserved intact on the DVD version -RRB- is Going Down The Road Feeling Bad . I ca n't tell you how GREAT it is ! Just a simple country-blues tune , but Dickie and Warren just absolutely shine on it , vocally and instrumentally ! That track is worth the price of the whole concert!So if you ca n't find the VHS version of this -LRB- or ca n't use it -RRB- , then I still recommend getting the DVD version for what it is -- a lot better than no version at all !
 I echo most of the other reviews - this was an OUTSTANDING concert on VHS that was absolutely butchered when converting to DVD . Edited versions of songs , jams interrupted by interviews -LRB- being a DVD why could n't the interviews be separate ??? -RRB- . Worst of all , `` Jessica '' was eliminated from the DVD.Let Sony know how you feel . Maybe if enough people do this they will realize the money they are losing .
 I used to have this on VHS and was ecstatic when the DVD came out . Although the VHS was itself not the entire show at Great Woods -LRB- which is what we really want -RRB- , nonetheless , what we got was terrific . But it 's just a travesty what happened on the way to the DVD editing room . It 's all chopped up with interviews interrupting the solos , truncated and/or missing songs . It 's so irritating that I will never view it again . Now , if this show -LRB- with Warren , Allen , Dickey , Greg , Marc , Butch and Jaimoe -RRB- were re-released without the horrible edits it would be a `` must have '' . Until then - avoid it .
 I would also like to add my 2 cents concerning the `` Live at Great Wood '' DVD . It stinks and it sucks . Too much talking , not enough of the concert music and they have shortened to disc.Get the VHS and record it to a DVD . That 's what I did . You get the complete 90 minute concert and a video of nothing but music . No comments , no interviews , no interruptions . Warren Haynes and Dickey Betts are GREAT . Greg Allman is his usual excellent musician . Allman Brothers at their best.If I could assign zero stars to this product , this DVD would get it.GAC
 This DVD is a disgrace . Pathetic . It 's actually an outstanding film of an Allman Brothers concert , but the producers ruined it by interrupting the songs with interviews . How can they be so stupid ? How can the members of The Allman Brothers allow the record company to butcher the songs like that ? Do n't they have enough interest in their own music to pay attention to what gets released ? If you want to see the full length versions of the songs in this concert , buy the VHS version because it 's all there . As for the DVD release , it 's such a shame that corporations and record labels show such disrespect for music . The Allman Brothers are one of the greatest live bands of all time and there is n't very much concert footage that has been released , so why did they have to ruin this wonderful concert ?
 I ca n't believe they actually eliminated songs that were on the original VHS tape . WHY !?? And to interrupt the other songs and trash this amazing concert is such a travesty . I hope whoever was responsible for this mess was fired.EVERYONE
 I too am a big ABB fan , and have never been disappointed at their concerts , but this DVD is n't what it could or should be ! How can they claim this to be approx . 90 minutes ? It 's 55 ! Anybody that has seen the boys in concert knows that they are hardly breaking a sweat after 55 minutes . Furthermore , it is ignorant to place interviews in the middle of songs . I might play the disc 100 times and never get tired of the music , but I do n't need to hear Dickey talk about the naming of `` In Memory of Elizabeth Reed '' more than once . Is n't that common sense ? The music that is played is very good , and it 's a shame they did n't do a better job of putting together this disc !
 What were they thinking ? I bought this for the music , not to listen to interviews . They certainly bungled their use of DVD technology on this one . This DVD lacks one important thing ; the Allman Brothers making music.Don ' t bother .
 I LOVE THE ALLMAN BROTHERS LIVE AT GREAT WOODS VHS , IT IS ONE OF THE BEST CONCERT VIDEOS EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRR , AND WAS VERY EXITED WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE DVD.WHAT A DISSAPOINMENT , I SHOULD SUE THE EDITOR , TERRIBLE EDITING , INTERVIEWS OVER GUITARS SOLOS , JESSICA IS CUT OUT , WHIPPING POST IS LESS THAN 3 MINUTES . WHAT WAS THE EDITOR THINKING ???????? THIS DVD IS BAD.STAY AWAY BUY THE VHS IT IS MUCH BETTER .
 Just my opinion , I 'm also a huge fan of the ABB . The music is great , what there is of it . But whoever produced the DVD cut out , and interrupted the music . That 's pretty much `` blasphemy '' in my opinion . I got this DVD to see and hear the band play music . To try to get a feel for the live performance.IMO , the folks who chose the format did a disservice to the ABB . I do n't have the VHS , but it sounds to me from the other reviewers that it is the way to go .
 I first saw the DVD version at Best Buy some years ago and immediately saw that `` Jessica '' was not on the DVD version and I smelled a rat . Then I read the reviews and I 'm appalled ! Can we petition the manufacturer to release the original VHS version on DVD ?
 I 'm clutching on to my well-worn VHS copy of this , as it is AWESOME . Warren Haynes came along -LRB- originally as part of Dickie Betts Band - track down the 1998 `` Pattern Disruptive '' album with `` Blues Ai n't Nothing '' to hear -RRB- and really kicked ABB 's a ** and they got their spark back and were really playing well from about '91 to ' 97 . Looks like I 'll have to do my own rip from VHS-DVD if I want it on disc . Now all I 've got ta do is find a still-sealed VHS copy ...
 When I bought this and took it home . I played it and was severely dissapointd . Ditto to what most other reviewers said . I took it back to Best Buy the next day . It sucks !
 Like a lot of reviewers here , I bought the VHS edition when it first came out ... nothing but the highest praise for that version . There is perhaps no better single video that so superbly documents what these guys do onstage -LRB- at least not with Dickey Betts in the lineup -RRB- . I was fortunate enought to have stumbled upon the DVD for rent first ... which I did , and that was it , for reasons stated so well by everybody else here . By the way , the VHS tape can be copied to DVD , which I heartily recommend !
 I have this Allman Brothers Band performance in VHS format , and it is amazing . A really classic performance featuring Greg Allman , Dickey Betts , Warren Hayes , Allen Woody and the rest . What a major disappointment with this transer to DVD . While the DVD format gives great color and resolution , there is a deluge of unsavory editing . In the middle of key live performances , interviews are spliced in . -LRB- ... -RRB- But the real travesty is the omission of material from the VHS version , and the rolling of credits while the band blazes on Whippin ' Post . This great song is literally cut short in mid-performance . The potential for a great presentation in the DVD format is lost in the editing . The running time claimed is `` approx . 90 minutes '' , while it actually is less than 60 minutes . Sloppy job Sony !!!
 The songs are edited and cut short . There is an interview over top of one of the songs . The last song is cut short with scrolling credits . Whoever released this DVD should be ashamed!Do Not buy this DVD !!!!!!!
 Do not buy this DVD !! Buy the VHS instead . Unlike the VHS -LRB- which also contains an extra song -- Jessica -RRB- this DVD edits some songs short -LRB- e.g. Blue Sky -RRB- and inserts interviews into the middle of other songs -LRB- the VHS just gives you the wonderful music -RRB- . This DVD is a Disappointing Rip Off .
 What a major disappointment !!! I have the VHS and was expecting the same only better sound and picture on the DVD , boy was I suprised . The packaging says `` Blue Sky '' in included , do n't believe it , it 's less than 2 minutes and what there is of it is stepped on by interviews . `` In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed '' is all there but also stepped on . Also where is `` Jessica '' . Stay away from the DVD and buy the VHS .
 I am a big Allman Brothers fan , having enjoyed and loved their music since 1970 , so I was very disappointed when several songs were interrupted with interview material . The performances were fine , unfortunately , in those instances I was n't given the privilage of hearing entire songs . DVD technology allows for re-editing this material so that the interviews are put in a separate menu . I would very much like to enjoy the original concert the way it was recorded , not as a re-issue of the TV program . There is a great opportunity to give the listener something better . Luckily , I was able to return this title because the running time was incorrectly listed on the box as much longer than it really is .
 I thought the disc would contain complete songs , but it only has bits and pieces of most . The disc breaks up many songs with interviews . It would have been a perfect opportunity for the DVD authors to do the interviews in separate menus , but have the entire music selections uninterrupted . We would not have the original television program , but something better instead . What was most disappointing is that the Allman Brothers are a great band , and I really looked forward to hearing the music . But , alas , I 'll have to wait for another disc to get a real concert.Also , beware , the running time is under an hour , not the 90 minutes indicated on the package .
 I 'm disappointed like the rest . I bought the VHS version several years ago and expected an exact copy of it on the DVD . WRONG !!! To make matters worse the DVD cover says `` Running Time
 I 've had this concert on VHS for more than a coupla years now . I 've almost worn it out . when I saw that it was out on DVD , I snatched it right up . Only to encounter on of the biggest disappointments in music I 've ever known !!! Songs cut short -LRB- or completely deleted -RRB- interview over-top of my favorite solos !! I hope Gregg , Warren & Dickey realize How badly This show was butchered , and will re-issue the show in its entirety -LRB- un-cut or un-edited -RRB- because I would buy it in a heartbeat ! ALL-IN-ALL . . A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!
 So , would you like to see and hear the Allman Brothers Band play Blue Sky , Elizabeth Reed , Revival and Whipping Post live ? Guess what ? Not gon na happen here . Whoever produced this video felt that it would be a fantastic idea to insert band interviews into the middle of songs . You hear about two minutes of Blue Sky IN THE BACKGROUND while Greg and Dickey are interviewed . Elizabeth Reed is interrupted three separate times by interviews , and the stuff that you do see is pretty obviously edited down . Who wants to see Dickey Betts play a solo to this great song anyway ? Whipping Post is also drastically edited down as the credits role through the majority of it . On the bright side , Dickey and Warren play great solos in Get on With Your life , and Statesboro Blues was pretty good . But , otherwise , this was disappointing to say the least . A very misleading DVD . Do n't buy it . Hopefully they 'll fix this , but I doubt it . I wonderdered why it was so cheap , now I know . I wish I would have read the reviews before buying it .
 I Purchased the DVD with great anticipation only after viewing the VHS copy I had in my music collection , What were they thinking . Interruptions during the music with interviews although I like the interviews put it on a different track -LRB- Angle -RRB- . Most songs were edited so you do not get the complete song , Guitar solos missing , Drum solo cut short , Whipping Post 2 minutes ? With today 's technology I would have expected better , much better than the VHS . The running time is not 90 minutes I am returning my DVD today . I am a southern rock lover , as well as a Allman fan but this DVD Stinks .
 I own the VHS version and hoped for an incredible DVD because of my satisfaction with the VHS version . Especially the 5.1 Dolby sound . What a disappointment ! When I went to Blue Sky , all I got was interviews with Greg & Dicky with music playing in the background-Blue Sky for all intents and purposes is n't there . Some songs do benefit from the sound improvement but overall a real disappointment when you understand what could 've been done with today 's technology . Who 's in charge over there ? Save your money !!!
 same beef everyone else has ... there is more talking in this dvd than music ... I bought this because it appeared to be the best song list since Dickie was on this Dvd and therefore his music was also being played but a song will stop and cut to an interview with either greg or dickie right in the middle of a song
 I LOVE THE ALLMAN BROTHERS LIVE AT GREAT WOODS VHS , IT IS ONE OF THE BEST CONCERT VIDEOS EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRR , AND WAS VERY EXITED WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE DVD.WHAT A DISSAPOINMENT , I SHOULD SUE THE EDITOR , TERRIBLE EDITING , INTERVIEWS OVER GUITARS SOLOS , JESSICA IS CUT OUT , WHIPPING POST IS LESS THAN 3 MINUTES . WHAT WAS THE EDITOR THINKING ???????? THIS DVD IS BAD.STAY AWAY BUY THE VHS IT IS MUCH BETTER .
 I was also expecting an incredible DVD version of this fantastic vhs show . I urge you NOT to buy the DVD version ! Stick with the vhs ... it gives you a great show . I could not believe how cheated I felt when I threw this DVD on . What a shame . I am still mad and from this day forward I am not buying anything from SONY DVD until I read some reviews from the folks who bought them .
 Long time Allman Bros. fan . I own the `` Live at Great Woods VHS '' and was excited to purchase the DVD . I am disappointed with the interruptions and interviews during several of the songs . `` Blue Sky '' hardly exist due to an interview with Dickey Betts . It just appears that this recording was hurried and it is much shorter than the original VHS tape . I would purchase the tape instead of the DVD . Bummer ...
 what an incredible botch job ! the laserdisc rocks ! and I understand so does the vhs version ... but this DVD cuts out songs ... cuts up songs ... and generally dissapoints ... THE INTERVIEWS SHOULD BE IN ADDITION TO ... NOT . . instead off SONY . . get it right ! and put this out AGAIN !
 I hate it when reviewers do n't list band personell , so I 'll just say right now that Dickey Betts & Warren Haynes -LSB- are awesome -RSB- , together & solo , and the late Allen Woody also does so on bass . Since ABB is a volotile band , you never know who may pop up , but this is the early-late 90 's line-up that never disappointed . The problem with this DVD , is that instead of having a seperate interview feature -LRB- which is the same problem that plagues Black Sabbath 's Reunion -RRB- , this concert turns into a documentary , and a very annoying one at that ! This was originally filmed for Japanese TV , with Robbie Robertson of The Band hosting it . I have the original Laser Disc version , which just has THE CONCERT , PERIOD , as if you were there . No interruptions , nobody to `` tell '' me what I am going to see OR are seeing , or interviews with the band that send the concert screens & sound into the background . I bought the DVD thinking I would get slightly better sound & video -LRB- which I did -RRB- , & was shocked at the `` butcher job '' that was done to it . So now , I put on both the LD and DVD versions -LRB- if I have friends over -RRB- , & switch back and forth to the LD when an annoying interview screws up the continuity of the concert . Buy the VHS or used LD & do the same ! I give the DVD 1 star -LRB- great audio & picture -RRB- , and it loses 4 stars for the -LSB- terrible -RSB- job . If all you can find is the DVD version , it 's still worth it for die-hard ABB fans , BUT , I have seen the original ... Mentally deranged ? You bet !
 I 've been an Allman Brothers Band fan for over 25 years & have rarely been disapointed by their releases . This is a poor production of a great concert . I have the original VHS of this show and it is spectacular . They really blew it with the DVD.I was expecting additional concert footage that did n't make it to the VHS , interviews , extras ... Instead we get massive edits , partial songs , songs interupted by interviews.Hopefully the band will have this show re-released properly . When they do , they should offer a trade-in for this poor excuse of a DVD.Meanwhile , the VHS is superb !
 Some of the guitar solo 's have the band members answering a interviewer 's question 's right over them . What were they thinking when they made this video ? It is not worth the money . Just more poor quality by the Music Industry Weasel 's Whitch proves once again anything for a buck !
 DVD has tremendous potential for music . While few movies are worth more than a single viewing , a good music video bears repeating . This DVD is about as bad as they come . Too much talk , not enough music . A voiceover is presented during `` Blue Sky '' , which has one of my favorite AB 's guitar solos . Most upsetting is that the closing credits are displayed while the band plays `` Whipping Post '' .
 Like many others long time ABB fan here and agree the dvd version of this concert is horrible . The DVD is butchered with voice over interviews . The VHS release was a concert video !!!!! If you are buying this DVD to watch a ABB concert please be aware the producers included voice over interviews over the music . The interviews should have been provided as special features on the DVD ! While listing to the band members commentary may be interesting the interrupting of the music is inexcusable ! Come on Man ! This is the Allman Brothers Band after all !! Ultimate Jam Band right?Get your hands on the original VHS and have it converted to DVD and shred the bought DVD if you bought it . Life 's too short to waste time time on the current DVD version.The concert deserves to be re-release without the voice over interviews in at least DVD format or appease the ABB fans with a BluRay or DVD release without the voice over interviews interrupting what we bought the DVD for -LRB- the music . . right ? -RRB-
 It makes me sad when I see somebody making a lot of money to do a terrible job of something . Whatever morons were in charge of the editing decided that the people who buy a concert DVD do n't want to hear the actual concert . Blue Sky is one of my favorite songs ever ; imagine my frustration when I skip to that track to see 2 minutes of an awesome Blue Sky turned way down in the background while Dickie talks about Statesboro Blues over top of it . Do n't buy this , you 'll just get mad .
 The first place I saw footage of this concert was on youtube and let me tell you I was blown away . The allman brothers band perform there best songs . So when I heard there was an official dvd release I was beside myself with excitment , That is until I read the reviews stating that this dvd only shows short segments of these performances intertwined with interviews and all I could think was WHY ! why would the people in charge of releasing this do something so completely idiotic . This is a complete tragedy to think that this concert exsist in full on vhs but only in bits and peices on dvd . I can only hope that one day this company will have the common sense to release this in full as it was originally intended .
 Shame on SONY 's Editors who RUINED this concert with Interviews.I happen to own the LASERDISC version which is the FULL CONCERT , No interviews and i have it on DVD . The only bad news about the Laserdisc , is that the audio is only 2.0 Stereo and the video quality is also less than this DVD . But at least it 's the entire concert UNCUT . This Official DVD release broke my heart !!! Bam Bam .
 Three 20-minute songs with maybe 2 minutes of material between them . Repeating the same simplistic drum rhythm and bass line for 20 minutes does n't equal `` hypnotic '' for me , it equals boredom . It is not a good sign when you begin fast-forwarding on the first listen ... Neu ! mined this vein a long time ago , and did it much better .
 Even Trower 's somewhat uneven records -LRB- Back It Up comes to mind -RRB- were far better than much of the musical output of a thousand other bands . This release , however , truly demonstrates he is A. Stuck in a time warp or B. Totally bereft of new musical ideas . The vocals are horrible - why Trower feels he can -LRB- or should -RRB- contribute vocals is a mystery . The singing chores should have been left to Livingston Brown , who has the type of voice Trower 's music needs and deserves . I 've seen Robin play live twice with Livingston Brown , and not having Brown 's lead vocals as well as better developed/more forward thinking musical material dooms this new release -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- . To say that much more was expected is an understatement !
 Robin Trower has produced the best rock/guitar albums of the last century . All his albums were great with James Dewar as singer , songwriter and bass player . After James became unfortunately ill everything that made the music special is gone . Not only his beautifull and powerfull voice is missing even the sound of Robin 's guitar sounds bad without him . Jimmy and Robin were the best .
 I 'm a guitarist and have been a big Trower fan since the very beginning . For the life of me , I ca n't understand how Robin has lost his ear for decent songs and vocals . For the life of me , I ca n't understand how any true Trower fan could even mention the title of this CD and `` Bridge of Sighs '' in the same sentence . This would make a decent Tom Petty album , but it makes a terrible Robin Trower album . It 's tired , draggy , and monotonous , not even considering the `` Bob Dylan 's grandmother '' vocals . Robin desperately needs a new vocalist and a decent songwriter . The only decent CD he 's released in the last few years is 20th Century Blues ... and it 's not that great ... but a helluva lot better than this !
 I was hella disappointed . I thought this would be a cool CD from the cover , but basically there is no feeling in the production . Whoever put this together went low budget & is counting on the cover to sell some discs . Your basic new school junk , plus there are NO FAT TRACKS . What Spanish it has is just buzz word BS representing . If you want GOOD Rap in Spanish check Orishas - A Lo Cubano , Molotov , Control Machete - Artilleria Pesada ... Presente or one of the many other rappers who do it better .
 I was hella disappointed . I thought this would be a cool CD from the cover , but basically there is no feeling in the production . Whoever put this together went low budget & is counting on the cover to sell some discs . Your basic new school junk , plus there are NO FAT TRACKS . What Spanish it has is just buzz word BS representing . If you want GOOD Rap in Spanish check Orishas - A Lo Cubano , Molotov , Control Machete - Artilleria Pesada ... Presente or one of the many other rappers who do it better .
 As a big fan of Catherine Wheel , and someone who loves all their albums , I picked up `` Wishville '' the day it came out a couple years ago . I have to admit , I was pretty disappointed . I mean , this is a band who has created some amazing music in the span of 5 years . `` Ferment '' was an amazing album , `` Chrome '' was equally as good . `` Happy Days '' -LRB- though VERY different -RRB- was probably my favorite album , because they experimented the most and I have a lot of fond memories of listening to that CD during the summers . `` Like Cats And Dogs '' was an album of b-sides , so I was n't surprised that I was n't blown away , though it had some great songs on there . `` Adam & Eve '' was an album that most CW fans could n't get enough of , but I only liked about half of it . Now `` Wishville '' , has hardly anything on there that I really got into . I 've had the CD for over 2 years now , and I think I 've put it in my CD player about 5 times . Songs like `` Sparks Are Gon na Fly '' , `` Gasoline '' and `` What We Want To Believe '' in are still pretty good , but compared to CW 's first 3 mind-blowing albums , this CD just does n't measure up . Worse yet , the band has been missing in action since the album came out . Even the greatest bands reach a point where it 's time to quit so that they do n't taint their image , ... sadly , this may be that time for Catherine Wheel .
 In my mind , `` Ferment '' is this band 's masterpiece and Wishville does nothing to further their legacy . I 've listened to these tracks several times , trying to pluck something noteworthy from a bunch of truly uninspiring songs . Only `` Mad Dog '' caught my interest , and that 's not saying much . Maybe they should hang it up and move on.Avoid this one unless you are a diehard fan .
 After 3 years and some changes -LRB- among them , they booted their longtime bass player -RRB- , Catherine Wheel have made their most boring record . Although `` Mad Dog '' is a fantastic song , the rest of the LP sounds good initially but carries no real substance . `` Wishville '' will not stand the test of time of say , `` Chrome '' or `` Adam and Eve '' . If this record is an indication of things to come , Catherine Wheel should call it a day and move on . They were once the best band in the world , they should n't fade away with records like this .
 Catherine Wheel inexplicably added `` The '' to its name , and the original bassist -LRB- Dave Hawes -RRB- left the band . I get the feeling that `` Wishville '' was completely dominated by Rob Dickinson , who I notice put out a solo album recently , which is not a good sign that CW is still around . Anyway , CW 's last album `` Wishville , '' -LRB- released five years ago ! -RRB- provides no thrills . Let 's face it - after `` Ferment '' and `` Chrome '' the band started on a precipitous slide , ending up on the bottom with the tepid `` Wishville . `` For my money , there are four decent songs on the album -LRB- each of which are blown away by almost all of `` Ferment , '' and most of `` Chrome '' -RRB- namely `` Sparks Are Gon na Fly , '' `` Gasoline , '' `` Lifeline , '' and `` Mad Dog . '' All of the rest are forgettable throw-aways . Hey Rob ! This is n't a good way to end ! Get the band back together , and write some music comparable to the old stuff !
 I 'll be brief - I absolutely love CHROME and HAPPY DAYS , but when I heard WISHVILLE at a CD listening station I found it uninspiring . Their hearts just do n't seem into the music and the result is n't too engaging or interesting . I will concede that a CD can grow on you upon repeated listenings , but I still do n't expect I 'll be giving it another try .
 For so long did Catherine Wheel carry the torch oh so well for underground guitar music -LRB- OK , OK ... alternative rock -RRB- . Not just with every new CD but with every new song came something different , something unexpected and most importantly ; Catherine Wheel always had a sound of their own . Now it appears that CW are trying as hard as they possibly can to appeal to the mainstream masses by releasing an album containing one uninspiring guitar song after the next.To think that this was the band that use to bring us classics so perfect and so beautiful as `` Heal '' , `` Delicious '' , `` The Nude '' , `` Texture '' , etc. , etc. ... . Only the anthemic `` Gasoline '' comes anywhere close . Do n't get me wrong , Catherine Wheel are one of the most overlooked bands of the 90 's but if you really want to hear the true Catherine Wheel , toss this and check out Ferment , Chrome or Happy Days .
 I have to disagree with most of the reviews on here about `` Wishville . '' This album is really not very good , especially considering how talented the band is and how amazing their previous five albums are . First off , the album is too short ... only nine songs . Second , not a single song is very catchy or remarkable . None of them would certainly have made the cut for the band 's previous two studio albums of new material . Buy this if you 're a fan , but if you 're new to the band , pick up the excellent , rocking `` Happy Days '' -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- or the excellent `` Adam & Eve , '' which showcases all sides of the band better than any of their other albums .
 You know you 're in for a long listen when a band 's own die-hard fans ca n't muster up enough to say about your album than , `` well , at least it 's better than 90 % of what 's out there !! '' Well , that remaining 10 % includes this band 's prior output , because they USED to be incredible , and this album is about as near an embarassing , career-ending travesty as you can get . The songs are just awful ; I would say that there might be some basis for this garbage , such as a song here and there prior to this that gave a HINT they might be headed in this sad direction , but their is n't . I might have even said that prior to this album , basically all of their songs were in their own way must-haves . The cover , coming from a band that does its covers up nicely , is pretentious , arrogant , and offensively poor . There really is n't anything positive to say about this gargantuan mistake of career suicide other than maybe , just MAYBE , something is going on behind the scenes to make something like this see the light of day . Maybe some Capitol exec held a gun to their heads and said , `` ALRIGHT , MAKE ME THE WORST-SOUNDING PIECE OF BAD PORK YOU HAVE EVER HEARD !! I MEAN INSIPID LYRICS , WOEFUL SONGWRITING , AND LIFELESS DRUMMING THAT GOES NOWHERE !! NOW MOVE IT AND MAKE IT FAST !! `` Catherine Wheel , where have you gone ?
 Do n't waste your time with Wishville ... your time and money is better spent on Ferment and Chrome , and even the B-sides Like Cats and Dogs ... and if you can find it , the Show Me Mary single with the tune `` Smother '' on it ... amazing .
 First of all , I would like to say that I am a huge Catherine Wheel fan , and appreciate Catherine Wheel 's music for its sincerity , emotion , and dynamics . However , Wishville shows that Catherine Wheel 's ideas appear to be running slighty thin . The atmospheric rock of Chrome , the hard edge of Happy Days , and the cohesiveness of Adam and Eve are nowhere to be found here . Instead , there are just 9 songs , almost all of which go along at a sleep-inducing pace . Overall , I was extremely disappointed with this effort , primarily because there is no other band out there like Catherine Wheel , and for this very fact , I was expecting a lot better .
 Catherine wheel are / were a pretty solid rock band . Started out shoegazey , got a little more aggressive along with the nirvana thing , and then hit an apparent peak with `` Adam and Eve '' . I have no idea if they were forced to release this garbage , or if they really thought it was good or it was a contract-finishing record or what . There are 9 songs , and 9 songs only . Maybe 2 or 3 are worth hearing again . The album is made up of pretty straight forward and pretty awful rock songs . They last about 4 minutes each , they basically mesh into one another and sound really tired and uninspired . I 'm probably digging too deep , but maybe the band just wanted to get this out so they could break up -LRB- have n't seen nor heard from them since -RRB- ? If you are looking for quality `` alternative '' rock , look elsewhere . There are dozens of great bands making similar , sylistically speaking , music that do it a lot better than this . Actually go buy `` Adam and Eve '' , `` Chrome '' or `` Ferment '' by this very band . They made those albums when they cared about making music . Clearly their passion is gone !
 How did a band that produced such a magnificent cd like `` Chrome '' or such a sublime song like `` Black Metallic '' , suddenly start to sound like Bush -LRB- and , trust me , this is not meant as a compliment -RRB- ? Despite this very uninspired power-chord-laden `` Wishville '' effort , I urge you to explore the `` older '' works of this amazing band and see how brilliant they can be .
 Not much to add to the other reviews except to agree that it is by no means their best album . Not wishing to offend anyone , it seems to me that their sound is becoming more american - I suppose your environment influences you as a writer/composer and as the band have made the USA their home it was bound to happen . I just feel like that they 've lost an edge that Chrome and Happy Days had , but I 've still got them to listen too and as as with many of their albums I guess it 'll grow on me as I did n't like Chrome to begin with - and eventually I had to replace the vinyl as I 'd worn it out so there you go . Still a fan .
 What , they locked in some english apartment huffing ? This was a weak album , as several have noted . Proclaiming the glories of sniffing gasoline is a pretty lame lyrical progression after ten years of quality song writing . Every song on this one reaches no height that their previous songs on Chrome and Ferment did.Maybe they took themselves too seriously-looked in the mirror too long way back in 2000 . But I wish they would come back-How can the creators of Crank and Black Metallic just fade away as they 've done?Listen , I want to tell you guys a little something ... Gasoline is supposed to power automobiles . It 's expensive , what , you think it 's a poor man 's heroin ? Come on . Pick up those guitars , get over the fact that it 's not the 90 's , I have this great idea for a song , White Mettalic , it starts off with this wistful , heavy opening guitar riff , you all sing together in this fuzzy chorus like cacophany of sound-None of this solitary lead singer thing , and then it just booms ! How 's that?Come back , Catherine Wheel ! Come back !
 Catherine Wheel have released some fine albums in their time which only makes this offering a major disappointment . The album starts off with the single , `` Sparks Are Gon na Fly , '' which only serves to beg the question - when ? Certainly not over the thankfully short 40 minutes . There are a couple of flickers of past greatness as we have come to expect from them , but overall the album falls flat . Even the once inspired lyrics of singer , Rob Dickinson , seem to have no direction . `` I love gasoline '' he professes on `` Gasoline . '' So?Tim Friese-Green has tried to install some kind of life into the production , in fact he is credited as `` devicing '' Wishville , but he must have been out of the studio when the , frankly , embarassing hand-claps were added to `` We All Believe . '' Maybe finding themselves in the corporate arms of Sony has added pressure on them to `` come up with the goods , '' but I would urge any Catherine Wheel neophyte to delve into the back-catalogue of Mercury Records to find gems such as `` Chrome '' and `` Happy Days . `` The final track , `` Creme Caramel , '' is a glimmer of former glories but it 's too little too late . I believe their long-time bassist , Dave Hawes , was relieved of his 4-string duties prior to the recording of this album . It seems the spark went with him
 This album is an absolute disaster . There is only a modicum of worthwhile talent displayed on this album . This album is so far removed from their former glory days that you have to ask what happened ? Anyone remotely interested in `` The '' Catherine Wheel would do well to look to prior albums . this one is a complete waste .
 truly a disappointment . and that 's only because Catherine Wheel need to be held at a very high standard . they have produced some fine masterpieces in the past , culminating with the show -LRB- and heart -RRB- - stopping Adam and Eve . additionally , when you have the huge talents of Tim Friese-Greene at your disposal -LRB- he created a large part of two other masterpieces , Talk Talk 's Spirit of Eden and Laughing Stock - get them -RRB- , you best not surface with mediocrity . well , they have . there 's no texture , no diversions , no heavily-lidded emotion , no cathartic , blissful moments of sound.new record label ... . firing of their bassist -LRB- ? -RRB- ... . many bands have tried to shake things up mid-career , hate to see another talented one follow the same fate.i 'm still a fan , but this album will surely go to the bottom of -LRB- the -RRB- Catherine Wheel bin for me .
 its amazing what adding a simple article can do to a person 's perceptions about an artist . no longer catherine wheel but instead THE catherine wheel , this band -LRB- now a threesome -RRB- has journeyed into a world of milquetoast soundscapes that are no better than the ilk that is being played ad nauseum on `` alternative-rock '' stations across america . the album is incerdibly boring . there is absolutely nothing on this album that connects with their prior albums . a departure from a standard/expected sound is good but only when it is an improvement . the album just tugs along slowly churning out arena-rock that is amazingly cold and bland . this album works only as a reminder of how great the earlier albums were . from the start of the first song , there is this annoying , churning repetive rhythm that mars the album in a sea of wasted intentions . there is absolutely no reason why a person should own this album . there is nothing worthwhile about it at all . wishville is a disappoinment through and through .
 Wow , this one just hurts.Amazing band , simply stunning in concert , and now this.I hope they 'll rebound . Stranger things have happened . For the moment , though , this stands among the most disappointing releases ever by a band that has had so much to offer in the past . `` Sparks are Gon na Fly '' and `` What We Want to Believe In '' are the only songs which led me to give this album even two stars , and even those decent tracks are but an echo of their predecessors.When your B-side compilation is more inspiring than your new release , you know you 're in trouble . So it is with Catherine Wheel .
 their last album , released in 2000 on columbia , is simply terrible . i know there are people that like it , but to me it sounds like a collection of b-sides from collective soul and better than ezra . crummy songwriting , their bassplayer leaving , & boring riffs = crappy album . coming after the career -LRB- and 90s -RRB- peak of ` adam and eve , ' this sounds doubly worse . a sad swan song for one of the best bands of the 90s .
 This is not the Catherine Wheel I listened to in high school.Not the Catherine Wheel whose brilliantly shoegazer lyrics mesmerized me and inspired me.Not the Catherine Wheel whose songs like Texture , The Nude , Black Metallic and Crank commanded me to go out and buy their music . `` Wishville '' is disappointing because you can tell that CW took some bad advice from someone at their record label , because if you did n't know better , you 'd think you were listening to a Bush album -LRB- no offense to Bush , though -RRB- . The lyrics are dull , the music is bland and just overall not a pleasure to listen to.I own thousands of CDs , cassettes and albums . This is one of the only CDs I have ever taken back to the store for a refund after purchasing it.Shoegazers , stay away from this one . End your CW collection with Happy Days .
 Do n't know how to report this to Amazon but track 17 is same as 16 on the MP3 download album ... Byrds fan , Jim
 I was hella disappointed . I thought this would be a cool CD from the cover , but basically there is no feeling in the production . Whoever put this together went low budget & is counting on the cover to sell some discs . Your basic new school junk , plus there are NO FAT TRACKS . What Spanish it has is just buzz word BS representing . If you want GOOD Rap in Spanish check Orishas - A Lo Cubano , Molotov , Control Machete - Artilleria Pesada ... Presente or one of the many other rappers who do it better .
 I was hella disappointed . I thought this would be a cool CD from the cover , but basically there is no feeling in the production . Whoever put this together went low budget & is counting on the cover to sell some discs . Your basic new school junk , plus there are NO FAT TRACKS . What Spanish it has is just buzz word BS representing . If you want GOOD Rap in Spanish check Orishas - A Lo Cubano , Molotov , Control Machete - Artilleria Pesada ... Presente or one of the many other rappers who do it better .
 This CD came up under the original soundtrack for the movie Guadalupe but it is not that . It is the soundtrack for the telenovela with the same name . I wanted the movie soundtrack . Amazon/sellers need to be more careful when listing merchandise .
 I have Full Collapse and War All the Time , both are what I consider excellent albums , and after reading all the reviews on this site , thought this album would be also . To be honest , after listening to it once , I do n't have any great desire to listen again , mostly because the sound quality is a big step down from their previous albums . I 'm not that picky in my music , but I do n't want a band like Thursday to sound like the garage band down the street . Maybe the lyrics are great , but I 'm just so distracted by the distinct decrease in sound quality that I ca n't appreciate the other parts . I would be OK if this was their first album , but it is n't , and I had some high expectations for this newest album . Unfortunately , it 's not quite what I expected or what I like .
 Relative to `` War all the Time '' and `` Full Collapse '' , `` A City by the Light Divided '' is a huge disappointment . Maybe it 's in the production or maybe the songs are simply not as well written , but the entire release lacks the melody and hooks that are prevalent in the earlier material . The Other Side of the Crash is clearly an attempt to build on Understanding in a Car Crash , but without the urgency and punch . There are a few decent cuts , such as Running from the Rain , but mostly the band sounds uninspired .
 You people are sheep.If a band is going to disappear for 3 years , and then decide to return with something 95 % different from what they 've even done in the past , I 'd rather they just disappear for good.I wo n't get into a long , winded review , or a potential pissing match with another reviewer , but I will say that `` city by the light divided '' is a complete transformation from `` full collapse '' , `` war all the time '' and even `` waiting '' . When I can safely compare thursday to U2 or Radiohead , it 's probably for the best that I forget they even exsist.But hey , that 's just my two cents . I 'm sure all the sheep , er , I mean ` fans ' who liked thrice 's vehissu will be all over a city by the light divided . Ca n't call it ` maturing ' , thursday were already there . Ca n't call it ` progress ' , cuz ' it 's not . ` Selling out ' ? ... maybe.I never thought I 'd write a bad review for a thursday record .
 i tried really hard to like this album . i ca n't do it . every one of the songs is tedious and anti-catchy . they 're like nails on a chalk board . i saw thursday in concert a couple of months ago and people did n't seem to know what to do during their new songs . typically a good song will make you want to tap your foot at a minimum . this album makes you want to set yourself on fire .
 This album would be great if Thursday was not the name of the band ... . But it isOnly at this velocity delivers what made them great in full collapse!They have went from screamo to emo to lamoAlso the drums sound like they have no mics on them where is the tight production we saw in the last two albums ??? Are the penny pinching or just getting lazy ?
 Anyone who thinks War All The Time or even Full Collapse are n't as good as City are CRAZY ! This record SUCKS fat balls . The mixing is terrible , and you ca n't hear geoffs voice in half of the songs . I did n't like Waiting , but I still think its better than this one . This is thursday at their worst.PS - Why has every follow-up from one or more of my favorite bands SUCKED this year ? I mean , first there 's Thrice . Then Yellowcard . Then Atreyu . Then hoobastank . Then less than jake . And now Thursday ? Hopefully the Underoath record wo n't suck , but I 'm not holding my breathe .
 This album was extremely disappointing . I 'm not one of those `` scene '' kids who listens to music because I like the lyrics or because the band members look cute in girl pants , but am a musician with an ear for originality and technicality . To begin with , the sound quality is unbearably bad ; the cymbals create a flood of distortion that drowns out everything else , except the kick drum which sucks out the sound of the cymbals . Second , the album sounds completely generic , as if they decided to jump on the talentless overfunded emo bandwagon with the likes of My Chemical Romance and Underoath , even though they have dominated their genre for years . There is neither rythmic technicality nor raw emotion nor screaming -LRB- or the screaming was so scarce that I did n't notice it at all -RRB- . They seem to be marketing to a different group
 Yes this album makes me want to set myself on fire . It is terribly produced.Anyone that can listen to this needs to wipe the junk out of their ears.Someone fire the audio engineer .
 i have to say the only thursday cd i like and continue to like is Full Collapse . A city by the light divided just seems to be a streached , worned out piece of all their past music.What i loved about thursday was thier ability to create something very experimental . every song in collapse had beautiful changes in melodies , it was one song changing and evolving differently until the very end.I feel a lot of the music that was `` emo '' just evolved into one single note , it lost all expirimentation and became pretty much a trendy mesh that keeps repeating .
 I also have been a huge Thursday fan , but `` A City by the Light Divided '' simply does not have the clout and teeth that `` War all the Time '' showed . The album just never seems to pick up the pace after the single , and immediately loses the listener 's interest . My advice to anyone who is a Thursday fan would be to
 pedestrian melodies , weak vocals , being a mediocre musician i dislike listening to music i could have easily whipped up in five minutes , if youre searching for good electronic bubblegum , go with cibo matto , not this dribble !
 I was lured into buying this CD knowing its relation to my favorite band , Belle and Sebastian . This `` band '' is nothing like B&S !!! Its bad techno !! It goes against everything that acoustic B&S fans stand for . It 's Scottish noise . I only wish someone could have warned me before it was too late ! Once again , this band has nothing in common with Belle andf Sebastian accept for Stuart who only sings on one or two tracks . The other vocalists are awful . BEWARE !!
 There 's some keyboard -LRB- portable Casio -RRB- , some distorted guitar , drum machine , pop vocals , and assorted sampling to create an unfinished , unmelodic , yet predictable pop sound . I thought I was going to turn to cheese when I heard that log-on-to-the-Internet sound actually sampled into an entire track
 Hey -- the guy from Belle and Sabistian is making an album influenced by electronic music . A fantastic next step ? The natural evolution of a great artist?Not even close . There is not one interesting track on this album . It is flavorless ear candy that does n't even stay in your head while the album is playing . Staurt David -- with Belle and Sabastian -- did two of the most beautful and memorable albums in my collection . He could have taken that band a step further , mixing their wonderful tunes with his eletronic experiments . Why is he wasting his obviously giant talent doing projects as boring and void of subtance and as Geometrid?If you like B&S -- DO N'T BUY THIS !
 When it comes to Looper , they 're not the kind of band you want to have a complete collection of . They 're a novelty band , and one CD will be perfectly sufficient . But this one album is NOT the one to own . Where `` Up A Tree '' was not musical genius , it was cute , it was fun , it put a smile on your face . It was n't memorable , but it was far from forgettable . It was a simple album , but it was fun . Where `` The Geometrid '' is more complex , and a tighter album , it lacks the charm that `` Up A Tree '' had . It is not memorable , it is very forgettable . The album is full of tracks that make you think `` Well it 's okay , lets hear the next track '' which for an album with good songs , that 's fine , but every song leaves you wondering what the next one sounds like . The biggest mistake was `` Modem Song '' which was written originally for a web site , using loops of the sounds of running modems to make the song . This song is techno for TV advertisements , and as I listened , I realized that so was the rest of the album . It makes the last album look very sparse , but along with the complexity comes the electronic cliches that leave you wondering why you 'd listen to this album more than once . The highlight of the album is `` Bug Rain '' but is hardly enough to get you to listen to it more than once .
 Bridgewater 's theatrical experience definitely works against her on this CD . The vocal posturing annoys and distracts . Her material is excellent , and her band really cooks . Drop the coy mannerisms and just sing , Dee Dee .
 I can not believe this CD got Grammy award . Only value of this CD is the first and last track in which T-Bone plays the piano . I respect 40s ' T-Bone Walker but not this one . This CD is just like tachno .
 CD of terrific Blues Music Mississippi Fred Mcdowell . His rhythms created the original rock and roll beat . This CD is very early and a good representation of his style .
 I bought this soundtrack and was very surprised about the collection of the songs . I missed some of the film . Others were performed by other artists . And some have nothing to do with the film . I think they were put on the CD to fill the disk !
 I ordered this CD when the tracks listed included Lobo , and the correct artist for `` Lean On Me , '' etc. . Once I got the CD , it had completely different tracks , and I wanted to hear tracks from the first two parts of the show . I am not happy with the final tracks for the CD . It was a let down .
 Here is the REAL track listing
 Well , I am really really disappointed with this CD . The tracklist is completely inaccurate and all the songs that you would really want , like Lobo or the `` Thank You '' song are missing . I am totally bummed . If you are looking for a song look it up by artist 'cause you ai n't gon na find it here .
 If you are REALLY in love with a specific song on this soundtrack , like the LOBO song for example , make sure you know what is REALLY on the CD before you order . This track list is not exactly accurate !
 THe song of the title menu sung by two women in the same beautiful style of THE FLOWER DUET from LAKM&Eacute; by Delibes , is Antonio Vivaldi 's Concerto in G major for two guitars/mandolins , ADAGIO . I do n't know who is performimg the beautiful song . I have been trying to find it in other CD but it seems almost impossible . can anyone help me ? israelonofre@yahoo.com.br
 I found this CD to be very disappointing . As I listened to it I hardly recognized any of the songs from the movie -LRB- which I loved ! -RRB- . In particular , I wanted to hear the song played during the love scene between Sharon Stone and Ellen Degeneres , but it 's not on this CD . If you want to hear that song , it 's titled Thank You by Dido on her No Angel CD . Take my word for it , do n't buy If These Walls Could Talk II CD , but definitely buy the No Angel CD .
 The `` original '' soundtrack actually had several of the songs listed as being on the CD , whether or not they were , you would need to find a copy of one of the first burned , before the movie hit HBO . Once it did , Dido , pulled `` Thank You '' , because it was such a hit and she did n't want people buying the soundtrack and not her new album ! I too went to a music store to look for it and found songs listed as being on it , but were NOT actually on the CD ! I liked the previous comment about , `` How can they call it a soundtrack ! '' It was quite disappointing !
 Fot those who are wondering the `` Thank You '' song is by Dido on the No Angel disc . Apparently not on this one though .
 If you want the songs from the movie , you 'll be disappointed with this CD . I ordered this CD expecting the tracks originally listed above . The list has since changed , and the version of `` Lean on Me '' is n't even the correct artist from the movie . The CD is n't the same without the variety of tracks included in the movie . There 's no Lobo or Doris Day . Just a few songs from the movie , and random club stuff . Someone needs to complain to Jellybean Recordings , Inc. .
 bit late , but here it is . The song on the jukebox at the bar is `` I 'd Love You To Want Me '' by Lobo . Do n't look here for it on this CD , try his Greatest Hits albums .
 Oh man . this ai n't easy to write , given that I have been a Johnny Mac fan for years , but `` Adventures In Radioland '' is NOT a good place to start for the curious beginner , and best left where you found it for long-time listeners.Same problems as the previous 80 's Mahavishnu outing , mostly weak tunes , lots of high-tech gimmickry , painfully cheesy 80 's sound quality -LRB- and those ABOMINABLE Simmons drums which sound like amplified pizza boxes -RRB- and precious little of the brilliance that Johnny Mac is typically known for . `` 20th Century Limited '' though is a notable exception and very welcome . `` Florianaplois '' suffers from a really cheesy sing-songy arrangement -LRB- not unlike something that would be played on a `` Smooth Jazz '' station -RRB- but oddly enough , it underwent a miraculous transformation with John 's trio just a couple years later and came out a fire-breathing piece of great music ! `` Reincarnation '' here with full snooze-inducing effect , was transformed by JM 's trio into a breathtakingly beautiful meditative piece . `` Just Ideas/Jozy '' here suffers from high-tech clutter , later gets reworked by the Trio and regains it 's plaintive funkiness . If only these original version were ANYWHERE near as good as the subsequent reworkings . The rest of the tunes are obviously calculated for radio-play at any cost , but just merely fall flat on their faces wallowing in gimmickrey and digital-synth overkill . The one thing different -LRB- though not enough to salvage the mess -RRB- is that JM wisely shelved that infernal Synclavier/Roland Digital Guitar Synth elephantine noisemaking miserable mechanism -LRB- read in Dr. Smith voice -RRB- . Here he straps on a Les Paul Special for the most part , but unfortunately , his tone is so painfully tinny , metallic and lacking in warmth.I will say this in its favor though , at least some of the tunes had good raw material that could be reworked into something substantial , otherwise , do n't bother .
 I love strung out . . they keep getting better and better . . until now . I do n't know what they were thinking , it 's overproduced and none of the songs are even that interesting . Some are metal and some are like , radio punk or something . Save yourself the disappointment and wait for the next LP , hopefully that will be better . In the meantime if you got ta get a new EP , go pick up the one by Good Riddance .
 I was pretty excited to get this CD . I 'm not sure what I was expecting , maybe another ` Suburban Teenage Wasteland Blues ' , which is what ` Twisted by Design ' was . I listened to this new CD several times , and I could n't stop thinking that parts of it sounded like some corny old Dokken album . I hope Strung Out continues to experiment and progress with their music , they 're just not going in the right direction on this CD . Leave the bleak , serious , ` thinking man 's metal ' to bands like the current Anthrax , they 're better at it .
 I fell in love with the strung out sound when I first heard the album `` suburban teenage wasteland blues '' . The albums energy was intense throughout . Every track was great . The next album , `` twisted by design '' was also quite energetic but only with a couple slower , average tunes -LRB- Still well worth the price -RRB- . I was eagerly awaiting the next strung out offering . This release , however , was quite disapointing . I ca n't put to words what 's wrong with it . There is still some energy there , but the hard edge is gone . They have progressed I suppose , but their sound has transformed into something I do n't much care for . I should give only one star , but I 'll give two just because their past albums were so excellent . I will be curious to hear the next one , but I wo n't rush out and but it . I 'll probably dl a few tracks to see which direction they 're going in first .
 another dime a dozen nu-metal bandnothing newsave your money
 I can only guess that youthful rebellion drove Carlton , whose dad is country music legend Charlie , to take up reggae . Inexplicably , he even sings in a Jamaican accent . This is pretty thin and embarrassing stuff
 You know , I just was n't impressed with this . I bought it along with the new Between the Buried and Me album and had to choose which one to listen on the way home before I had to go to work at 2 PM . One , an album by a spectacular band that I 'd been waiting for , the other a comedy album bought on risky impulse.I decided I could use a laugh today . I chose poorly.I love comedy and I love comedy albums that come from solid writing . This did n't do it for me . None of it seemed particularly clever . None of it really had any teeth either . Strange , I frequently find myself feeling disappointed with the stand-up material from guys who are known first and foremost for their TV show . This album jumped from subject to subject with no real rhythm . A number of subjects were on the verge of developing into an interesting theme but then it 's a switch to something else ... a switch with really no feel or sense of purpose . And then when in doubt , go for some wacky voices . But there is really nothing here that just jams itself into my memory the way material from Todd Barry or Patton Oswalt does.I 'm a guy who 'll run a comedy album into the ground happily but I really ca n't see myself playing this one again . And I WANTED TO LIKE THIS , I really did ... cuz I paid the bloody money for it . Ah , well , if that 's the worst thing that happens to me today , I guess I 'm doing OK .
 The album is riddled with recycled and watered-down standup cliches -LRB- everything from a take on the long-ago cancelled Osbournes show to a six minute bit where he talks with a wacky Chinese accent -RRB- . There are a few spots in which Kennedy shows promise of finding an original comedic voice , but it was obviously lost in the rush to get the album in stores while his show is still airing on MTV . It 's worth one listen for a few solid bits ... but if you 're looking to hear fresh takes the whole way through , then there are dozens of comics out there deserving to be looked at first .
 When I first bought this CD back in November , I showed it to my dad . He said he thought that it did n't look very good . He was right . Of the 15 tracks on this album , the only two good ones are `` When Your Lover Has Gone '' and `` Love me or Leave Me . '' The rest of the numbers are flat , and are not very up-tempoed . Also , the CD has very poor packaging , and looks like they were in a hurry to sell them in record stores . So , Ella fans all over the world-that 's you !!! - beware of this CD !
 `` I REST IN MY HOME DRINKING HUMAN WASTE , AND DRINKING THE URINE FROM MY DOG , I FEEL INSANE WHEN I DO THIS ... BUT I LIKE IT ! '' -- Resurrection 's hearfelt intro to `` Track # 2 `` I 'm on track # 8 as I write this . Remember , I listened to Resurrection so you do n't have to . You would have to be pretty pathetic to buy this . In my defense , I did get `` Embalmed Existence '' as a $ 0.99 special at a cut-out bin blowout . So , what 's your excuse , loser?In short , this band plays competent , but unimaginative death metal from 1993 . Normally that 's 3 stars , but I had to take one away for the annoying intros to tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and 9 . Imagine these kinda silly phrases said in a really hokey , high-pitched haunted-house voice before the requisite death metal chugging : `` In the beginning of time there was darkness , While I lay resting in my mother 's womb , I soon became a part of the light world , Young in body , evil in heart , With little love around , I became aware of DEATH!I should 've been executed early in life for the crimes my mind commits daily ... '' -- `` Track # 1 '' `` I watch the decaying bodies and minds of the old die slowly and I wonder what eeevil did they inflict on others they once knew . '' -- `` Track # 2 '' `` Some of us become surgeonsand cut flesh to heal the human carcass back to life ! '' -- `` Track # 4 '' `` How can I survive !?! Evil speaks to me every waking day!Realizing the monster that I have grown , I solemly promise to leave Eeeevil alone ! '' -- `` Track # 5 '' `` You can swindle your mother and just for a buck , You can turn into something vile and corrupt . '' -- `` Track # 6 `` Et cetera.The cover and the last track are pretty cool , though . Not surprisingly , the final song 's a cover tune -LRB- Kiss ' `` War Machine '' from Creatures of the Night . -RRB- They do tack on a dumba $ $ intro anyway , even though it 's not even their song . I leave you with the poetry of Resurrection : `` Some become Satan 's prostitutes , Raping themselves daily by doing his bidding -LRB- evil laugh -RRB- . ''
 Why bother picking this up when there are hundreds of other death metal bands out there that are serious about their music.Thankfully , this is the only release by this band.The reviewer who wrote `` this is a classic rarity of death metal '' must '' must like really cheesy death metal.You want classic death metal go pick up Cause of Death by Obituary , or Leprosy by Death , or Altars of Madness by Morbid Angel , or Seven Churches by Possessed .
 Beware - the MP3 album of `` The Leprechaun '' is missing the last song ! Actually , it 's the second half of the last song -LRB- `` Leprechaun 's Dream , Part 2 '' -RRB- . Not there . Amazon has said they will investigate the problem , but we 'll see if they ever get around to fixing this . They were gracious enough to refund my money , but I 'd rather have the missing track !
 Chick Corea was going through a bizzare,Scientology-induced musical madness at this point.Aside from the frantic funk-fusion of `` Nite Sprite '' the gimmicky syntheisizers usedin playing them other songs fall embarrasingly flat.Okay stuff for Corea to do with acoustic intruments but he has a far too mechanical way with electric keyboards and does n't tend top convay the genuine feeling , warmth or color this material deserves or that he 's noted for with them.He similarly hamperedthe musical progress of Return To Forever -LRB- see reviews -RRB- so wehave Chick Corea-brilliant jazz pianist-below average electrickeyboard interpretor.I do however welcome any opinion that differs because that is the problem with first impressions-youonly get to make one .
 This album was terrible . It was as if Chick was talking to his wife and said , `` Hey baby , why do n't you sing on my album ? '' and she was all like , `` Ok , but I really do n't know how to sing . '' Do n't buy this album . As a beginning Chick fan , I thought that all Chick Corea albums were good . I was dead wrong . After listening to this album , I was downright embarrassed for Chick , because I knew that he would look back on that album years into the future and just frown . Do yourself a favor and buy something better like Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy , or even the disco album , Where Have I Known You Before ? Spare yourself the humility
 Disappointed in the mix on this live performance . Many lead instruments are hard to hear . Lots of drum rhythms and vocals . Guitar , bass and piano are not well-balanced . Talking to audience during the performance is part of the CD , which gets old once you 've heard the chatting . Recommend going to studio work with better mix on his other CDs .
 Apart from the commercial upstarts -LRB- Qatar , UAE -RRB- , Lebanon is the most cosmopolitan country on the Arabian Peninsula . So it 's not surprising that a good bit of its music borrows from Western sources . Cases in point are two well-known oud players , Rabih Abou-Khalil and Marcel Khalife . Rabih invigorates contemporary jazz with a Middle Eastern flavor . Marcel , in my not-so-humble opinion , squeezes the life out of Arab music by embalming it in ersatz European mannerisms.Both Khalife and Charbel Rouhana are oud virtuosi , so when they 're whaling away together at top speed , assisted by the rapid rattling of Ali El Khatib 's tambourine , I 'll concede that some heat is generated . But otherwise I hear no traditional or experimental inspiration . In his album note , Khalife says that this recording `` brings forth a unique richness in Arabic music through the search for a new law of aesthetics to replace the old . '' I not only decry such pomposity , but sincerely hope that such a new aesthetic never takes hold.The total timing for these two discs is just over 78 minutes , something that , these days , could easily be accommodated on a single disc .
 According to `` Stan Getz - a life in Jazz '' , Stan had broken up with Astrud after an affair that wrecked her marriage to Joao Gilberto.None of them was speaking to the others . Each got up on stage with a different backup band , mostly they do n't play together . Like oil and water . The result is mediocre . A major disappointment after the perfect synchrony and intimacy of `` Getz/Gilberto '' . For completists . `` Jazz Samba 2 '' is a much better followup .
 Why did they have to screw it up?The vinyl recording is far better . This CD issue , which adds five cuts , is so much less pleasant to listen to because of all the unnecessary and distracting `` chatter . '' Three of the Getz-only numbers are among my favorites -- `` Grandfather 's Waltz , '' `` Tonight I Shall Sleep with a Smile on my Face , '' and `` Here 's That Rainy Day '' -- so I was particularly disappointed to find that , in order to listen to them on CD , I had to put up with all the non-music garbage.Too bad !
 I own 16 Volt 's Letdowncrush and there best album , SuperCoolNothing . I bought Fullblackhabit , because I enjoyed those other two albums of theres and especially because of the 10 reviews posted online here gave it an average of 5 stars . but having listened to it now , I really do n't understand . it 's really horrible , it has no soul and there is no musicianship in it . and it does n't have that dark and menacingly brooding feel to it . maybe the lyrics are dark and angry or whatever but so what . and the guitars are horribly dull and uninspired . nothing that sticks in your head.my favorite song on SuperCoolNothing was Do n't Pray , which had a dense and very dark sound and very good melody . I also enjoyed Happy Pill a lot and the first track on SuperCool . Two Wires Thin on Letdowncrush was also awesome.But there is not one song on Fullblackhabit I enjoy , its really horrible . no many how many times I listened to it , nothing changed . I ca n't believe its the same band . maybe they changed some band members , I did n't bother to check . All the songs have no soul whatsoever . If you liked any of there songs I previously mentioned , you will not find anything like it on this album . The songs are hollow and boring . The filler on Letdowncrush and Supercoolnothing is way better than anything on Fullblackhabit .
 Folks , if you know what the crew are about , do n't bother . These are essentially uncensored versions of their crude videos that appeared on `` Yo MTV Raps '' in the late 80s-early 90s . Pulchritude and raw sexism with a beat . The Japan section of the video referrs to a clip of a pornographic act on stage during a concert in Japan . Need I say more ? There you have it .
 pretentious twaddle ... the music isnt up to much either in terms of songs or melody and the lyrics ... oh please ! cod romanticism and ethereal nonsense . Someones been reading too much soppy female literature .
 Nice attempt at stardom . I found the music on this album very shallow . I usually enjoy music when it 's performed on-key , but that 's simply my preference . Perhaps the so-called `` serious car accident '' caused some brain damage . Good luck to Emily with the recovery , she obviously have a LONG , LONG road ahead of her .
 It sounds like it was recorded in a box car . It 's one thing to dial back the orchestration , it 's another to score it for a junior high show choir.I hope Evans and Russell got better together as they did more and more performances because there 's certainly no connection here.I did n't have an issue with the accents in the 1st act -LRB- The London cast recording of Into the Woods is equal to the original Broadway cast -RRB- but even with American accents in the 2nd act the words are supposed to rhyme.I 'm glad to support the revival of anything by Sondheim by buying the CD , but this is really terrible .
 I had hoped that a few things would happen regarding the score for this production . One was that more musicians would be hired for the recording . That did n't happen . Then I really hoped -LRB- and rather expected -RRB- that more musicians would be hired for the Roundabout Broadway revival . That , sadly , did not happen either.Perhaps I 'm unfairly comparing this production to the original , which I grew up on , but to my ear this recording sounds thin and the orchestra sounds lifeless . A shame , considering the extreme passion of the performers . But , even there , I feel that the tinny quality of the orchestra negatively affects the performances , as well . The supporting cast is good in Act One and intolerable in Act Two . The very deliberate American accents -LRB- most of them an odd combination of Southern and Western , despite the fact that this portion takes place in Chicago -RRB- are simply embarrassing , and get in the way of the performances.Jenna Russell is a stunning Dot and possibly -LRB- probably -RRB- the only person who could make me actually forget Bernadette Peters ' performance for the time being . Daniel Evans , while very impressive , is a little too effusive for the `` cold '' George of Act One . While this may have been a tactic to prove that he is not , in fact , a cold artist , one ca n't quite seem to understand , based on Evans ' performance , why others would consider him to be cold . However , his performance in the second act finally meets Jenna Russell 's . It 's a shame that these two performances should be captured in such a shoddy recording .
 I love Joe Williams ' voice . Every Day I Have the Blues is great . But the quality of the recording -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It sounds like it was recorded in the 1920s . I regret buying this cd .
 Listening to this album is an educational experience in the history of American music for one reason and one reason only
 Please be clear that I love Nancy Wilson . I only started collecting her music last year after seeing clips on Youtube . I think that she had one of the greatest voices in Jazz/Pop history . However I was dissapointed with '' Nancy Wilson Live from Las Vegas '' . She is not in good voice on this disc . It sounds like she is suffering from `` Vegas Throat '' . Her voice sounds husky , rough and tired . Her signature belting , breath control , flexibility , lovely soft notes , and vibrato are not present . In addition the song choices are not inspired , although I did enjoy her version of `` Black is Beautiful '' . If you want to hear Nancy Wilson live at her best , purchase `` The Nancy Wilson Show '' CD and/or the `` Nancy Wilson at Carnegie Hall '' DVD .
 This review is only about the `` delusions of fury '' part of the DVD , and not about the documentary.Since I already own the CD with the music for this DVD , The main reason for me buying this was the 5.1 surround option and the video.The video quality on `` delusions '' is pretty bad , and frankly , it is very boring , especially compared to the music.My second disapointment came from the soundtrack-I could not get the 5.1 option to work , no matter how hard I tried , I have the feeling that there is indeed no such option at all.If you do not know the music on this DVD , you should buy the excellent and mesmerising `` delusions of fury '' . If you do know the music on this DVD , dont bother buying it - there is no added value - the documentary is interesting , Partch is a genious with a capital G , but its not something I would sit and watch repeatedly .
 I liked Artanker 's other album , so I ordered this one with the expectation of it being just as good . As it stands , it seems like it wants to be better than it really is . I was surprised that there was a whole bunch of DVD extras and music videos , definitely a bonus , but the content was just underwhelming . If you like aimless semi-groove mushroom music , this is probably pretty good , but if you 're looking for something with a point , you might be disappointed . Maybe I 'm just not hip enough ...
 I originally heard Artanker 's album , Mature Fantasy , and was really interested in exploring more . That album is excellent , while this one is not . This album will sit in my collection without being heard .
 After listening to Andreas Bocelli and Eros Ramazzotti , I was looking forward to adding more Italian pop to my collection . I had heard Zucchero 's duet with Andreas and thought I would be happy with this CD . Nope . One or two songs were ok , but overall I did not enjoy it . Unfortunately , it 's headed to my `` mistake '' CD pile .
 George Thorogood 's slide guitar playin ' ROCKS ! The quality of this remastered SACD does not . The fidelity is so-so and fluctuates , and there 's anomalies . I thought that maybe that was the condition of the master tapes , but when I bought this album on vinyl it was perfect !
 I bought this CD used here from a dealer and never got the CD . I did get a refund but I wanted the CD why advertise if you do n't have it ?
 OK , I am not a musicologist etc. but am a long time fan of both Desmond and Mulligan so I was all set to love this album , but I did n't . Mulligan 's playing seemed lifeless and Desmond 's lyricism was not in evidence . This is probably unfair but they both seemed to just be going through the motions
 George Thorogood 's slide guitar playin ' ROCKS ! The quality of this remastered SACD does not . The fidelity is so-so and fluctuates , and there 's anomalies . I thought that maybe that was the condition of the master tapes , but when I bought this album on vinyl it was perfect !
 I bought this CD used here from a dealer and never got the CD . I did get a refund but I wanted the CD why advertise if you do n't have it ?
 My 2 year old grandson was n't interested . There is no dialogue , just noises used to communicate . Not worth the time .
 This cd was a huge let down . # 6 on the first cd -LRB- La Noche -RRB- is the best song one both cd 's . I was worried he would ruin the best trilogy in trance , and he did . ISOS 1-3 are incredible with 3 being my favorite . But this cd is just plain boring and bland .
 I seriously do n't think this cd deserves the avg rating it has got . This has got to be the `` worst '' in search of sunrise series by the ` so called # 1 dj ' Tiesto ... The very first song when crossfading with the second is patchy ... which means he cant get the basics right of beat matching . He could have at least perfected it in the studio before the release . -LRB- Im sure everyone who bought the cd agrees -RRB- . Also there is no proper direction in the music . The tunes are not catchy ... they are really boring ... and sounds like someone is learning to play the keyboard -LRB- except Coca & Villa - La Noche -RRB- , even the vocal tunes here are horrible.Tiesto has lost my vote for the top dj poll -LRB- paul van dyk was always # 1 for me and will always be -RRB- I regret buying this CD . And am depressed with the current state of trance music . Only Paul Van Dyk can cure me with his Politics of Dancing 2 CD .
 AGAIN TIESTO GIVES US ONE MORE REASON TO HATE HIM , WHY CAN `` T HE JUST GO AWAY AND LEAVE US ALL ALONE ?
 Being that I was born in a latin american country , listening to these tunes -LRB- original versions -RRB- I can safely say that Mr. Veloso 's representation of them are the weakest that I have ever had the mispleasure of listening , and I am a great admirer of Mr. Veloso 's works in his native `` portuguese '' .
 If you are a fan of the solo works of the individual members of ` the bears ' ; then you are in for a treat . Each offering here reflects the tendencies of the four corners in the ring
 I have submitted my review already ... . but please do n't print it if you feel it 's too mean or spiteful ... . Just 'cause I do n't care for George , that wo n't change nothin ' really ... . I just needed to vent a little .
 George Throrogood is a run of the mill bar-band talent that somehow got lucky and has seeped into the national limelight , and infected us all with his pounding one-dimensional frat-boy take on `` the blues . '' He 's not that bad , but he ai n't that good either , but I guess that 's what mainstream white-trash America thrives on . It 's loud and cocky and full of flavor , just like cheese-whiz and Cheap Beer -LRB- & they ai n't good for ya neither -RRB- . But at least Cheese whiz is an ORIGINAL flavor ! Big Bad Georgie on the other hand is a fraud . A thief in `` BluesGuy '' clothes who owes his entire career to some of the all time great ones like - Bo Diddley , John Lee Hooker , and Hank Williams Sr. . It is a pathetic commentary on the average American 's ingnorance of there own musical & cultural legacy , when in passing conversation they holler `` Oh , that 's a George Thorogood song ! '' when in fact it is ABSOLUTELY NOT !!!! It is the genius of these previously mentioned Songwriters . Unsung heroes , with timeless songwriting abilites , that shine on through and entertain us , despite George 's thick , stupid , `` got-drunk-at-the-pep-rally '' barfing , struting , screaming approach . He is one lucky mediocre bastard that George , and he owes a lot , to a lot of people . Grow up America ! Go back to school and Get some `` Class ! '' Go back to the sources like Bo Diddley , John Lee Hooker , Muddy Waters , Chuck Berry , and Ol' Hank Williams himself if you want to see some REAL style ... . if you want to know who is REALLY `` Bad to the Bone ! ''
 Well , if you missed this import single when it was released along with a handful more , you may fear you missed an Andy Bell gem . This track is a B-side for a reason . Totally inferior to anything on the full length CD . No , it 's not an electro house dance track like much of what you 'll find on the full length . It 's a short , sort of campy cabaret style track that uses what sounds like a real band , including acoustic drums , guitar , and even a horn section . If you simply MUST have everything Andy Bell sings , then you do get plenty of his vocal , but if you 're really more just about his classic dance sound , then pass on it . Ashame they could n't have just thrown it in as a bonus track on the domestic maxi-single release of Crazy .
 George Throrogood is a run of the mill bar-band talent that somehow got lucky and has seeped into the national limelight , and infected us all with his pounding one-dimensional frat-boy take on `` the blues . '' He 's not that bad , but he ai n't that good either , but I guess that 's what mainstream white-trash America thrives on . It 's loud and cocky and full of flavor , just like cheese-whiz and Cheap Beer -LRB- & they ai n't good for ya neither -RRB- . But at least Cheese whiz is an ORIGINAL flavor ! Big Bad Georgie on the other hand is a fraud . A thief in `` BluesGuy '' clothes who owes his entire career to some of the all time great ones like - Bo Diddley , John Lee Hooker , and Hank Williams Sr. . It is a pathetic commentary on the average American 's ingnorance of there own musical & cultural legacy , when in passing conversation they holler `` Oh , that 's a George Thorogood song ! '' when in fact it is ABSOLUTELY NOT !!!! It is the genius of these previously mentioned Songwriters . Unsung heroes , with timeless songwriting abilites , that shine on through and entertain us , despite George 's thick , stupid , `` got-drunk-at-the-pep-rally '' barfing , struting , screaming approach . He is one lucky mediocre bastard that George , and he owes a lot , to a lot of people . Grow up America ! Go back to school and Get some `` Class ! '' Go back to the sources like Bo Diddley , John Lee Hooker , Muddy Waters , Chuck Berry , and Ol' Hank Williams himself if you want to see some REAL style ... . if you want to know who is REALLY `` Bad to the Bone ! ''
 I have submitted my review already ... . but please do n't print it if you feel it 's too mean or spiteful ... . Just 'cause I do n't care for George , that wo n't change nothin ' really ... . I just needed to vent a little .
 Be careful before you purchase this CD . If you enjoy Cole Porter because of the creative tempos , the mix of rythmns and lyrics , the way that words play together , and the great melodies - then this is not your CD . The musicians are jazz specialists who see a tune only as the base for them to express their own attitudes , and they destroy Cole Porter by employing their own tempos and melodies and inserting long segments of instrument skill demonstrations that have nothing to do with the song . If you like Jazz , it 's probably decent . If you like Cole Porter , do n't waste your money .
 I can do nothing but reemphasize what the reviewers before me said -- these performers really do Porter an injustice by `` reinterpreting '' his melodies and lyrics . I originally had high hopes for this CD , but I should have read the Amazon reviews before getting it ... If you want great Porter , with authentic 1930-era bounce , I recommend the CD `` The Song Is ... Cole Porter . '' There is a whole series of `` The Song Is ... '' covering many different writers , and it is much better than the stuff here . But again , as the others said -- if you like hard jazz , this is the place to be .
 If you are looking for the quintessential Cole Porter collection , keep looking . If you 're looking for some classical renditions of Cole Porter favorites keep looking . What this is , in my opinion , is a collection of songs that were obviously easy to get royalty wise . A bunch of scat singing on the vocals by Ella Louie and Mel , and a bunch of challenges to the musical scales by improvisation-happy saxophonists . No Frank , Dean , Perry , Tony . In this collection you get Cole Porter lyrics but not enough Cole Porter music . Cole must be spinning in his grave so fast he could reach the center of the earth in a New York minute if he was interred vertically .
 . You 'd better listen to his original versions -LRB- in English -RRB- . .
 This disc was a majoy letdown . Not only did it seem like I was being taken around the same house and neighborhood -LRB- just from different angles and distances -RRB- but there was NO snow anywhere ! No snow !!! Sorry ... I 'm from New England , and the light displays on grassy and leafy yards just do n't emit that warm , colorful , reflective glow as on snow . The Christmas spirit was definitely lacking on this disc . One reviewer hit it on the head by saying '' ... but if you play this DVD while decorating your tree or opening gifts , only a Grinch would dare to complain . '' EXACTLY !!! As long as you DO N'T watch it , it 's decent -LRB- except for the Willie Nelson song ... UGH !!! -RRB- . So , tell me ... why not just buy a MUSIC CD instead ??? I feel Sights and Sounds of Christmas FAR exceeds this DVD on every level .
 Maybe it 's because I 'm from New England , where we actually see snow during the Winter months , that I really hated this DVD . Sure , there were plenty of Christmas lights to see , and some fairly decent music to listen to -LRB- Willie Nelson should have been left off this disc -RRB- but there is NO snow !! No SNOW !!! I saw maybe 2 seconds of snow falling beside I street light , and that was it . No kidding ! All the yards and ocean scenes and everything had NO SNOW ... just grass and brown leaves ! It did NOT feel like Christmas at all!The only Christmas DVD I 've really enjoyed , that truly captures the feel of Christmas , is `` The Sights and Sounds of Christmas . ''
 When I started watching this I was impressed with the display of lights on the houses and then after a few minutes I noticed we were back at same houses again ! It was as if the person filming this was driving around and around the same block , never leaving his neighborhood ! This is a sham , it takes a lot of nerve to build a video around the same 4 houses !
 If you 're looking for the original performances of Harry James ' classic songs , avoid this collection . This is a modern re-recording of his standards , and strictly instrumental versions at that - Frank Sinatra and Helen Forrest are nowhere to be found.If you 're looking for James ' original recordings , theSweet Swingcollection is a great , 50-song collection of the essential songs from the 40 's and 50 's .
 First and foremost I 'm a big fan of Van dyk , Tiesto , Oakenfold , and Van Buuren . This album by above & beyond is by far the wrost journey into trance I have ever been to in my life . It does n't come close to anything I recognize as trance . This is what I would consider the boring techno you would hear at a club and that you think it might get better after 10 shots of patron ... it does n't . To summarize , it is lack luster , anticlimatic and by no means a journey to Xanadu.I am very disappointed that I was finagled by the raved reviews it got on amazon . What is wrong with you people ?!
 I purchased this item from the Amazon MP3 store . Now I 'm no snob when it comes to classical music , or I would n't be purchasing collections of music rather than full pieces . However I would like to have some idea who performed the music . On each piece in this collection , the artist is identified as `` The Most Relaxing Classical Piano in the Universe '' . No specific pianists or orchestras are listed at all . In addition , the files have nothing in the composer field . It 's just blank . However , the composer 's name is listed ... in the name field . Just before the name of the piece . This just seems lazy to be honest . Nothing wrong with the music , but I prefer some honest effort to create proper files and I like to know who the performers I aam listening to are . -LSB- ... -RSB- No famous performers at all , but at least they get their name listed .
 I was hoping to find some nice calming , relaxing music to play in my classroom and home . This was a little too instrumentally loud .
 Hey , a new Franz Ferdinand album ? Oh wait , it 's Art Brut . Seriously , can it get any closer ? I guarantee you play `` Pump the Volume '' to the average Franzie and he 'll swear up and down that it 's got ta be them . Even the vocal inflection sounds ridiculously alike . It may seem unfair to criticize Art Brut for sounding like Franz Ferdinand -LRB- and Bloc Party , for that matter -RRB- when Franz borrowed heavily from all sorts of other groups ... and the fact that all these acts sprang up at roughly the same time . But the UK is so full of these bands now that someone needs to stop them . Preferably now because in about twenty minutes I 'm going to be sick of all of ` em.As the Art Wave continues to roll dominant over the post-punk/garage rock niche , Art Brut does what they got ta do even while they sound like a band just formed last Tuesday . They even had a 2004 single called `` Formed a Band , '' like it was done on a whim based on the artsy post-punk that was on the sharp rise . Oh , and that mildly enjoyable but not particularly distinguishable record is better than anything on this sophomore full-length . That they would take the `` too clever to be clever '' modus operandi as far as this -LRB- and on much of the slightly fresher Bang Bang Rock & Roll -RRB- is the very reason why they have no chance of surviving for much longer . I would mourn them if I would actually miss them . Meat is meat , but well-done ai n't rare . It 's a Bit Complicated is medium , boiled and left to dry under a heat lamp most of the way through , though they find some bloody goodness on parts of `` St. Pauli '' and `` Late Sunday Evening . '' Even `` I Will Survive '' manages a rolling beat that chugs along nicely beneath the sharp blasts . Too bad a lot of the rest is stringy and grey . `` Pump Up the Volume '' has the same sort of snarky humor that Elvis Costello displayed with his similarly titled `` Pump It Up , '' but the latter made you act against the instincts of the lyrics and , well pump it up -LRB- not in the way Elvis meant , though -RRB- . `` Volume '' floats by with the urgency of drying paint . It 's punchy , the almost-bored enthusiasm is marked off , and the rhythm is clearly defined -- it just never gels into a sticky melody . And singer Eddie Argos becomes insufferable over the long haul -- too jaded to inspire good times , too blank to be a ratty rouser , and almost entirely uncharismatic . The words need more wit and the tempos need more variety.Franz should be able to do it better ... damn it , I did it again . It 's unfair really . If Art Brut came first , I might say similar things about the others . Except that Franz does it better , with more style , drollness and hooks , and their , ahem , art is more brutish . This just sounds like the slick knockoff without the properly tuned spirit and energy . Luckily , I 'm not disgusted by it , just disinterested . It zips by with neither imprint nor identity . I ca n't imagine too many could actually hate this stuff , but it 's time to move on to something else at this point . After all of these bands and so little change to the formula , the next Franz record is going to automatically sound like crap.Best cuts
 I am a big , big fan of Bird , Dizzy , Miles , Monk , Mingus , Dolpy , Coltrane , Grapelli , and of similar jazz legends.However , on this record , I think a lot wastotally improvized , and perhaps , politicallymotivated , perhaps inspired by social orpolitical worries or pressures felt at thetime it was recorded , for example.There 's quite little jazz , in the jazz standardssense of the term , and a lot more improvization , not latino beats or even innovative Charlie Parkeror Dizzy-style creations , but bizarre , AustralAfrica beats and rhythms , that have nothingto do with North America , Cuba or even CentralAmerican beats . I do n't object to a rabid passionof African rhythms shown here , it 's just that I did n'texpect standard jazz to improvize almost entirely , onone album , on African beats alone . And I do meanimprovize ... and poorly , at that . Perhaps Dizzy atthe time , to strengthen African American civil rightsfelt he needed to release an album underlining Africanrhythms to bring attention to political motivationsor tensions.But , essentially , this 2CD is boring , a bit embarassing , and a waste from the failed improvization by the orchestra .
 I was thrilled to buy this DVD especially based on the reviews I read so I was SHOCKED when I played the concert for myself & some friends . All 4 of us , female fans in our 30s to 40s were very disappointed with Mary 's performance . Basically , she sounded terrible . I never knew that Mary was a studio baby but her LIVE sound is awful . It was just over an hour of screaming . The band was n't that talented . And she did n't do a grand production with costume changes , fancy sets or dancers like other singers who basically do n't need all that artifice because they can sing ! Quite frankly , I needed to be distracted by something else because her sound was disturbing.I own concert dvds of Beyonce , Tina Turner , Janet Jackson , Madonna , Micheal Jackson , Prince , USHER , Cher , and others . I know a good concert when I hear it , even an okay concert . THIS concert was BAD.Buy Mary 's albums and stay happy .
 this recording is NOT comparable to JRB 's `` Songs For a New World . '' The accompaniments are nowhere as interesting and the lyrics/storytelling , along with the endless melodies , are nothing short of cloying . As for the reviewer who mentioned that Mr. Bucchino is an up and coming B'way composer , it must be noted that he has now had but one show on B'way , A Catered Affair , and many of these tunes are recycled from many years past . A cabaret artist maybe , but this endless ballad style would never make it past the public at large
 If you have a taste for hyper-earnest sentiment and treacle , this is the CD for you.If the very notion of some `` spiritual '' composer navel-gazing and pondering life as `` The Artist at 40 '' makes you gag , run in the other direction !!!
 Although there are a few moments where the sentiment works with the music , this is very poor craftsmanship , in my opinion . The lyrics are full of psycho-babble phrases , -LRB- therapist references and all -RRB- really wordy - and as any hack knows - if you place dense lyrics on complex musical phrases - you get ponderous overfull stuff.And this music is complex . Whereas the track THIS MOMENT is deceptively simple and works very well . But the rest of the CD . . ??
 21/2 Another bloated Bass-capade that 's not without its melodic punctuality but by and large limps and lingers to merely moderately moving music .
 ... or , `` Blown Save , '' depending if you take the title of Sanborn 's latest disc to mean `` closer , '' as in `` nearer to , '' or `` closer , '' as in `` bringing to completion . '' Taken in the first sense , Closer is farther away from real jazz than even his last disc , Time Again , which at least sought to approach jazz , and did a halfway decent job of it . Taken in the second sense , Closer does nothing to bring to completion the jazz project . Instead it fails to operate on even the barest minimum of jazz criteria and sensibilities . It reminds me of what my son once said to my wife when asked about a sports score
 One of the reasons I absolutely adored the film `` Friday Night Lights '' was its exuberant , energetic , hard-driving , yet incredibly versatile soundtrack . Granted , the director and producers of this movie were very much enchanted with the haunting , often moving , guitar instramentals from west Texas indie band Explosions In The Sky , yet I never dreamed this entire motion picture soundtrack would be almost exclusively devoted to this band . There are more incredible sounds -- much , much more -- in the movie that enhance its excitement and ambiance ; unfortunately , several of them are left off this most disappointing CD.I 've watched this film several times , and absolutely love the music that accompanies two very important scenes . The first scene , `` Playoff Time in Texas , '' is augmented by ZZ Top 's `` Just Got Paid . '' But it 's not on this CD . And the heart-pounding single `` New Noise '' by Refused -- the very song that helps create the nuclear tension of the State Championship Game between Odessa Permian and Dallas Carter -LRB- the reason I ordered this CD -RRB- is awol , too.Huh?I will give Explosions In The Sky much credit ; their stuff very effectively enhances the bittersweet euphoria and pain of the story . But their music only succeeds when presented behind the scenes of stirring visuals ; just listening to it , it rapidly becomes redundant , bland , boring . In fact , so many of the tracts are -LRB- to me -RRB- completely indistinguishable.So the original motion picture soundtrack of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS greets me as a major disappointment . On the positive side , two cuts -- `` Sonho Dourado '' by Daniel Lanois and `` Seagull '' by Bad Company -- are very satisfying . Yet none of the music that enhanced the fever pitch of this film is included . Very disappointing . -- D. Mikels
 the name of the song atthe beginning of the dallas carter game is refused
 hey coley there were two songs at the house party or actually 3 the first was it 's tricky by run dmc off their album raising hell . . the second was black steel in the hour of chaos by public enemy off their album it takes a nation of millions to hold us back ... i may be wrong on the album name though . . and last but not least motley crue 's do n't need nothing but a good time . . hope this helps ya out ... the good music is MIA on the soundtrack so people save your money !!!!
 When did it become such a horrible thing to express an OPINION ? Many of the individuals who have posted reviews to this product since my initial review have made attacks to myself and others for saying that we SIMPLY DO NOT LIKE THE MUSIC ON THIS CD ! Geez people get a life ! Human nature and common sense should tell you that not everyone has to like or appreciate the same things . I am quite sure that EITS are very talented artists and represent post-rock very well BUT I do not like this music and I do not feel that it represents the idea of Texas high school football -LRB- not that a movie about high school football MUST have a soundtrack that accomplishes this - but hey it would have been nice -RRB- . Once again THIS IS AN OPINION - it is not a fact that everyone must adhere to . If you like EITS , post-rock and this soundtrack that is GREAT - BUT REALIZE THAT NOT EVERYONE DOES AND THE WORLD WILL NOT END BECAUSE OF IT!Unlike some individuals I actually respect everyone 's opinions - and I do not have to call you idiots or morons because you disagree with me - kindly return the favor and keep some things to yourself . FYI - in Texas we call that `` minding your manners . `` Original Review : Being from Texas means that you must be a huge fan of high school football . Since both apply to me , I recently saw the movie and really enjoyed it . The background music and other soundtrack related issues were pretty good in the movie - several catchy tunes and marching band performances . As a result of this I decided to buy the soundtrack . However - nothing that can be considered good from the movie shows up on this soundtrack . This CD basically has nothing but an instrumental piece that repeats itself from track to track - it is slow and rather dull . I was listening to it while driving and had to turn it off before falling asleep at the wheel ! The one track with words is `` Seagull '' and it falls in line with being slow and dull as well.To those who produced this soundtrack I ask you to get real ! The movie is set in Texas - West Texas to be specific - where high school football is king - it is loud , smashmouth , eventful , and energetic - this soundtrack is the polar opposite . Besides , there are no `` Seagulls '' in West Texas either!If you liked the movie -LRB- which I feel many people will -RRB- do not assume that the quality / energy you saw will extend to the soundtrack . I bought the soundtrack at Wal-Mart , their `` listen before you buy '' system did not have data for this CD , and as of today 's date Amazon does not have this option either - now I know why !
 I also recently saw this movie , and it was an excellent film , but the soundtrack simply was NOT FITTING -LRB- or even good , for that matter -RRB- to the onscreen action . I believe some band called `` Explosions in the Sky '' did the majority of the music , and if I had the chance , I would personally ask them to pack up their instruments and stop making music . It 's apparent that these guys are not from Texas and know nothing about what high school football means to people around here -- Introspective 3-note pieces of `` music '' that simply repeat themselves for 5 minutes at a stretch are not only unrepresentative of the film , but barely constitute as `` music . '' Could n't the film makers have gotten an exciting group like Nickelback or Creed to contribute something to this soundtrack instead of these untalented nobodies that no one has ever heard of?The film score is n't bad , but unfortunately , it 's not included here on the soundtrack.I would have given this soundtrack zero stars , or even negative stars for that matter -LRB- yes , it is that bad -RRB- , but that option was unavailable . As for the movie , go see it , and try to ignore the horribly out-of-place `` music '' that clouds the oncreen action .
 This is not the CD I was looking for ! I have to agree with B. Mikels
 Do n't you hate it when you hear a song while watching a movie and its like the coolest song you have ever heard and then you go and dowload it and its lost it magic ?
 Get this if you 've never heard of Explosions in the Sky . . Maybe , just maybe , you will be introduced to a new band that can do incredible things for you - that is if you have some sort of attention span , and respect for what beauty via audio would want to do for you ! . . If you are a fan however , and are looking for a good addition to your collection , steer clear , as the majority of the songs are variations on themes from their real , infinitly better albums . .
 I bought this cd as a fan of Explosions in the Sky , not a fan of the movie . A lot of the songs on this soundtrack are only chopped up/switched around versions of the band 's full length songs from other releases . It does n't have the same raw energy that the other releases do , and it 's very over produced . I would n't recommend this to fans of the band , unless you are a die hard fan and absolutely have to own every EITS release .
 I saw Friday Night Lights and thought it was amazing -- so much more than another football movie -- and found the choice of accompanying music to be exceptionally captivating . So I started to explore the sounds of Explosions in the Sky , the guitar/instrumental/indie band behind the majority of the soundtrack . I LOVE THIS BAND !!! Their music is unlike anything else . I currently own all of their albums and listen to them with much satisfaction.HOWEVER !!! THE FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHT 'S SOUNDTRACK IS A HORRIBLE REPRESENTATION OF EXPLOSIONS IN THE SKY 'S TRUE SOUND . The band 's other albums and EPs are BRILLIANT , consiting of songs that are each 7-12 minutes long -- intricate masterpieces that grow and develop , fade and crescendo , always building and building and building . And just when you think you 've reached the climax of the song 's emotion , the upsurge only increases . IT WILL BLOW YOU AWAY !!! This soundtrack , on the other hand , is NOTHING like the awesomeness that fills these other works . The average song is only 3 minutes long , some as short as 2 minutes , leaving absolutely no room for growth , no room for development , no room for anything except simple , monotonous guitar rhythms boring enough to fall asleep to . And that is pretty much all this soundtrack is good for.If you liked what you heard in Friday Night Light 's , my advice is to leave this page within the next 30 seconds . Search Explosions in the Sky and buy one of their CDs . It is there you will find what you are looking for , not on this worthless soundtrack .
 G Dub , the name of the song is A Poor Man 's Memory by Explosions in the Sky
 When I first spied this gem I knew it would either be really cool , or truly awful . Guess which is the case ? As if the album title and cover do n't tip you off that pretentious ' 80 's prog-rock lies within , the credits begin with the line , `` Arranged , Composed , and Performed by
 Interesting collection of music , but the fidelity is really terrible . I am not sure if it could be remastered , but the way it sounds now is disappointing . If you are not interested if hi-fi sound and you love Krupa , then you will be satisfied since there are lots of drum pieces in the recording .
 Mon 27.12.2004 21:37 The website music samples should tally with the music titles.Wrong tally makes for difficulty in hunting for the tune that I want.Please ignore the rating.Regards , Justin - Edinburgh
 This is far from being the best NRBQ album available . As the `` best bar band in the world '' , they have made a series of loose but imaginitive and fun recordings . Later , when they tried to make `` serious '' recordings , some of the fun may have been missing , but this was made up for by top-notch writing and interesting arrangements . This project is neither tight nor fun . `` Me and the Boys '' is perhaps the only memorable song . The singing and playing are lacksidaisical , and overall it seems like the whole band would rather be elsewhere . You might want to skip this one unless you are a die-hard fan .
 Contrary to what the one other person who reviewed this said , it does NOT sound anything at all like Latin American ethnic music . If you want that , scope out a CD called Flutes of the Andes . This stuff sounds more like the funky music they recorded for the original Star Trek series for when they encountered weird alien cultures . Bad , bad , BAD !
 Listening to this album made me question my own life . It is simply unoriginal , boring and really bad . Save your money .
 This album sucks . The song are soooooooo boring . it 's just like listening to cold play but even cold play being on drugs , because sometimes people do n't do things as well when they 're drunk or on drugs . So , if cold play was on drugs they would not play good music and they already suck and levy is like way worse than cold play so what that does that say about their music . It 's just so bad . the guitar player needs to take more lessons , maybe from the lead guitar player from new found glory becuase he rocks . ok that 's all.Jason Mitchell
 With so many rip-off acts out there these days , Coldplay being one of the biggest offenders -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- ... it 's a shame to find a band that is copying off of a copier ... Coldplay . That 's not to say there are n't any original themes at all on this record , but the overtones of pop music riffs and subject matter dominate.The high point is the title track , Rotten Love , where they find a bit of success and find a sound of their own , to create a decent slow MOR ballad , perfect for mix radio or possibly even college radio listeners.A Coldplay fan would probably like this album , but I would n't recommend it for anyone searching for a bit of substance in their music .
 I came across LEVY 's profile on a popular personals/music website , and I found nothing but good reviews and great comments , so I decided to spend my extra birthday money on their album . As I sat and listened to it , I kept wondering if I accidentally received the wrong CD ; everything I heard sounded like Coldplay . Now , I do n't have anything against cover bands , but when you copy someone else 's music , you should at least give them proper respect and acknowledge that you 've made their music into your own . On this album , LEVY mimicked much of the trademark guitar sound and texture of Coldplay . Much of their personally filtered reviews taunt their work as completely original , and at times , they even sound as if LEVY might be musically revolutionary or something . In regards to the actual musical content of the album , I find it lukewarm , stale and , well , plain boring . Steer clear of this one if you 're looking for something new and different.After seeing several reviews stating this Kenny Anderson guy wrote my review , I figured I should add a realname tag to show that more than just Kenny Anderson thinks Levy sucks .
 I was given this CD from my sister , who knows I love to dig into up and coming bands . I was not impressed . The only song I found to be fairly original , in at least the sound , was In the Woods , which I would n't list as the fulcrum this album turns on . The remainder of this album disappointed me with its appeal to emotion that was trying a little too hard -LRB- as is the style these days -RRB- , hammering out repeated chords and vocals that have that familiar deep delicate sound . Now , I do n't like Coldplay . I do n't have any of their albums . I hate to say this , but it almost sounds like Levy is really trying to pull off some Coldplay covers . Make sure you listen to the samples before you buy this CD , because I 'd hate for someone to accidently buy A Rush of Blood to the Head Part II .
 I consider myself very knowledgeable about music
 This is far from being the best NRBQ album available . As the `` best bar band in the world '' , they have made a series of loose but imaginitive and fun recordings . Later , when they tried to make `` serious '' recordings , some of the fun may have been missing , but this was made up for by top-notch writing and interesting arrangements . This project is neither tight nor fun . `` Me and the Boys '' is perhaps the only memorable song . The singing and playing are lacksidaisical , and overall it seems like the whole band would rather be elsewhere . You might want to skip this one unless you are a die-hard fan .
 I just wanted to be able to write my review now before others do so hopefully you 'll see this . To be 100 % truthful i would say that i did not enjoy this cd for even a second . I ca n't stand people-critics-whatever , say that this is `` hip '' these days and these two artists are trying to `` bring back the sounds of the past '' if you ask me this cd is just pure rubbish , it furthermore proves that as time progresses , it takes less and less talent to form a band . This is what you get what you scrape two artists from the bottom of the barrel , teach them a couple chords -LRB- just enough to play with modest mouse and incubus -RRB- and watch it all crash and burn . Maybe i 'm just a tad harsh , it just angers me when music is this bland and a lack of talent is so clear ... I hope this is the only arthur and yu cd to come and i hope noone gets any inspiration from these two either ...
 Long before it was fashionable , this all-sister New England garage band produced and released their own brand of Do-It-Yourself indie rock . They did n't let anything stand in their way . Little details like meter and tuning never deterred them from getting their message across . Includes the outsider anthem `` My Pal Foot-Foot '' .
 Long before it was fashionable , this all-sister New England garage band produced and released their own brand of Do-It-Yourself indie rock . They did n't let anything stand in their way . Little details like meter and tuning never deterred them from getting their message across . Includes the outsider anthem `` My Pal Foot-Foot '' .
 How strange that so many respect this music as genius , and think that it is wildly original . Original it is not -- it represents what we all do before we learn tradition and technique . What is original is that someone chose to record and market it , and the lyrics have a certain strange attraction ; but the music itself is no mark of brilliance . It has a bizarre naivete that makes one smile or grimace in wonder , but it certainly does n't rank as more important than the Beatles , regardless of what Frank Zappa might have said . Nor are the performances particularly impressive , or incapable of reproduction . No , The Shaggs play music like someone mostly untrained in music , pure and simple ; their results are much the same as anyone would get who had no technique , no concept of intonation or rhythm or traditional melodic structure , or in fact most anything beyond the basic instrumentation of a rock band . One reviewer here challenged drummers to play like this , and certainly it would be difficult to play it from notation , but if you simply give a kid drumsticks and let them have at it , these are pretty much the results you get . Music teachers hear it regularly ; as one who often works with students in their first attempts at group improvisation , I know . Nonetheless , for many of us who have become far removed from this , the Shaggs display a certain breathless magnificence ; their story , as told by Susan Orlean in The Bullfighter Checks Her Makeup is tragic , though . It 's completely questionable whether this music represents anything the girls wanted to do or if it is entirely the result of a domineering and possibly abusive father 's demands . As such , the sweet charm of the songs disolves completely and one is left with an unpleasant , even repulsive aftertaste . That this is broken music from a haunted family seems born out by the lyrics to Philosophy of the World , which claim that `` You can never please anybody in this world . ''
 C'mon . I wanted to like this . I love primitive music , from the Sonics to the Ramones . But the Shaggs music is beyond primitive . It 's garbage . And it 's not of the `` it 's so bad , it 's good '' variety . It 's so bad , it 's terrible .
 The Shaggs ' first album `` Philosophy Of The World '' is an oddity to be sure , and a bizarre , yet bizarrely fascinating piece of rock history . But anything beyond that , and that means this release belabors the point far beyond what is even remotely necessary . Skip it .
 if pre-fab singers like britney spears , mariah carey and the backstreet boys were thrown in a studio and given a bunch of instruments and told to record , the end result would sound something like this .
 I heard about this and had to have it . It was the worst CD I have ever lisitened to . Sounds a lot like little kids banging on pots and pans in the kitchen . Do n't waste your money ! someone is making a lot of money on this crap cd . I resold it on ebay about 10 seconds after I played it .
 If you 've heard a bit about the Shaggs and are intrigued there are two things to do .1 -RRB- Listen to the sound clips offered by Amazon2 -RRB- Read the fascinating article in the September 27 , 1999 issues of THE NEW YORKER magazine.Beyond that ... well , there really is nothing left . Do n't bother spending your money on this . I may be amusing the first time you her it , but there are better uses for your fifteen bucks .
 How can any of you people honestly think this qualifies as music ? This `` music '' does not grow on you . As if listening to it more than once is even appealing to anyone with any musical taste or talent.This stuff is not so bad that it is good . It 's just flat out excrement . Did they just pick random words out of a dictionary and put them together to form lyrics ? I have met parakeets with a more defined vocabulary.The fact that people have actually purchased this piece of garbage makes me weep for the future . And scarier than that , some of them liked it , and then gave it 5 stars ! I have lied awake at night with the song `` My Pal Foot Foot '' haunting me like a Stephen King story.I came close to destroying my entire CD collection , and breaking my own ear drums with a knitting needle . I ca n't believe this exists . Worse yet , I actually had to give it 1 star to be able to post a review . Sad indeed .
 All evidence indicates that the Shaggs were a case of three daughters being browbeaten by their domineering father , Austin Wiggin Jr. , intro becoming a hit girl band , whether they particularly wanted to do it or not . Some lyrics were written by the parents but credited to the sisters to beef up the illusion they were a regular group . You folks getting into the `` innocent self-expression '' of the Shaggs should think about all this . At the very least you should feel bad snickering at them ever again .
 The hipsters can praise this all they want , but they KNOW it 's crap and praising it just helps in their desperate desire to feel so smug and superior to mere mortals . I can guarantee you that few of them actually own a Shaggs album and of those that do few ever listen to it . This applied to Zappa too.Sure , it has a sincerity missing in so much of today 's music , but sincerity alone does not make music -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- listenable . Intrigued by this band 's story ? That 's understanding , it is a fascinating one . But if you still feel a need to hear this stuff save yourself a lot of dough and go with the sound clips . They 'll tell you everything you need to know .
 This is like hearing children play music for the first time . This is talentless on many levels . waste your money if you must .
 Absolutely spectacular sound , - the cello has warmth and bit and at times the timpani make you want to jump out of your seat . Having said that , thats all there is . The music is bloated , dull , repetitive and uninteresting . Either full of sound and fury , signifying nothing or else moodily quite in pseudo-profound style but signifying just as little . A sonic spectacular , but only if you arent interested in -LRB- the -RRB- music .
 You 'd think that , Ma being my favourite cellist and Williams being my favourite composer of this century , this album would be at least a semi-hit -LRB- with me , anyway -RRB- ... But it 's not great -- at all . Some parts are almost boring , others are too demanding of the listener 's attention -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- . I am quite disappointed with this CD ! Could 've been amazing !!! If you love what you know of Williams , you might want to take a sneak preview before buying ... it 's not his average stuff ! No knocks on either musician -- just not at all their best work !
 First , I 'll admit up front that very little concert music for classical orchestras that has been written in the past 40 or so years appeals to me . Still , I 'm a fan of John Williams , and I thought I 'd check out some of his `` serious '' efforts . Therefore , I picked up this CD not expecting to like it terribly much.I did , however , like it more than I had expected . While I was bored by `` Concerto for Cello and Orchestra '' and `` Elegy '' -- they were exactly what I exected to find -- and only slightly more impressed with the solo cello pieces , `` Heartwood '' is an excellent piece of music . It alone did not make me want to start cleaning my office or reach for the `` skip '' button.Like so much contemporary music for orchestras , most of what is on this disc is more fit for background static than actual attentive listening -- and I feel odd saying that , as I often comment the exact opposite about the orchestral versions that are released of Williams ' film scores -- but `` Heartwood '' is the exception to this general comment . If the entire disc had been like `` Heartwood , '' it wold have gotten Four Stars . As it is , the stars it is getting is for `` Heartwood '' alone .
 Absolutely spectacular sound , - the cello has warmth and bit and at times the timpani make you want to jump out of your seat . Having said that , thats all there is . The music is bloated , dull , repetitive and uninteresting . Either full of sound and fury , signifying nothing or else moodily quiet in pseudo-profound style , but signifying just as little . A sonic spectacular , but only if you are n't interested in -LRB- the -RRB- music .
 When buying this CD I expected the same type/style of music I heard when Yo-Yo Ma played the theme from `` The Patriot '' at the Grammys . What I got was definitely not what I expected - somewhere between the vocal cacophony in the first part of `` 2001 - A Space Odyssey '' and a Berg piece - not quite just noise , but definitely atonal.Amazon needs to refine its recommendation list since this one showed up as something I 'd like . I enjoy Yo-Yo Ma as one of the finest cellists performing today , and have heard him live with Emmanuel Ax , and I usually go to a movie that has a John Williams score even if the story does n't look like something I 'd enjoy . Unfortunately , this looks like asparagus and chocolate sauce - I like each individually , but the combination does n't look appetizing .
 Listening to this is about as much fun as drilling teeth.The music sounds as if it is played off-key . It seems at times to actually hurt the ears and emotions.Two stars for attempts to sound good .
 I have been a huge John Williams fan for over 25 years and I am a recent Yo-Yo Ma fan . The new cd `` Yo-Yo Ma plays the music of John Williams '' was an extream dissappointment . I did not like one song on that CD . Use your money to purchase other John Williams music or Yo-Yo Ya music .
 This would be a reasonable purchase for one with intense desire to complete a Yo-Yo Ma or John Williams collection . However Williams ' cello concerto presents many problems for the listener , with poor development and often monotonous forays into atonalism . The technical aspects of the recording and Ma 's performance are excellent , but far more beautiful compositions have been written for this instrument .
 This recording is very short . For reasons I wo n't go into here I needed an audiotape . Only 2 tunes on each side . All four are Christmas carols . Disappointing .
 Well , I just got the documentary `` Broadway The Golden Age '' on DVD , and though there are some nice interviews , it 's disappointing . Do n't waste your money.First of all , the central premise of the film is that the 1950s and 60s were the pinnacle of the history of American theatre and that where we are now sucks . So many of the people interviewed are long past their prime , and they spew out a long litany of gloom and doom about how awful the American theatre is now -- and they make the huge mistake of equating the American theatre with Broadway . When they were working , Broadway was it , but today there are thousands of professional theatres all over America , doing exciting work ! And they act as if that does n't even exist.I think too many people forget how many utterly forgettable , mediocre musicals and plays opened -LRB- and quickly closed -RRB- on Broadway alongside the classics we all know now . And it 's sad to me that these people who worked back then do n't realize how thrilling the American theatre is right now -LRB- even though Broadway is no longer the center of that universe -RRB- . And they forget that a big part of the reason it was all so magic to them is that they were KIDS fulfilling their dreams -- of course that was more magic to them than going to see a show today ... This documentary maker believes that HAIR was the beginning of Broadway 's downfall . What a crock . To discount the Hal Prince-Stephen Sondheim masterpieces of the 70s , the Kander & Ebb masterpieces , the brilliant work of the 90s , the amazing surprises of the new millennium from the New Generation , seems to me to be nothing more than ignorance.There are other disappointments too . The film maker really wants it to be about him -- he starts the film with a short bio of himself . What 's that about ? And there are a lot of minor factual errors in the film , like the assertion that `` Les Miz '' takes place during the French Revolution -LRB- it does n't -RRB- . It makes me crazy that it 's considered such a tragedy that kids today would n't be interested in an Irving Berlin musical . Of course they wo n't ! We do n't drive Edsels and we do n't use Underwood typewriters anymore either -- why should today 's kids have to love music from 60 years ago ??? In 1950 , kids would not have wanted to see `` HMS Pinafore '' -- why is that so tragic ??? Like I said , I would not recommend this -- there was very little new info in it , and it just left me angry that all these people have so little respect for the theatre being created today ...
 i finally got around to trying to play the DVD and a message pops up that says it is not for my geographical region . What is that about ? I live in Colorado . There is nothing on the box that indicates this . I am trying to return the DVD!I saw the PBS special , and it was great ! just ca n't watch it now . Argh !!
 It 's terribly boring . period.This DVD makes me fall asleep very easily.Too many interviews and the video quality is really bad .
 Sometimes you buy an album for That One Song and hope to that That Song and a few others that are as good as That Song . Sometimes you only get That Song . I only got That Song . Not bad music , just not represented as a whole well by That One Song . If more of the songs were uptempo I 'd probably listen to this album and not rest cold drinks on it .
 While I love Billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . Since the reviews should focus on one CD , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that Billie was used to making for a very uneven collection .
 Long before it was fashionable , this all-sister New England garage band produced and released their own brand of Do-It-Yourself indie rock . They did n't let anything stand in their way . Little details like meter and tuning never deterred them from getting their message across . Includes the outsider anthem `` My Pal Foot-Foot '' .
 Long before it was fashionable , this all-sister New England garage band produced and released their own brand of Do-It-Yourself indie rock . They did n't let anything stand in their way . Little details like meter and tuning never deterred them from getting their message across . Includes the outsider anthem `` My Pal Foot-Foot '' .
 The Shaggs ' first album `` Philosophy Of The World '' is an oddity to be sure , and a bizarre , yet bizarrely fascinating piece of rock history . But anything beyond that , and that means this release belabors the point far beyond what is even remotely necessary . Skip it .
 I heard about this and had to have it . It was the worst CD I have ever lisitened to . Sounds a lot like little kids banging on pots and pans in the kitchen . Do n't waste your money ! someone is making a lot of money on this crap cd . I resold it on ebay about 10 seconds after I played it .
 if pre-fab singers like britney spears , mariah carey and the backstreet boys were thrown in a studio and given a bunch of instruments and told to record , the end result would sound something like this .
 If you 've heard a bit about the Shaggs and are intrigued there are two things to do .1 -RRB- Listen to the sound clips offered by Amazon2 -RRB- Read the fascinating article in the September 27 , 1999 issues of THE NEW YORKER magazine.Beyond that ... well , there really is nothing left . Do n't bother spending your money on this . I may be amusing the first time you her it , but there are better uses for your fifteen bucks .
 How can any of you people honestly think this qualifies as music ? This `` music '' does not grow on you . As if listening to it more than once is even appealing to anyone with any musical taste or talent.This stuff is not so bad that it is good . It 's just flat out excrement . Did they just pick random words out of a dictionary and put them together to form lyrics ? I have met parakeets with a more defined vocabulary.The fact that people have actually purchased this piece of garbage makes me weep for the future . And scarier than that , some of them liked it , and then gave it 5 stars ! I have lied awake at night with the song `` My Pal Foot Foot '' haunting me like a Stephen King story.I came close to destroying my entire CD collection , and breaking my own ear drums with a knitting needle . I ca n't believe this exists . Worse yet , I actually had to give it 1 star to be able to post a review . Sad indeed .
 All evidence indicates that the Shaggs were a case of three daughters being browbeaten by their domineering father , Austin Wiggin Jr. , intro becoming a hit girl band , whether they particularly wanted to do it or not . Some lyrics were written by the parents but credited to the sisters to beef up the illusion they were a regular group . You folks getting into the `` innocent self-expression '' of the Shaggs should think about all this . At the very least you should feel bad snickering at them ever again .
 The hipsters can praise this all they want , but they KNOW it 's crap and praising it just helps in their desperate desire to feel so smug and superior to mere mortals . I can guarantee you that few of them actually own a Shaggs album and of those that do few ever listen to it . This applied to Zappa too.Sure , it has a sincerity missing in so much of today 's music , but sincerity alone does not make music -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- listenable . Intrigued by this band 's story ? That 's understanding , it is a fascinating one . But if you still feel a need to hear this stuff save yourself a lot of dough and go with the sound clips . They 'll tell you everything you need to know .
 This is like hearing children play music for the first time . This is talentless on many levels . waste your money if you must .
 How strange that so many respect this music as genius , and think that it is wildly original . Original it is not -- it represents what we all do before we learn tradition and technique . What is original is that someone chose to record and market it , and the lyrics have a certain strange attraction ; but the music itself is no mark of brilliance . It has a bizarre naivete that makes one smile or grimace in wonder , but it certainly does n't rank as more important than the Beatles , regardless of what Frank Zappa might have said . Nor are the performances particularly impressive , or incapable of reproduction . No , The Shaggs play music like someone mostly untrained in music , pure and simple ; their results are much the same as anyone would get who had no technique , no concept of intonation or rhythm or traditional melodic structure , or in fact most anything beyond the basic instrumentation of a rock band . One reviewer here challenged drummers to play like this , and certainly it would be difficult to play it from notation , but if you simply give a kid drumsticks and let them have at it , these are pretty much the results you get . Music teachers hear it regularly ; as one who often works with students in their first attempts at group improvisation , I know . Nonetheless , for many of us who have become far removed from this , the Shaggs display a certain breathless magnificence ; their story , as told by Susan Orlean in The Bullfighter Checks Her Makeup is tragic , though . It 's completely questionable whether this music represents anything the girls wanted to do or if it is entirely the result of a domineering and possibly abusive father 's demands . As such , the sweet charm of the songs disolves completely and one is left with an unpleasant , even repulsive aftertaste . That this is broken music from a haunted family seems born out by the lyrics to Philosophy of the World , which claim that `` You can never please anybody in this world . ''
 C'mon . I wanted to like this . I love primitive music , from the Sonics to the Ramones . But the Shaggs music is beyond primitive . It 's garbage . And it 's not of the `` it 's so bad , it 's good '' variety . It 's so bad , it 's terrible .
 I used to watch the Perry Como show as a kid and thought he was cool back then . This CD was a bit disappointing - I thought the music was listless and did n't have quite the Christmas spirit/enthusiasm as I had hoped .
 This video had all the makings too be 5 stars , but unfortunatelty it was not remastered in Dolby 5.1 surround , which in this day in age is unexcusable . In fact this video was not even in Dolby 2.0 which was not playable on my surround sound system . I was able too play it on my good old TV speakers though . Yay !!! Do n't get me wrong I 'm a huge ATR fan but this video was a joke .
 First of all , I guess It was my fault , I did n't realize it was a DVD . Second , I did n't think much of it .
 I am usually in Oscar Peterson 's corner . Peterson is an unjustly dismissed jazz pianist . For reasons I ca n't quite put my finger on , Peterson is often regarded as something of a `` fake '' in many jazz circles . It all has something to do with Peterson 's rejection of the `` progressive '' camp among jazz musicians . He is definitely not in the `` art for my sake '' school of thought . Instead he appeals to the average American listener and uses the `` Great American Songbook '' as his jazz hymnal.Still , I do n't like this CD very much . The conception is for Peterson to play as if he were in his living room and a bunch of friends came over to listen . This is all fine and good ; but where it breaks down is Peterson felt compelled to add a little `` razzle-dazzle '' to each of these songs . In other words , he 's a bit of a `` showoff '' . And this ruins it for me.Contrary to what my grade school music teacher taught me , I do not think the piano is the most wonderful musical instrument ever made . Nor do I think angels somehow delivered a piano from heaven to mankind in the middle of the eighteenth century Promethean style . For all its wonderful capabilities , the piano has limitations . It also has a singular ability to get on people 's nerves as almost pianists can sound like they are `` chopping '' out notes . And do n't get me started if the piano is out of tune.Therefore , special care has to be taken if the piano is to be played alone . A piano can sound like a modest young lady or a brazen hussy . A more modest demeanor goes a long way .
 Jerry Rivera does not have the voice nor the `` soul '' to sing the classics of Frankie Ruiz . His sucess is due to his amazing band and great songwriters who have been able to compensate for his short comings as a singer . I 'm not saying he is completely horrible , I admit I own his greatest hits album . However , he can not be mentioned in the same league with the all time greats of salsa , such as Frankie Ruiz . Someone of his caliber should stick to what made him famous , catchy love songs .
 Unfortunately , Jerry Rivera does not posess the soul or voice of the late Frankie Ruiz so this tribute CD -LRB- while well-intentioned -RRB- is disastrous . His cover versions of Frankie 's classics `` Desnudate Mujer '' , `` Tu Eres '' , `` El Camionero '' and `` Separemos Nuestras Vidas '' are ludicrous at best . Frankie was one of the 1980 's and '90s best salsa soneros and Jerry Rivera is quite simply NOT in his league .
 This apparently is a `` Copy Controlled '' by EMI CD . Great.Any CDs I buy these days , I personally tend to rip to mp3s so I can listen to on the portable player I use . Oh well . Wo n't work on things like many car CD players , either.Buyer beware . 5 stars for Madredeus and their music . F - for the music industry pulling stunts like this that harm the average consumer 's personal use while the `` bad guys '' get around things regardless.If only they 'd spend more time and effort finding and developing more acts like Madredeus in the first place.Don ' t buy this particular version unless you 're ready for some hassles . Ugh ...
 Massive , Zebra is one of the hottest artists in the dancehall right now , but this album flops . Only two songs on this album are decent -LRB- The first song and the last -RRB- . Massive , you 'll do alot better just buying a compilation cd with Zebra and other artists . A big disappointment , trust me .
 I was interested to hear what Greg Brown 's daughter sounds like . This disc sat near my computer for six months as I tried to figure out what to say about the music . Despite other glowing reviews , I did n't warm to this disc . The songs do n't strike me as distinctive ; it 's as if there 's not a unique voice writing . While the musicianship is excellent , Pieta 's vocals on `` 4th of July '' sound like she 's imitating Bob Dylan 's talk-sing era . It 's not effective . I like the groove of `` In the Cool , '' but the sigh-sing delivery of Brown is repetitive . It might have been better as an instrumental . Iris DeMent , who is one of my favorite singers , does backing on `` This Old Dress . '' Unfortunately , the melody is the same old da-dat-da-DA , DA-DAT-DA-da . It also sounds like Brown is not quite hitting the notes as a vocalist . Pieta 's vocals on `` How Many Times '' are particularly thin and unmusical . While the band and genre greatly appeal to me , the songwriting is bland and the vocals have the charm of a cat scratch . Taxi !
 What 's with the short tracks , seconds ??? Something seems to be missing here . Wasted my money .
 This album is pure garbage , none of the tracks are credited to Bronze Nazareth . These appear to be tracks by Bronze before he got with the Wu . The beats are terrible , the rhymes are lackluster . I 'd suggest if you 're really in to Bronze get his solo album , the great migration , and his group effort The Wiseman . Those are the official albums you want to get . Do n't get souped in to this garbage .
 I bought this cd because I Am fan of fifteen even though some of the lyrics are kind of whinny hippy crap.However this one just goes to far the song white pride almost made me puke.I threw my copy in the garbage so no one would have to here it .
 that this song is better promoted for itself rather than on the strength of PR trickery trying to capitalize on all things web-based ? it 's a cynical marketing world that tries to sell us its corporate soap wrapped up with a hippy or a punk bow
 that the song lyrics espouse a return to more real values but the misleading hype about an internet webcast is anything but revolutionary or based on being realonly in this cynical marketing age ... pity !
 Do humanity a favor and listen to the orginal versions of these songs .
 I am a fan of Mandy Moore and was excited to purchase her Coverage album . I love cover songs and adored the first single Have A Little Faith In Me so I went ahead and bought the album . It is so disappointing ! I find myself bored by Mandy 's vocals and can not sit through the whole album . She chose some amazing songs but did not do many of them justice . They lack their original charm and energy . While I do understand that cover songs are often not as good as the original , Coverage is a wispy , dull attempt at reviving an era of energetic and exciting songwriting . I admire Mandy for doing an album so different than her peers , but I just wish she had put a little more energy and charisma into the album . The songs have powerful messages lost on less than powerful expression .
 this cd in a whole was quite awful . although i give her props for trying to expose her young fan base to the greats of time past , i feel that she 'd have done them all more justice if she just mentioned it in a interview .
 Nothing stands out about these songs . They are all bland and sound similar . `` Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters '' is the only one I liked . This is her worst album .
 Amazon sent me a BOOTLEG copy of this album . There was a SCANNED picture as an insert and the cd was a CD-R . There was no back to this case at all . !! They are selling it for full retail price , and sending out bootlegs . Amazon refused to help and told me they will investigate why they are bootleg but that is it . . really ?? They refused me of a refund as well ! Disgusting !
 Poor Mandy Moore , a busy , bright young multimedia star who evidently did n't have the time to assemble an album of original songs ; thus , she either decided to or was strong-armed into making this wholly unsatisfying collection of covers . Moore 's voice is more than adequate but it 's not defined or distinct enough to enable her to chart the terrain of Mike Scott , Elton John or even Andy Partridge without sounding like nothing more than a really good karaoke singer -LRB- or an average American Idol contestant -RRB- . Moore claims her greatest fear in releasing this album was how the original singers would react to her interpretation ; well , they should be flattered since she made every effort to imitate their delivery . Melodies are seldom changed and harmony seems to have been abandoned . She does score with an appealing version of Joni Mitchell 's `` Help Me '' in which she successfully varies her delivery , changes the melody and phrasing at will and seems to be genuinely enjoy herself . Pity it 's the only song on the album that wrings a convincing performance from her .
 in the age of the overblown Rod Stewart & Clay Aikens trying to Romance a Era gone by with very Sub-Par Results add another victim to the list.Mandy Moore.now Mandy Moore Vocally is closer to Jessica Simpson , & Christina , Monica , Beyonce , but Mandy 's material is Lite in the Booty.Her Material ai n't no threat to Vocal Light Weights like Brittney,J-Lo , Ashanti & Others.the concept of Her doing this & at Her Age being aware of the Past because lets be real : Most Peeps coming along today are pushed by the Media & other sources as thinking that Old School is Last Summer & this is Offically the Fall now.Mandy does n't have enough juice to make Her take on these Songs Believable fully.now in any 20 years She might be a bit more Seasoned & She might find that Connie Francis Element She has in Her.stay tunned .
 I ca n't think of one song on this album I could lidten to for more than 30 seconds . It 's just totally unlistenable . She 's joined the list of popular female singers who are just boring and could n't pull a decent song out of the air to save their lives , a la sheryl crow , sarah mc laughlin , Kelly osbourne , Jessica Simpson , etc etc etc
 I love Mandy , but this cd sucks . The songs have a cheapened feel to them , and they sound as though they were rushed through . I was disappointed she did n't do her own music . I mean , these are great songs , but Mandy 's voice is just not strong enough for them , and the music sounds canned and low-budget . All in all , poor renditions of great songs . Not worth buying .
 With gleeful anticipation I purchased this cd hoping to hear some wonderful reinditions of some excellent songs . Boy , was I dissappointed!There are twelve cuts on this cd , everything from Joan Armatrading to Blondie . Clearly the best cut here is a wonderful cover of John Hiatt 's `` Have a Little Faith in Me '' . After that , Carly Simon 's `` Anticipation '' and E.John 's `` Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters '' round out all that is worthy of mention on this cd . Skip everything else . Besides a poor selection of songs and an even poorer performance , there is a feeling of being rushed through the music presented here . This just destroys any connection with the songs . A little less pace would have given more of a feel for the songs here . The quintiessential cover cd of the year is Michael McDonald 's `` Motown '' , this could have been in that league . But it is n't , skip it and wait for the next effort .
 This was a TRAGIC CD ! I mean , Mandy , you 're a POP STAR ! Not a country folk singer . Pure waste of money and CRAP ! Pop Star GONE BAD ! WAY BAD
 Okay I decided to give this cd a chance because it 's mandy moore . OH MY GODS ! It 's awful . I mean , what was she thinking singing to crap like this ? Most of the songs make Mandy 's range go WAY too low . She ultimately sound better by singing a little higher . The song lyrics just suck and it 's like nothing she has previously sang . Do n't buy this cd . Listen to the clips on Amazon , and you 'll hear for yourself !
 Any album that is strictly ALL COVER TUNES of great songs already gone platinum is just asking for a big big can of whoop-arse ! Mandy Moore needs to just go away . She 's fluff and her fifteen minutes of fame is long overdue . The ride is over Mandy , get off the horse and quit showin off ! You 're nothing special !
 I would never get this CD , and if you gave it to me as a gift , I 'd throw it away . First of all , it 's all COVERS ! No original songs ! Secondly , I do n't like Mandy Moore 's attitude as of late . She 's acting like she does n't like being a celebrity . I heard that Mandy said that she was ashamed of her first CD . That pisses me off , because your first CD is the one that starts you in the business and what makes you a star . So in conclusion , I do n't like Mandy Moore , I do n't like this CD , I will not recommend it to anyone , and I hope her career does n't last much longer .
 If you want to shell out ten bucks for a CD that is no better than the country western karaoke chick at your neighborhood bar , be my guest . That is the extent of this one ... I guess the original songwriters are happy to cash the royalty checks from this CD , but they have to be embarassed with the final product . Some songs were perfect the first time ... why does Mandy Moore of all people , think she needs to `` cover '' them ? If you want to hear Joni , Carole , Carly , etc. in all their glory , buy their CD 's . And support your local karaoke singer by dropping a nice tip in jar . But beware of this CD !
 I 've never fully understood why artists are compelled to do whole albums of cover songs . Much like Hollywood remakes , they rarely improve on the originals . If you 're going to do covers , you have to give the audience a reason for listening to them . Despite Mandy 's great voice , the album simply ca n't stand on it 's own . It 's true that many of these tracks could be considered neglected classics that have n't been heard on the airwaves in years , and she does a nice job picking up Joan Armatrading 's `` Drop The Pilot '' and Blondie 's `` One Way Or Another '' . But it 's impossible to listen to XTC 's `` Senses Working Overtime '' as she does n't capture the cynisism that Andy Partridge does . Nor can she capture the broken heart maturity of Joe Jackson 's `` Breaking Us In Two '' . There 's an evident lack of sophistication in her pop voice which sinks Elton John 's `` Mona Lisa & Mad Hatters '' and Joni Mitchell 's `` Help Me '' . You simply ca n't believe she really means what she sings.If you took the orginal versions and compiled them , it would be a highly diverse and entertaining collection of good songwriting . ... The production comes off very cookie cutter , and much like cookies after you 've eaten a few , you just ca n't digest anymore .
 As Simon Cowell would say
 I 've just listend to the snippets of this CD but `` Have A Little Faith In Me '' is the only good song on this CD in my opinion , not a good idea to make a whole cover CD -LRB- hence Coverage -RRB- , I love Mandy 's voice but she sounds awful compared to the original artists , if only one or two songs were covered along with original work it would 've been way better , hopefully Mandy 's next CD will make up for this one , `` I Wan na Be With You '' is Mandy 's best CD to date .
 I agree with an earlier review in that the first three songs are not good and they sound the same . The rest is okay but not great . She definitely has a very good voice and could probably come out with an amazing cd someday , but this is not it . Some of the covers were pleasant to listen to but not one of them touched anywhere near the realm of the original singer 's version . I would wait and buy a used copy if you 're thinking of buying it .
 I do n't need a perfect score on my SATs to realize that Moore likely had no idea where 3/4s of these song selects resurrected from , but cut the almost-teen idol some slack for attempting to turn a generation not listening onto something more than the affected likes of the appalling Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears . Her aw-shucks style of pop negates the effectiveness -LSB- and irony at times -RSB- of the originals , but you want to embrace Moore for the deadpan , obvious passion she exudes while delivering it . My grade
 Her remakes were ok but I did n't like the songs that she chose . I think she should have written more songs.Was this review helpful to you ?
 Who 's responsible for this travesty ? The only one who should be singing Blondie songs is Blondie . Same thing goes for XTC . Mandy Moore would botch up a Britney Spears tune without hand-written instructions . Cover songs are for non-creative people who just want to earn a little cash . There 's nothing wrong with earning a little cash , but one should at least do it honestly ! Right?For true classics , stick with Madonna , Spice Girls , Lillith Fair , Cindy Lauper , Tina Turner , Britney Spears and Pebbles . This chick could n't sing and act her way out of a parking ticket.THANKS FOR LETTING ME POST MY REVIEW ON MANDY MOORE !!!!!!!
 Well MM is great . I loved her previous albums and it 's nothing personal against her but i feel like she should have just done her regular stuff and not `` Cover '' other peoples music . Even though she feels people will get to know the artist a little well even though people hardly know who they are -LRB- Only one i know is Elton John -RRB- . But i did hear samples of it and must say her vocals for the album are great and i 'm glad she dished out another album i just wish she would have made a normal her own kind of music album not cover other peoples music . I might get the album or i might not depending how i feel . If i do get it it 's only cause it 's from Mandy Moore
 I 've been a fan of Mandy Moore from the beginning , but that was way back in 2000 . I was hoping that she would have evolved a little bit more being that it is 2007 . This cd was not entirely a waste of money , but there were only 2 or 3 songs worth listening to more than once .
 During her career , Mandy Moore has gone against every rule in the entire history of pop music . This is truly an artist that marches to the beat of her own drum . Her fourth proper studio album is probably the most rebellious of all , an album composed of all covers of timeless hits , hits that were n't even massive , just ones that Moore has grown to love . The first thing you think is how did Moore even get a hold of these records , but its a very good thing she found some of them.Had it not been for `` In my Pocket '' & the entire Walk to Remember soundtrack , Coverage 's first single `` Have a Little Faith in Me '' could possibly be her best material to date . Her voice sounds very strong and she sounds very at home singing the lyrics . In fact , she sounds very at home with all the tracks , especially those that its werid to hear her covering such as a heavily rock influenced `` One Way or Another '' . In my opinion this one is too childish and should have been left off the album.Other surprises include `` Drop the Pilot '' , `` Senses working Overtime '' , `` Anticipation '' & `` Can We Still be Friends '' . While its nice to see Moore doing something different , sometimes the songs are just not good , and her cotton-candy style pop influence brought upon each of the track does n't always seem to work in her favor.I 'm very surprised to see Mandy doing this , and while its definetly not her best work to date , its nice to see her taking a risk and doing something that was n't expected . I can give her credit for a daring attempt , but it seems that the risk she makes is going to easily overshadow the lacking music . It sucks too because I was really rooting for her when I heard of her doing this . Maybe next time .
 Ms. Moore is a good singer and her team has chosen good songs . However , Ms. Moore 's vocal performance , while technically on target , is artistically antiseptic . There 's not much soul here.If only she had put some guts into her rendition of Joan Armatrading 's `` Drop the Pilot ' ! This is a serviceable party-band cover , but there 's not much more -LRB- Moore ? . There is no credible snarl in `` One way or another ' . Debby Harry has nothing to fear.Still , if the CD serves to gets people to seek out the original albums and the original tracks , she has done us a great service . Nowhere is this more true than Ms. Moore 's cover of ` Help Me ' . While not a perfect copy of Joni Mitchell 's original , it 's pretty close and shows vulnerability and soul in Ms. Moore 's voice . There 's some room to play , space to emote , and soul to give . It shows everything this record could have been and gives us hope that Ms. Moore will keep at it and produce better stuff as she matures.The first single is ` Have a Little Faith in Me ' . If you do n't know these songs , you should obey and use this album as a guide to discover some great artists . If you know the material already , have some faith in the promise of Ms. Moore but wait for some better evidence .
 As with so many soundtracks these days , the best is left out . Despite the fact the majority of the selections were not of my taste , I was willing to buy it for `` Hrafnagaldur '' and its truly deep and haunting sound ; however , those parts are omitted.The sound quality of the album is great , but that 's of little value when one does n't like what 's on the CD . I have absolutely no desire to hear it again , and shall donate it to the local `` Friends of the Library '' Book sale .
 Beware ! Four minutes are missing from the Ballad Medley . It should be 11 minutes long , not 7 . This is one of the best songs on the album , which is why you ca n't buy it by itself . So , I bought the whole album only to discover that it 's an MP3 Amputee . I hope Amazon will refund my money .
 With all due respect to the other 8 reviewers , I ca n't listen to this CDbecause the 2 trumpets are out of tune . I am a musician who will never reach the heights of Diz or Roy but ... . they should have tuned up better !
 The CD I feel , for Johnny Wright , is just an obligation filled to FAME . In NO WAY does this CD reflect the enormous talent of Harlemm . I know , I 've done shows with Harlemm and see him bring the house down night after night . Even the music tracks seem cheap , the production is sub par . Harlemm you deserve better ! I hope Clive Davis see 's the potential and talent that far exceeds Clay Aiken and takes you to the level of artistry I and all your fans know your capable of . Best of luck and I hope on your next CD you get a company and a manger that has a clue .
 I ca n't believe how bad this sounds . There are a lot better singers that are just starting out . I would n't recommend this cd !
 I 've seen Kim Hill live . She can belt out a song with passion and persona . Her interpretations of classics are interesting and inspiring . Too bad you wo n't find any of this on Surrounded by Mercy.When corporations want to promote a no-talent cutie-pie , they stick her in a high-tech studio with an overzealous engineer . Somewhere in a sea of overdubs , pitch correction , reverb and cranked up background music , a new pop idol emerges . Apparently , somebody tried to do the same thing with Kim Hill on Surrounded by Mercy , which begs the question , `` Why ? '' . Kim is a genuine talent and does n't need all that over-production . The CD also featured faux audience interaction to simulate the feel of live worship . This falls into the category of `` flawed concept '' and has `` management decision '' written all over it.Many of the songs start out pretty good . Then the all the production kicks in and Kim Hill gets lost in a downward spiral of too many instruments , too much processing and too many background singers . Yawn.Kim , take your Gibson and a mini disc recorder to your basement . Play the songs you want to play and sing them the way you want to sing them . Release it on a CD and I 'll buy it and play it over and over again . I 'm sure tens of thousands of other people will as well .
 Very disappointed . Should have been marked ` new stereo recordings by original artist or members of the original group ' . Sorry that I purchased this item . Does n't sound like the original songs .
 She 's pretty enough to be a model but not a good enough singer to even do backup vocals .
 Norm Granz , owner of Verve records , would have been happy re-recording the golden egg `` Getz/Gilberto '' album forever . The ravishingly beautiful `` Getz/Gilberto '' is one of the best selling Jazz CD of all time and a testament to the fact that Jazz performers can make a pop-ish album without sacrificing their integrity.But it did n't work . Stan and Astrud 's affair torpedoed her marriage with Joao Gilberto . Stan was now tired of her . She was on a big ego trip . In this album , as with `` Getz/Gilberto 2 '' , Norm kept forcing them together and they could hardly stand to be on stage with each other . -LRB- This is a live CD -RRB- Stan 's bored , going thru the motions . The warmth , intimacy and chemistry of `` Getz/Gilberto '' was gone.Stan had move on to a new band . His recordings here , without Astrud , are rerecordings of songs from his classic album `` Nobody Else but Me '' recorded months earlier , which Norm Granz put on the shelf and lost for 30 years ! -LRB- see my review -RRB- . That 's a much better CD . Astrud had pushed off to the first of a series of other bands , She recorded `` Telephone Song '' with them . Stan refused to do more Samba for Verve.For better Stan doing Samba / Bossa Nova , try `` Getz/Gilberto '' , `` Jazz Samba '' , and `` Jazz Samba Encore '' -LRB- see my reviews -RRB- .1 & 1/2 - 2 stars for a mediocre effort
 Dj Krush is great , anticon is great , but this album is just boring . Every song sounds pretty much the same , the vocal tracks by the members of anticon are drowned out and the song done with Angelina Esparza , is less than so-so . It sounds like Dj Krush was given 10 sounds and was told to make an album using only those 10 sounds and 1 tempo . Again , I would reccomend any other Dj Krush album , and suggest that you check out anticon if you have n't already because they are splendid , but this album was weak .
 I had the displeasure of seeing this band open for MegaDeth last night . All I can say is GROAN !!! There is nothing new about this band , except for thier really spiffy Emo haircuts . They are basically nothing more than another pre-packaged Boi-Band , nothing more than N'SYNC who plays exremely weak and predictable punk-metal drivle . I predict all of these guys will be gobbling goo in `` All Male Adult Films '' -LRB- wink-wink -RRB- in 5 years . I know elementary school kids with more original material ...
 `` Opinion # 33 '' is really a 5 minute 5 second long song . The 3:24 song that Amazon has is truncated . Amazon should fix this .
 21/2 This quite abruptly moves between engaging fused funk reminiscent of Jamiroquai , and schmaltzy light jazz reminiscent of your local waiting room , unfortunately focusing a majority on the latter in vein crossover attempts when it is apparent where the talent lies . The clue as for which tracks to avoid ? Pretty much anything with vocals-Mcdonalds theme and scats notwithstanding .
 This is a Cd of the history of the band . Interesting but was not a music CD . Was not worth the price .
 No Songs at all , I was very disappointed as I did not read the description very carefully . Amazon even refers to the contents as `` songs '' . Just interviews and dialogue.A total Rip off.I love Scissor Sisters and was looking for some older stuff . I HIGHLY recommend KMART ... is terrific .
 I like Marcia Ball and love her music . I see her around town now and then and have gone to many of her local gigs . However , eighteen bucks for 34 minutes of music is a nasty rip off . Folks , that is worse than a cheaply mastered LP ! Rounder -LRB- more like Bounder -RRB- records conveniently neglects to list a total time , or track times , on the exterior packaging so you have to open the package before you learn you 've just been seriously gouged and it 's too late to take it back then . It 's companies like Rounder that are driving the various sorts of music piracy .
 It 's got a few good tunes on it , but being someone that was immediately taken by AL by getting 1-7 , 7 almost sounds too commercial . It 's like 7 was produced by someone else it seems . Lionel Richie 's Easy on AL 7 and Marvin Gayes Sexual Healing on AL 6 are great songs , but I just do n't think the typical AL buyer is buying the cds for those types of songs . To catch the real downtempo AL vibe , start with the first one , Ambient Lounge 1 , and work your way up . I hope AL 8 will go back to its roots . .
 21/2 This quite abruptly moves between engaging fused funk reminiscent of Jamiroquai , and schmaltzy light jazz reminiscent of your local waiting room , unfortunately focusing a majority on the latter in vein crossover attempts when it is apparent where the talent lies . The clue as for which tracks to avoid ? Pretty much anything with vocals-Mcdonalds theme and scats notwithstanding .
 Though I 'm not the biggest fan of the trance genre , I like to listen to a few trance albums now and again in the hope of finding a gem in the rut . Passport to the United States of America by Corsten is no such gem . Ferry 's mixing and editing are always excellent -LRB- and is again here -RRB- , but the tracks featured on this album are ordinary or less than ordinary . This mix has nothing standout-ish about it . After a few listens , I was over this album ... another dust collector .2.5 / 5 stars
 I was disappointed with this album . It is more techy and less melodic and trancey as Passport to the Netherlands and Right of Way . Plus I had already heard more interesting versions of the same tracks elsewhere before I got this . I have faith in Ferry and I think he 'll surprise us with another great release in the future . Just not this release ...
 I was really disappointed in this purchase . The music was not what I expected . It is not a good choice for a Yoga class . More disappointing is that I ca n't return it .
 The songs for Magical Mystery Tour -LRB- the British television special in 1967 as opposed to the singles collected on the CD -RRB- are some of the weakest songs the Fab Four ever released . Blue Jay Way is boring , boring , boring and Flying is a throw away piece of filler . The title track and `` Your Mother Should Know '' are terribly written and seem like they were just cranked out in 15 minutes . The only good song on the whole soundtrack is `` Fool on the Hill '' and that pales compared to other songs by Paul such as found on the Revolver CD . The collection of singles on this CD are good . But even songs such as `` All You Need Is Love '' and `` Baby You 're a Rich Man '' have fared poorly over the years . While I 'm a big , big Beatles fan , even I have to admit when the Beatles made some -LSB- low grade music -RSB- .
 I wasnt a big fan of this LP but it had its good moments ... not many though ... I wouldnt recommend ...
 I had to have this because , well , it 's the Beatles ! Surely not their best , but part of their whole saga .
 After listening to the Magical Mystery Tour , I got a headache.Gosh already , I am sooooooo sick of the Beatles.Are people in a time warp ? This is 2005 , the people are pass&eacute;.Sorry Beatles lovers , that is the reality , they are so very pass&eacute; .
 This CD is totally boring , even when `` Penny Lane '' comes along to `` pick things up '' , 'cause by the time `` Penny Lane '' comes along , I 'm already so down and out b/c of how boring the previous tracks are , `` Penny Lane '' just is n't much ; I like music from all decades and the ' 60 's is no exception . But what the heck is so great about this CD ? Nothing .
 The Beatles were so overhyped . This album doesnt Stand a chance over any 80s or 90s Rolling Stone album . Buy something from the Stones please and Avoid Listning to Corny songs Like `` All You need Is love '' because That 's Not true .
 Definitly one of their worst albums along with Rubber Soul and the overrated REVOLVER album . Skip it good .
 Everywhere I go , I hear how good the beatles were and I see them as nothing but a 60s version of the Backstreet boys .
 There is a maximum of 3 or 4 good songs on this album and it is generally recognized as being one of the Beatles ' weakest . Anyone who thinks that all of the tracks are good needs to listen to some more music !
 Strawberry fields and Penny Lane were both written for Sgt. Pepper 's and Phil Spektor left them off and later recalled that omission as being one of his greatest mistakes he ever made . -LRB- barring that murder trial thing , eek -RRB- Gave the 1 star to even out the ratings - of course its better than that but no way it deserves 450 reviews and an average rating of 4.5 stars . -LRB- usually albums with more reviews on Amazon are better bets to buy -RRB- The Beatle fanboys on Amazon hit the 5 star wayyyy to much . It 's great Pepper 's remains , but fataley flawed by the Side A fillers . Try a solid three stars and you 've rated this one right.Easiest to just mention the songs -- > Side A
 It 's a cunning move that Capitol decided to tack some of the SGT PEPPER-era singles onto the end of the record . So if that 's what you desperately want , buy it . Otherwise , spend your $ $ elsewhere .
 The only thing that saves this release is the collection of singles tacked onto the British release
 Alright , I 'm not like the biggest fan of the Beatles but this album is bad even for them . First off we have the song Magical Mystery Tour which is completely silly , reminds me of a theme song for a kids show with puppets on PBS . Next is The Fool on the Hill which is neauseating , Following that disgusting little jewel of a song you have Flying which sounds like elevator music you 'd hear while eating at Bob Evans . After Flying we have the privelege of hearing Blue Jay Way which is a dreary , typically pshycadelic piece of trash by Harrison , then comes another one of those show tune gems by McCartney called Your Mother Should Know and I wo n't even comment on the horror and perversity of THAT song.Lets just say that no self respecting musical would ever use it . Then comes Iam the Walrus which is actually intriguing and you can actually listen to it without feeling suicidal -LRB- unlike Your Mother Should Know -RRB- Then Hello Goodbye which is one of the most horrid songs they 've ever done . I just ca n't see the point of that repititive and depressingly cheerful monstrosity . Strawberry Fields is one of the best songs the Beatles ever did , I will even go so far as to say it is a masterpiece of a song . This is one of the few Beatle songs I can get enthusiastic over . Great lyrics , wonderful dreamy music , I only wish they would have done more like it . After that is Penny Lane which I ca n't stand , then Baby Your a Rich Man which is another dreary George Harrison thing that is best heard once then forgotton immediantly , and last of all , we have * shudder * All You Need is Love . I ca n't understand why a band with a reputation like the Beatles would have written such a horrible , disgusting , obviously commercial song . I do n't like the Beatles but I never expected that they would fall to the dephs of this song . Its like If Your Going to San Francisco Wear Some Flowers in Your Hair , or What the World Needs Now is Love , Sweet Love , or that depressing Cowsills song The Rain , the park , and other things `` I love the flower girl '' It brings back such horrid hippie memories , perfect song for weekend hippies all the real hippies listened to The Grateful Dead or Jefferson Airplane . Just thinking about that song makes me so depressed that I have to listen to Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon to get cheered up again , the songs that bad . In fact , I think that instead of making such a big deal about Marilyn Manson parents should make sure their kids do n't get hold of this sewer of filth and depravity . Good god ! Imagine coming in on your kids one day winding flowers in their hair and humming All You Need is Love ! I think I would rather find my kids sacrificing cats , dressing in black , and listening to goth music than this strange and perverse oddity . Get this album for Iam the Walrus and Strawberry Fields and record them on a tape then immediantly burn the CD .
 There 's a reason so many other reviewers give the Rolling Stones so much more praise than the Beatles . When you listen to -LRB- almost -RRB- any Stones album , you hear a spirited collection of rocking blues and talented playing . When you put on any Beatles album , you hear what sounds like a bunch of little children trying to write , play , and sing like grownups . And failing miserably . How even one of their albums got on Amazon 's top 10 list for this decade -LRB- ahead of Hendrix and Aretha Franklin , no less -RRB- I 'll never know , but it 's no accident that `` Let It Bleed '' is at the top . Save your money on this one if you 're over 15 .
 Wrong version from this place . Ordered the ecopak &#34; Enhanced &#34; version from 1999 and got the original issue . The pix on the order screen was of the ecopak ... never again with this company .
 I was very fascinated and overwhelmed with the jacket illustrations and art but I am very disappointed at the quality of these pressings ! Myself being an audiophile and i own a hi-end audiophile system retail valued @ $ 15,000.00 Magical Mystery is supposed to 180 grams , it is n't its more like 150 grams more or less , I noticed as soon as I felt the girth because I do own many 180 gram virgin vinyls of all genres . So , I do n't know if that was a factory mistake or is it a fact or fiction as I read on Amazon.com that each and every record is supposed to have been tested in Abbey Road Labs before packaging and sent to stores ? The Sgt Peppers is 180 grams but it falls short because I do own the original Sgt peppers on capitol label stereo and mono versions that are very valuable . These new versions are supposed to be virgin vinyls meaning the sound-stage , hi 's and lows and warmth should be better than the originals , they sound like CD 's . And if I had read the fine print on the sticker on the front in the beginning , that these versions were taken from digital masters , I would have never got em . Analog should be true analog that 's is my opinion.The RAM album reviews : It lacked quality and the album art was so plain : -LRB- I want to be satisfied , I am not . I work hard for my money and with the economy as poor as it is , I ca n't afford to waste my funds in this case my money was wasted.SO PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY BEATLES RELATED RECORDS/VINYLS . I TRIED CONTACTING CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM BEATLES.COM AND THEY COULD N'T HELP ME WHICH MEANS THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT THERE CUSTOMERS !!!
 This CD falls a little short of what I expected , as songs like Flying , Blue Jay Way , Your Mother Should Know , and the Fool on the Hill are simply not up to the standard Beatle quality.Penny Lane and Strawberry Fields are good , but those can be bought on some of the hits compilations like Past Masters or 1967-1970 . I give one star each for the hits , but that 's it .
 This is the one with Flying , Blue Jay Way , Your Mother Should Know and a host of other mediocre songs on it . Pass on this one .
 Similar to other Beatle releases of the 65-67 period , MMT has a few good songs , but more forgettable ones . The three notable songs on this release -LRB- Penny Lane , Strawberry Fields , and All You Need is Love -RRB- can be obtained on numerous greatest hits compilations .
 For one thing , two of the songs were released before Pepper . Flying is annoying . Your Mother is just this annoying jingle . Hello Goodbye is catchy and bad . Like commercial songs . The title track sounds like tripped-out military band music . The rest is fine .
 This CD sucks . I do n't like it at all . I 'm a HUGE Beatles fan , but this one does n't pass . Buy Sgt. Pepper , the best album ever made .
 I ordered Magical Mystery Tour at a second-hand price . After a minimal amount of playing , it became useless . Unplayable . I will never do this again .
 Yeah , the flute on `` The Fool on the Hill '' , the instrumental `` Flying '' , and the feel of `` Your Mother Should Know '' really remind me of psychedelic rock music .
 If you want to understand and experience the music of 1967 , buy `` Are You Experienced '' by Jimi Hendrix , or `` Disraeli Gears '' by Cream.The Beatles music of this era -LRB- in which they dressed like they were working at Disneyland on both Magical Mystery and Pepper -RRB- is generally pretty soft and orchestral . Pepper has its moments , but this one is n't worth the trouble .
 Magical Mystery Tour - 6/10The Fool On the Hill - 0/10Flying - 0/10Blue Jay Way - 0/10Your Mother Should Know - 0/10I Am the Walrus - 4/10Hello Goodbye - 7/10Strawberry Fields Forever - 3/10Penny Lane - 6/10Baby Your A Rich Man - 0/10All You Need is Love - 6/10This really should have been 2 singles : Side A
 Fool on the Hill , Flying , Blue Jay Way , Your Mother Should Know ... are there 4 worse consecutive songs on any other Beatle album?Well , Rubber Soul tries -LRB- Think for Yourself , The Word , Michelle , What Goes On -RRB- and Revolver makes a run at it -LRB- Eleanor Rigby , Love You To , I 'm Only Sleeping , Here There & Everywhere -RRB- as well as the White Album -LRB- Piggies , Rocky Racoon , Do n't Pass Me By and Why Do n't We Do It in the Road -RRB- , but Mystery Tour is likely the worst.Buy the various greatest hits compilations , which enable you to hear songs like Magical Mystery Tour and Strawberry Fields without having the lesser tracks .
 You may have heard the redneck banter of my brother and cousin Dufus ; It is for this reason and the excessive silliness of this album that I must deliver a Tirade the likes of which have never before been seen on the Internet ! Just look at the cover of the album ? What the hell have they got all over their faces , hmm ? They need to clean up their act , that 's what . Look at the song titles ! Magical Mystery Tour ? Pah ! do they think everyone who listens to music is a teenybopper who can be wooed by pretty colors ? Pah again ! Dufus is a disgrace to the Radwick family name ! I hope no one sees his horrendus review of Help !
 `` Mind altering music '' ... yeah sure , believe what you want . And exactly what is the `` phycadelia '' regarding I Am the Walrus ? One of the worst albums of 1967 . Easily .
 Horns , flutes , instrumentals and bad vocals . How can one resist ? There are lots of descriptives of this album , but `` masterpiece '' is n't one of them.The title song starts off with potential , but fades quickly , and most of the rest of the record is pretty forgettable , especially Hello Goodbye , and All You Need is Love which sound very outdated .
 Many of the beatles albums now sound dated in my opinion , and none more so than MMT . The sonic improvement can only go so far in improving the hopelessly out of date music . I am the Walrus , indeed .
 This contains some of the greatest music of all time , especially in the form of `` Strawberry Fields Forever '' and `` I Am The Walrus '' . However , compared to the original lavish LP packaging , the CD packaging is a mere shadow . Capitol should upgrade this CD and include the original packaging elements as well as perhaps some background information about this important music .
 The Fool on the Hill , Flying , Blue Jay Way , Your Mother Should Know and Baby You 're a Rich Man . Not exactly `` classic song after classic song '' . 2 stars .
 I grant it was my fault . I should have checked to see if there were any non remastered copies of the Beatles Magical Mystery Tour available . I have learned my lesson . I had bought an entire set of Beatles CD 's while living in Germany ten years ago including a numbered limited edition of the white album -LRB- 1 million copies -RRB- . These were beautiful records -LRB- actually Cd 's -RRB- and even though they were not vinyl for CD 's they were fantastic . However , they were lost in transit when I came home . I have been slowly rebuilding my collection but the quality of the American versions are horrible and SIR -- Ha-HA -- George Martin has done a disservice to us all in his remastering . He has cleaned up things like when Paul 's voice does n't quite make that note on Lovely Rita and his voice breaks , a beloved moment for me , now gone . However the worst yet is my recently purchased Magical Mystery tour . It 's Bass is so over done and the highs are pumped up . It sounds like some group trying to be the Beatles and almost but not quite pulling it off . It is all shiny and new and polished but nothing like the original . It also seems to be a tradition to rip off Americans on Beatles recordings . I really wish I had my european Beatles CD 's back . The were un-remastered and sounded like the records I grew up with . Why george Martin felt he had to clean up these recordings I do n't know . It is the biggest sin since the evil munchkin felt the Beatles needed a wall of sound for their Let it Be album . But for me The Magical mystery is the worse by far . Do yourselves a favor and try to find used CDs for all your Beatles recordings from now on and especially avoid this one it is the worst of the lot so far . Why Sir Martin , Why ? You would never had gotten away with it if John was still here . What 's next removing Revolution # 9 from the white album because it 's odd and most people do n't like it ? But to be on point . It just does n't sound as good as my old CD and in no way sounds anything like the album I used to have.Hope this helps.P.S . Does anyone know the difference between enhanced and remastered ?? Thanks.I hope someone wakes up and reisues these recordings as is .
 I will be put to the point for this.Baby you 're a richman is the BEST !!!!!!! song in this package.The rest is useless demos and have been around for way too long.Download Baby you 're a richman and throw the oreful cover in the garbage because it 's just childish and not so good.I long for some good music like ` ohh ohh baby keep me warm ' by the Rodents and Latter Day 's ` Style variations for trombone.Thanks for reading my review.Ben
 The title track and Penny Lane are OK . Everything else is mediocre - The Fool on Hill , Blue Jay Way , Flying , etc. do n't exactly make a 5 star album . And the reviewer who compared this to Pink Floyd is off base . Very little done by the Beatles is of the quality of Pink Floyd 's work.People who rate this 5 stars are just biased Beatle fans .
 Flying , Blue Jay Way , Your Mother Should Know , Baby You 're A Rich Man . Did the group just not try to write a complete album or were they out of ideas ? The so-called better tracks , Penny Lane and Strawberry Fiels suffer from Paul 's lightweight writing and John 's nasally singing - `` Straw Berry Fieeeelds For Eveh . . `` Ugh.Who knows , but it sure does n't stand up to anything before or after its release . Anyone who rates this 5-stars is simply swept up in the Beatles . They ca n't be listening to the music .
 I will be put to the point for this.Baby you 're a richman is the BEST !!!!!!! song in this package.The rest is useless demos and have been around for way too long.Download Baby you 're a richman and throw the oreful cover in the garbage because it 's just childish and not so good.I long for some good music like ` ohh ohh baby keep me warm ' by the Rodents and Latter Day 's ` Style variations for trombone.Thanks for reading my review.Ben
 HALF OF THE MUSIC IS GREAT , THE OTHER HALF IS JUNK.I DO N'T CARE IF YOU REMASTER THE BAD HALF , ITS STILL LOUSY.HERE IS A BREAKDOWN OF THE GOOD & BAD .1 . Magical Mystery Tour - GOOD2 . The Fool On The Hill - GOOD3 . Flying - JUNK4 . Blue Jay Way - JUNK5 . Your Mother Should Know - JUNK6 . I Am The Walrus - JUNK . VERY ANNOYING SONG WITH STUPID LYRICS7 . Hello , Goodbye - GOOD8 . Strawberry Fields Forever - GOOD9 . Penny Lane - GOOD10 . Baby You 're A Rich Man - JUNK11 . All You Need Is Love - GOOD
 The three number one singles that anchor this burst of brilliance can be obtained on Beatles 1 , enabling the listener to avoid the likes of Flying , Blue Jay Way , Your Mother Should Know , and on and on ...
 Wow . It is very difficult to find strong songs on this album . Out of 12 tracks there are only four of note
 No , many of the songs from this album did not `` dominate '' any radio play list of more than 500 songs . There are a mere 11 songs on this album and all but three are long forgotten . A master piece -LRB- of medocrity -RRB- indeed . Oh , it 's true !
 With tracks like `` Blue Jay Way '' , `` Flying '' and `` Your Mother Should Know '' , this album has the worst Beatle filler on it of any album except the White Album . `` Strawberry Fields '' always gets recognition , but John Lennon just could n't sing - with that nasally `` Strawberrie FIELDS For-eveh '' being repeated.This is one of the worst offerings , with no major hits . 1-star
 The cover depicts people disguised as animals . The album contains lite pop disguised as rock music . Neither disguise works very well .
 Back in the early 1960s , the freshly-scrubbed Beatles , in common with the rest of the music industry in the UK , refused to put previously released singles on their albums - because -LRB- or so the reasoning went -RRB- your average punter would feel cheated if he forked out good money for songs he 'd already bought in 45 rpm format . Well , by 1968 these noble sentiments had been packed off to Siberia . And what you get is the Beatles ' Ultimate Con Job
 Released in between Sgt. Pepper -LRB- summer 1967 -RRB- and `` The Beatles '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , this CD offers 4 songs that fall into the category of memorable Beatle classics - Strawberry Fields , Penny Lane , Hello Goodbye , and All You Need is Love . The rest are songs that were used to create an EP in addition to these popular singles . An alternative approach would have been to include these songs on Sgt. Pepper in place of Within You Without You or She 's Leaving Home , which would have made Pepper a bit of a better album . Not a `` must have '' for Beatle fans , but OK .
 `` Imagine '' if All You Need Is Love , Hello Goodbye , Penny Lane and Strawberry Fields had been subbed into Sgt. Pepper in place of the goofy Mr. Kite , the horrid Within You Without You , and the lackluster Fixing A Hole and When I 'm 64 . That would have been an album.The reality is that the four good songs on Mystery Tour just ca n't overcome the likes of Blue Jay Way , Flying or Your Mother Should Know.Nevetheless , I rate this 2 stars because of the strength of the 4 best songs .
 I 've been a fan of Bright Eyes -LRB- Connor Oberst -RRB- since the first time I heard the song Motion Sickness on the radio . Since then , with albums like Fevers and Lifted and even I 'm wide awake -LRB- although to a lesser extent -RRB- , I 've been awe inspired by Oberst 's amazing talent . With all that said , I have to be objective when I say that this newest album is really more or less dressed up garbage . It seems like he 's lost that spark of angst and emotion that made his previous songs so special . Has success gotten to Oberst ? Has the trauma of being smiled upon by so many soulless hollywood types ruined his once unrivaled talent ? I do n't know , but my advice would be either download this album for free , or ignore it altogether . If you absolutly must spend your hard earned moula on something Bright Eyes , I suggest the recently released rareties collection , Noise Floor , instead . Noise Floor will remind old fans of what made Bright Eyes so special , or introduce newcomers to something they 've been missing .
 Although this is the `` UK '' version , do n't be fooled . This is the exact same album as the cheaper one released in the U.S. . There is a special decoder in that one to decode all the gray mess on the album artwork . False advertising . But the album is REALLY GOOD . Just get the cheaper one and save yourself some dough .
 I would never call myself a huge Bright Eyes fan , but I do enjoy them . I was introduced to them in high school with the song `` A Perfect Sonnet '' on the Every Day and Every Night EP , leading to me downloading and purchasing several others after that . Conor 's emotional and chaotic melodies made every album unique , and I love all the awkward vocalizing and experimental noise running throughout albums like Fevers and Mirrors or Lifted.Then came the two big albums that really hit them off commercially - I 'm Wide Awake , It 's Morning and Digital Ash in a Digital Urn . Out of the two , I preferred Digital Ash as it was rawer and more of that experimental noise I loved from Conor 's music , but the critics seemed to favor I 'm Wide Awake moreso , which to me just sounded like a well-written country album . Do n't get me wrong , it 's not a dislike of the genre - it seemed more like a return to the old days when the music was n't cheesy and hokey . There 's no `` She Thinks My Tractor 's Sexy '' on that album.Cassadega - I remember hearing the single for this in my local stores and in the movie Cloverfield , the track `` Four Winds . '' I did n't mind it , I did n't really find it to be anything special , but it was n't a bad song and it was kinda catchy if you kept listening to it . Still , I avoided this album as nothing really drew me into it . I just received this disc in the mail free from the Pepsi Stuff bottle cap promotion going on recently , and I must say that after taking my time to listen to this album in its entirety ... it 's a huge letdown.Here 's what it sounds like to me
 First of all , I must say that I 've been a major Bright Eyes fan for several years now , and truly admire Oberst 's body of work . His lyrics , especially , have always held me spell-bound . -LRB- I 'm a sucker for strong songwriting/poetry , etc. -RRB- That being said , `` Cassadaga '' is just MISSING something . I appreciate the intensive studio work that was put into this record , but it sounds a little too polished to me . One of the charms of his previous records is that the songs and arrangements did n't sound worked and re-worked to death , until `` everything fits together just right . '' They still sounded just a little rough around the edges , which I could appreciate.The lyrics are another thing . They lack that emotive edge that characterized all his songwriting to this point . True , he might be singing about broader themes here , but gone is the sense of urgency with which he would always deliver in the past . The lyrics are still strong , -LRB- this is still Conor Oberst after all -RRB- but his word-play does n't reach out and grab you like the content of `` Fevers '' and `` Lifted '' does.Maybe he just set the bar too high for himself with albums like `` Lifted , '' -LRB- his magnum opus , in my opinion -RRB- and `` I 'm Wide Awake , '' but as decent an album as `` Cassadaga '' is , -LRB- really , really good if done by anyone else -RRB- I guess I was expecting more from someone of Oberst 's talent.UPDATE
 I am fimiliar with Paco 's style , purely instrumental and thought that I would be receiving an instrumental piece , however , since Paco made this , I am sure he knows his new , younger audience .
 I bought this based on some of the reviews and some of the Amazon links , which implied if you liked groups like Athenaeum and Collapsis , which were excellent bands by the way , then you will love this . Unfortunately , they could n't be more wrong . The lyrics and music are very unoriginal and lack depth . The songs are n't even catchy . I listed to this CD four times , which is my limit for giving things a chance , and nothing appealed to me . My high school band was more original than these guys . Do yourself a favor and check out Athenaeum , Collapsis , or Muse instead .
 uhhhhhh maybe early nineties before other bands they woulda been a hit but now i ca n't believe i paid the $ 3.00 for this .
 This is the same stuff that the music industry keeps forcing down our throats . These guys need to get their own sound and stop stealing lyrics and riffs from sub-par , glam bands like Goo Goo Dolls and Matchbox 20 . These guys are not good . I heard they broke up . Believe me , it was for the best . Thankfully , I will never have to listen to their music again .
 Warning
 Whats going on here ?? You guys call this representative of Canon 's work !? You 're all crazy . Well ok , i 'm being too hard ... his hard bop style is diplayed decently in this collection , but where 's the funk !? I 'm guessing that Mercy , Mercy , Mercy was n't a `` verve '' record , and thus , this record is lacking a whole part of Canon 's style ! For anyone who wants to hear Canon and his brother , Nat , rip through several hard bop and soul-inflected tunes , please check out `` mercy mercy mercy '' ... its live taboot !
 I love Connie Francis in Italian , so I thought I would like this CD . And it 's not her accent in Spanish that bothers me , it 's the rhythm . I do n't know if it is the fault of the arrangers or of Connie herself , but her boleros do n't sound like boleros . If you want to hear an English-speaking singer who got it right , listen to Nat King Cole in Spanish ! His accent is terrible , but his phrasing and sense of the Latin beat are perfect !
 I love Connie Francis in Italian , so I thought I would like this CD . And it 's not her accent in Spanish that bothers me , it 's the rhythm . I do n't know if it is the fault of the arrangers or of Connie herself , but her boleros do n't sound like boleros . If you want to hear an English-speaking singer who got it right , listen to Nat King Cole in Spanish ! His accent is terrible , but his phrasing and sense of the Latin beat are perfect !
 There is a reason you ca n't listen to samples of this CD . As an accomplished masseuse , I can say without reservation this CD is terrible ,
 A bad parody of &#34; My Fair Lady . &#34; Only redeeming feature are the extras provided by Nancy Walker , whose voice always belts out a song with clarity and sincerity .
 This cd was on a family members ` wish list ' for Christmas , so I purchased it as one of her gifts . It took quite a while to arrive , longer than the rest of our orders , which were extensive , andunfortunately when it arrived , even though it was in a box , the cd jewel case had a crack in it half way across the plastic . The cd was shrink-wrapped with a bar of soap I had also ordered . The box did n't have the slightest dent or wrinkle in it , so I can only assume the cracked case must have been that way when they boxed it up for shipping -LRB- ?! -RRB- It was too late to send it back to exchange it , as it took so long to get here , I knew an exchange would not arrive by Christmas , so I just gave it as the gift , with a note of apology about the crack , when I wrapped it up . I left a note for the seller , that this had occurred , but never did even receive a note of ` sorry ' back from them . Luckily the cd , itself , was okay , and plays fine . It was only the case that was damaged , but irritating to have to give it as a gift in that condition ! Sorry to say , I would be hesitant to order again from this company .
 The quality of the CD is not great . That , in itself , would not be terrible , but most of the selections were not well sung . I was very surprised . The reason I bought it was that I heard the song `` I Put A Spell On You '' on a dance show . I had never heard the song before , but I really liked it . Maybe I was caught up with the dancing and the music just enhanced it . The rest of the CD was not very good . Sorry , Nina .
 I was looking for 1 song . I got that , of sorts . The rest was not what I wanted or even liked . I did not enjoy the CD at all .
 really want to put any more money into suge 's pocket ? any deathrow fan should have these songs already and nobody care 's about petey pablo anyway .
 i think this album is just suge trying to get death row back on the scene . it has some classic tracks on it , but where is ` Wit Dre Day ' ` How Do U Want It ' ` What Would U Do ' ` Who Am I ' ` Murder Was The Case ' ` Natural Born Killaz ' and many others that should always be mentioned when u talk about death rows greatest hits.If you do n't know what death row is about then just look at their back catalogue and you will see classic albums , too many to truly make a greatest hits album that would have every classic track on it . this album is just a money spinner for suge . i suggest buying ` The Chronic ' ` Doggystyle ' ` All Eyez On Me ' ` Dogg Food ' & some more of the back catlogue and have a classic collection of your own.R.I.P . Tupac Shakur
 The music here is unique , subtle , intense , and very beautiful ... but this `` remaster '' is appalling . Muddy , like a non-Dolby cassette with the Dolby turned on ; detail gets lost in the murk . And the master tapes sound damaged , particularly during the first track -LRB- lots of breakup -RRB- . I have a 15 year old tape of this album , and my cassette sounds better than this CD . Very disappointing .
 I love Dar Williams but I 'm afraid she got it all wrong in this concert . Even the audience could n't muster much enthusiasm for her introspective , half-hearted folk-rap ... OK to tell stories , OK to sing songs but Dar , do n't try doing both together . Disjointed and un-moving . Not art.Spend your money on `` My better self '' instead . Sorry Dar ! Simon
 I am about to give up on him . He seems to be rehashing his old songs and compiling them into poorly produced albums , or his songwriting on new pieces does not break new ground . Loudon -- dig deep into that creative spot and give us something really new that knocks our socks off . An exception on this is the One Man Guy , that one is great .
 I bought this hoping it would be mellow and non-intrusive like the Karma Moffett cd I bought . Nope . This is what I think about when visualize cheesy new age music . Not terrible , just not my thing .
 Warning , there is a reason there are no samples of this cd to listen to . I 'm a big fan of the diggeredo , but as a massage tape , well Not So Much . .
 I loved the music but the first 5 minutes of the CD skipped and would not play . Bummer .
 If I had come to hear Daniel Melingo the first time via H2O , I would have given short shrift to any suggestion that I listen to any of his later albums . With music so jejune here , how could he have possibly come up with anything worthwhile later ? The fact is that he did and I am stoked that I was able to enjoy his most recent CD and the one just previous to it before subjecting myself to this miserable twaddle.I knew Melingo only as an inventive Tango Nuevo musician . Because there is no posted product description for H2O and no 30-second clips available for sampling , there is no way that I could have known that this CD is mostly an awful stew of bad reggae `` en espanol '' , disco `` en espanol '' , and some fairly pedestrian South American pop.When I first listened , I came very close to ejecting it from the CD player and using it as a Frisbee after hearing just the first two songs . But I got distracted and ended by not doing so . However , that 's not to say that the music got much better . The saving grace which keeps this from being a one star record lies in a fairly interesting and strongly percussive Melingo composition called Dub 78 , some decent percussion on Maldito Policia , and Juan , a relaxing piece that brings the CD to a merciful end.This CD is a stinker in search of a dump and it is recordings like these that make devices like I-Pods more appealing all the time . There is no way I want to hear most of these songs again . But I would n't mind listening to the three I mentioned on occasion . If you like the music of Melingo because you 've heard some of his fine Tango Nuevo recordings , be aware there is no tango here . But if its tepid reggae and lame disco/electronica you seek , there 's plenty here for you to enjoy . I usually buy new CDs , in this case I am thankful that I ordered a used one .
 The cut I had heard was lovely piano but the rest of the CD does not measure up . A big dissappointment .
 Hi Billie fans , It 's absolutely infuriating that Sony , when it did the Great American Songbook reissue for Billie Holiday , implanted an instant-install rootkit copy protection scheme . The same goes for the Louis Armstrong and Frank Sinatra Great American Songbook CDs.While the copy supposedly for sale on Amazon is Polygram , and Amazon returned all its rootkit-implanted CDs to Sony , it is not 100 % guaranteed that you will be getting the early Polygram issue from a Marketplace seller -- a seller may supply you with a used Sony-made/rootkit copy , without being aware of the problem . Sony made these rootkit CDs between 2004 and 2005 . If you have or buy a CD with bar code number 827969429426 , then you have a CD with a rootkit problem.This Sony rootkit -LRB- The XCP rootkit -RRB- lodges itself in your Windows operating system if you so much as put the CD in your computer 's drive , sends info to Sony , affects your performance , and has been exploited by hackers since 2004 . Rootkits are notoriously difficult to detect and dislodge , and you have two options
 this is a horrible cd . sound is so tinny and glaring . recording is very subpar and inconsistent ; volume fades in and out . not definitely recommendable .
 There are hardly any songs on here that are n't dealing with sex . I bought this when it came out because it was on sale at my local record store , and was disgusted when I listened to it . I like rap a lot , in fact I have several rap/hip-hop CDs , but this is just porn music . These guys need to grow up and realize that women are people too , not just sex toys . We Want Some P *** y ? Bill So Horny ? Rap can actually be an art form , not just a medium for 20 somethings to get horny over . If you want some intelligent rap with actual MEANING behind the lyrics , get something by De La Soul , Jurassic 5 or Outkast . Seriously , if anybody worships this music , forget about having a girlfriend who is n't a prostitute .
 I teach yoga and meditation and use music for class . I really like Shamanic Dream 1 and 2 , but this is bit high pitched and hissy . I think that it 's meant to sound celestial , but I find it actually a bit agitating .
 It was a pretty movie visually , but there is no plot and the character relationships go nowhere . It may be interesting to watch once , but only if you are very awake ! It 's a snoozer for sure ...
 We bought this movie for our daughter 's French class . We were disappointed that there were n't English subtitles for all of the dialogue - some of the words that were not the main character speaking were not translated . Also , the plot was very slow .
 Nothing much happens in this movie . The movie moves so slow , 106 minutes feel like 4 hours . Of the 106 minutes , 90 are merely scenes of the African landscape accompanied by music . Yes , it is beautiful but I 'd rather have a storyline.The social and sexual tensions are barely explored , they are barely grazed , merely hinted at . I fast forwarded through half the movie , hoping to stumble upon a good scene that never came . Slow moving , tediously boring and with a plot that is never explored . The racial relations are purely explored . We get more exploration of racial and sexual relations in `` Growing Pains - The Complete First Season '' PLUS a message of the week !
 In reading the other reviews posted , I feel as though I missed something . Granted , the scenery is quite beautiful and the characters are interesting , but I failed to find any sort of plot . It took me over a week to watch the entire movie , as I would get bored and turn it off . I kept hoping that eventually the story would make sense , only to be disappointed .
 I 've ended up with this movie three times while trying to rent the Juliette Binoche/Johnny Depp movie by the same name . My wife and I tried to watch it twice and finally succeeded , but it was only with the help of the fast-forward button -LRB- which we used to speed through 80 % of the thing -RRB- . I agree with others who 've said that the cinematography is nice , but there is no plot , no character development , no continuity -- nothing to carry you from one occasionally pretty bit of scenery to the next.If there was any tension to the film , anything that inspired your curiosity and made you keep viewing , it was the burning question of when something was actually going to happen.It was not that it did n't have potential , either . The film was ripe for explorations of racial issues and of the inner landscape of the white girl who 'd returned to the Africa of her youth , of all the things that could go along with returning home after a long time away even , but none of that happened . The film just blundered from one place to the next without saying or revealing anything.Before I saw the 4 - and 5-star reviews here , I suspected that the only way the movie managed to stay in stock at the local video store was because it kept getting confused with the other Chocolat movie . Maybe that 's why it got the same name , so people would be forced to watch it?If you want great cinematography and a story that will hold your attention , go for something like `` Out From Africa '' . If , however , you have been unable to sleep and need an insomnia cure , this is the one for you.This one is uncontested in the # 1 position on my `` dud '' list .
 The singing is not really exciting . The arrangements are poor and played on electronics . Overall , a disappointment.The seller was excellent , good price and speedy delivery.Fausto , NJ
 This cd was on a family members ` wish list ' for Christmas , so I purchased it as one of her gifts . It took quite a while to arrive , longer than the rest of our orders , which were extensive , andunfortunately when it arrived , even though it was in a box , the cd jewel case had a crack in it half way across the plastic . The cd was shrink-wrapped with a bar of soap I had also ordered . The box did n't have the slightest dent or wrinkle in it , so I can only assume the cracked case must have been that way when they boxed it up for shipping -LRB- ?! -RRB- It was too late to send it back to exchange it , as it took so long to get here , I knew an exchange would not arrive by Christmas , so I just gave it as the gift , with a note of apology about the crack , when I wrapped it up . I left a note for the seller , that this had occurred , but never did even receive a note of ` sorry ' back from them . Luckily the cd , itself , was okay , and plays fine . It was only the case that was damaged , but irritating to have to give it as a gift in that condition ! Sorry to say , I would be hesitant to order again from this company .
 The quality of the CD is not great . That , in itself , would not be terrible , but most of the selections were not well sung . I was very surprised . The reason I bought it was that I heard the song `` I Put A Spell On You '' on a dance show . I had never heard the song before , but I really liked it . Maybe I was caught up with the dancing and the music just enhanced it . The rest of the CD was not very good . Sorry , Nina .
 I was looking for 1 song . I got that , of sorts . The rest was not what I wanted or even liked . I did not enjoy the CD at all .
 Songs like `` Follow My Way '' , `` Ca n't Change Me '' and `` Flutter Girl '' are admittedly catchy . Cornell 's voice is strong throughout . But , ultimately , this is coming-out music for someone who just bought their first grunge clothes at JC Penney .
 Chris Cornell and Soundgarden used to make great rock music . What has happened to him now . Has he become mellow and been diluted by a love interest . Most of the songs reflect this . I was a massive fan of Soundgarden and bought the CD because of this . I cant say enough how dissapointed I am at this poor attempt at an album . Soundgarden R.I.P
 I have been a fan of Soundgarden since the release of Louder then Love , and I absolutely loved Cornell 's work in Temple of the Dog , but this CD does n't compare to his previous work.This CD lacks the passion and intensity of all of his earlier work . There is not a single song on this CD that even resmbles something other then a ballad . And while the CD is slow and melodic , it lacks any real hook or feel that I have come to expect from Cornell.Unfortunately , this CD is just flat out boring .
 I was hoping to be blown away by Mr. Cornell 's cannon of a voice , but instead found myself falling asleep to uninspired lyrics and down right awful music . All you have to do is look at the pictures of Chris in the booklet to realize this Knight of the Soundtable has lost his way . Avoid this one like the plague .
 This CD has no remnant of what Soundgarden was . Any fan that 's mourning the breakup should listen to the old albums and spare themselves this souless pop .
 I used to be a Soundgarden fan , but I have to say that this is a very dissapointing album . Boring , and without great lyrics or music . Do yourself a favor
 As a fan of Soundgarden since the release of Louder Than Love in the late 80 's , I have to respond to Snagdabiskit 's review by saying that longtime fans are not all admirers of Chris 's new album . Sure , I would have felt sad to see Soundgarden dragging on like the bloated corpses of Deep Purple or Black Sabbath , but I think they were a LONG way from that point at the end . I really find it impossible to accept Chris as a crooner . I mean just look at the pictures of Chris in the booklet and listen to the lyrics ! He looks like he is going to sell Gap clothes on TV , and the lyrics seem to be all of the `` I am a bad boy , so stay away , little girl . -LRB- But I 'm SO sensitive ! -RRB- '' variety . Chris should listen to the solo work of Mark Lanegan of Screaming Trees . His solo albums have all been spectacular . His solo work compliments the work he did with the Trees . Chris 's new work and current `` sensitive bad boy '' image contradicts the music of Soundgarden , which was intelligent , honest , visceral hard rock . I play all of Soundgarden 's CDs repeatedly . I bought Chris 's CD , listened only once , and sold it .
 Well . I came in with an unbiased view . The only Soundgarden song I 've ever heard has been `` Black Hole Sun '' and though I liked it , I never bothered to pick up a SG cd . When I heard the first single `` She 's Going to Change the World '' -LRB- I think that 's right . . -RRB- off Euphoria Morning , I was entranced . However , when I bought the cd and listened to it , I realized that this cd was more of a one-hit -LRB- actually , 2 and a half -RRB- album for me . The other song that I actually had the desire to listen to again was `` Mission '' , which was one of the very few songs that had a melody that could be memorable . `` Preaching the End of the World '' was decent , but not extraordinary . I found Cornell 's lyrics very interesting , but the music that went with them just left me bored . I would much rather have seen Cornell put out a Jewel-like poetry book then this cd .
 Yes , I am a big fan of Soundgarden . I was mad that they broke up . I was happy to find out chris cornell was coming out with a solo cd . This cd has only one good song on it , ca n't change me , but that ; s just my opinion . I just got it today , and i wish i spent my money on something better . Oh well , maybe i 'll learn to like it . I just want to say , i was horribly disappointed , and i 'm happy for all you people who love this new cd , it 's just that ... i do n't .
 As an avid Cornell fan , I found this CD to be somewhat bland and very disappointing . Cornell proved to be one of the decade 's premiere songwriters and I expected so much more from this release . The music was n't as ambitious as I had anticipated and some great lyrics were done in by suspect music . No song on here lives up to his earlier solo songs , nor do they have the inventiveness of his Temple of the Dog songs . I really ca n't remember when I 've been more let down by a CD and only take heart in the fact that his next release can only be better .
 SORRY FANS OF CHRIS CORNELL . I THOUGHT THAT IF I LISTENED TO THE ALBUM MYSELF . THAT I WOULD ENJOY IT . BUT IT 'S BORING I SHOULD HAVE LISTEN TO THE OTHER REVIEWERS ON HERE . CHRIS NEEDS TO GET BACK WITH SOUNDGARDEN THAT 'S AN EXCELLENT ALBUM . LATER CHRIS TRY BETTER NEXT TIME .
 Cornell of course has put out a wide range of exceptional music . This CD , however , is probably his weakest effort . No song really stands out and the whole album stinks of average . This album came out right after Soundgarden broke up , so Cornell probably thought that he could do everything himself . Unfortunantly , the lack of skilled instrumentation really comes through . The songs seems to meander and go nowhere . Cornell also makes the mistake of dragging his songs out for 4 or 5 minutes even the verses simply repeat themselves -LRB- this problem sometimes appered on Soundgarden albums.On a positive note , for those who are not appreciated of Cornell 's shrieks and the loud guitars of some of his other bands , this album provides Cornell at his mellowist . Personally , I think Cornell appears average when he is average and only comes through when he really lets loose . But for those he like an acoustic laid back feel -LRB- as in some Temple of the Dog songs -RRB- for Cornell this might be interesting . The truth is you would have to be a serious fan of Cornell to really appreciate this album .
 This is the best Cornell solo effort and thats not saying a lot . Try out his AudioSlave or Soundgarden stuff it 's amazing but this is bland and soulless like his Scream album .
 He totally let me down on this ill attempt from original music . I hope He will go away soon !
 Nothing on this cd to make me want to play it more than once
 I am a fan of Soundgarden , not huge , the dull , muddy guitar sound gets tiresome , I also like audioslave , although the album is a bit overplayed.So maybe I 'd like this right ? Nope , I found myself nodding off to sleep listening to this , although there is a bit of that angsty , painful sound to his voice painting the corners of this album , overall it seems lifeless and his voice sounds a bit like whining . The music itself is n't great , but it is n't terrible , and if there was some better song writing , this album would 've been better . On more than a few songs there are potential , lyrically for a hook , or that throaty crescendo that we all are used to from cornell , but nope , there is no apex to these songs , they scale the mountaintop and right before they reach the top come stumbling back down.Perhaps its Cornell 's intention to sound like a weathered and beaten man on this album , but the angle gets old early on in the album and by late in the album i kept wondering , `` When will this end ? `` I know Cornell probably wanted to differientiate himself from Soundgarden with this album and changed the lyrical style , too bad it does n't work .
 Soundgarden rules . No doubt about it . But if this is the best Chris Cornell can do on his own , he should bring the band back . This album is painfully bad . I was reaching for the advil midway through the third song . This is NOT anything like temple of the dog either . Any moron who loved this album was not a big fan of BadMotorFinger .
 Hes an awesome singser but he needs the guys from audioslave or soundgarden to back him up . Not that he needs it but when they are together they make the best music known !!!
 Lyrically , Cornell sounds like a sub-literate 14 year old scribbling deep thoughts in a spiral notebook
 it seems as though chris is missing help from a external producer on this album . he doesnt just let it flow . it becomes blah after the first 5 songs . it might be worth buying , but it certainly wo n't make anybodies top ten list .
 I ca n't believe the other reviewers were reviewing the same dvd . This is a great movie , do n't get me wrong . It 's Kurasawa , after all . My one star is for the people at Mei Ah who put out this dvd . Whoever did the subtitle translation did not speak English well enough to graduate from a level one ESL class . The subtitles are truly terrible , sometimes bizarre , and I thought at times I was dreaming I was watching a Monty Python skit . Alas , I was not ; this was for real . Such a shame .
 Two and a half hours of god awful , boring , nonsense about tishura mifune trying to get revenge against a corrupt company -- by pretending somebody is dead , marrying the boss 's crippled daughter , and other nonsense , with ruins from ww2 eventually thrown into the mix , to make some pretentious statement.It 's like the crazy stuff Fritz Lang made in Hollywood in the 1930s and 40s -LRB- FURY , THE WOMAN IN THE WINDOW -RRB- -- but directed by Kurosawa!A lot of people are giving this junk a good review just because of the director , and not on the material itself .
 I thought-someone told me that-Ed McBain was the writer of the short story , where the movie was based on.That 's why I bought it.I did not find any confirmation or clue on this.Can anyone help me , I am intriged.Thanks.P.S.Movie is OK . if you like this japanese form of art .
 This is a wonderful movie , but do not buy this DVD . The technical information omits the publisher , but it 's Mei Ah , a Hong Kong company that produces a number of Kurosawa films . Unfortunately , they seem to add subtitles by translating the Japanese into Chinese and then translating the Chinese into English . The result is some of the worst subtitles I have ever seen . The transfer quality is poor too , but the subtitles are the real killer . If you want to see this movie , get the VHS or wait for somebody like Criterion to publish a high-quality DVD .
 If you wan na hear some real tight beats check out : Rap Beats Hip Hop Beats All Instrumental Music Volume 2
 Instrumental Icons pretty much began their instrumental series with this disc of renditions of hit rap songs all done by them . My major ought against this cd is that these are not the real beats !!!!!!!!! These are some embarrassingly third-rate imitations of some great beats . '' What up gangsta ? '' , '' How we do '' , and other great beats have all been ruined by these guys . As a rapper , I 'm very appalled to see this cd in the stores and i 'd be very embarrassed to rap over any of these low-rent knock-offs . '' New York '' was n't done too bad , But it 's still notches below the original . My advice
 My gut feeling is that Ashanti spends more time at the Burberry and Louis Vuitton boutiques than in the studio . Her success is credited to aggressive hype , product positioning , and a talented marketing team . The songs have no regard for originality , depth , or innovation , and they 're cleverly packaged for ignorant , ghetto children who gaze at the television watching `` 106 & Park . '' Her singles , like this one , are played to -LSB- much -RSB- on the radio , and they blare out of towering , life-size speakers at these trendy hip hop clubs . She accepts awards named after well-established divas , even though she has n't established herself as an artist and does n't even possess any real stage presence ... People , the madness must stop , and we have the power to control the fate of popular music . Let 's shun product like this , and break away from our comfort zones by recognizing the truly talented artists out there . This single ai n't doin ' it for me at all .
 Although I usually enjoy Ashanti 's music , I 'd have to say her single `` Happy '' holds a spot as one of her worst songs . It has a slow boring beat and airy , echoing vocals . It samples Gap Band 's `` Outstanding '' , but oh well , what do you expect ? Also , this single also includes `` Call '' , her album 's WORST track . Please , for your own good , skip this .
 okay both songs sample the gap band 's outstanding just one version 's sounds more up to date while the remix samples ya 'll can do better .
 Well , since this is a Jennifer Lopez song , so the riff must be a sample from some famous song . What could it be ... ah , yes , The Beatnuts ' `` Watch Out Now '' ! Why does she always do that ? `` Ai n't It Funny '' remix used music from Craig Mack 's `` Flava in Ya Ear '' -LRB- and that in itself may be a sample -RRB- , `` I 'm Real '' remix used Rick James 's `` Mary Jane '' , and `` I 'm Gon na Be Alright '' remix is from Club Nouveau 's `` Why You Treat Me So Bad '' -LRB- okay , to all younger fans , Luniz 's `` I Got 5 on It '' -RRB- . I personally think that it 's to get more `` black '' fans because she 's been criticized for being a sellout to white America . Either way , this song is wack . And do n't get me started on her singing ability .
 I do n't get Her overall success at all as for what She calls Singing.She is Pimping Her Old Neighborhood & has Brought Ben Aflack aboard.it seems all like Window Dressing too me.She wrecks a tight Beat that was a Jam for the Beatnuts a couple years back.the trip out thing about this song is that She is working with the Lox who use too work on Bad Boy Records which has Puffy-P-Diddy behind it who also use to be associated with J-Lo . small world huh ?
 Truly the most overrated , weak voice singer of the present , Jennifer Lopez returns to the music scene with this single where she sings about her roots . `` Jenny From the Block '' is Ms. Lopez 's answer to critics who say that she has changed from a nice girl who grew up in the Castle Hill section of the Bronx , made it big , moved out to Los Angeles , and forgot about the people who made her . The truth is she has.This single which features Lopez 's trademark weak vocals is a poor shout out to her neighborhood . The reality is that once one makes it big , they find greener pastures to graze on . Just like James Dean 's character in the film `` Giant , '' a bigshot forgets about the people who were there in past for them . This song which mixes hip hop and pop is not original like many songs we hear on the radio , and unlike Lopez 's past singles , this song will have very little chance of becoming a successful remix . With her front page hijinks and her numerous paramours , it is hard for me and many others to believe that Jennifer is still the same , old `` Jenny From the Block . '' The days following September 11 , 2001 , New York City really needed all her native children to help this great city recover from an act of evil . Many stars answered that call , yet Lopez was no where in sight , preferring to remain in California . With this fact , this song is most geered to her biggest fans . In conclusion , a poor single with a weak message .
 I could n't agree more with the other reviewers who lament the fact that this CD has an altered version of Castles in the Air . The * original * version of `` Castles in the Air '' is one of my favorite McLean tracks.Please note that there are THREE versions of Castles in the Air . McLean completely redid the track as a much slower version -LRB- 3:40 vs. the original 2:54 -RRB- in 1981 , and that version appears on a lot of the compilations . The version on this CD is the same length as the original -LRB- and uses the original vocals -RRB- , but it 's a remix that adds cheesy synth-horns and stuff.But wait , folks . See , that 's not the worst part . The worst part is there was plenty of room on this CD for * both * the original and the cheesy remix and , given that the original version was , well , the original version , and given how many of us love it , there was absolutely no excuse for keeping it off the CD -LRB- in addition to the remix -RRB- . So that 's why I say , let 's discourage record companies from playing these kinds of games by refusing to buy products that are this poorly -LRB- and thoughtlessly , and stingily -RRB- put together.Also please note
 This album is nothing but a collection of boring , predictable sound samples heard on thousands of other `` blue light '' special cds selling for 1/10 the price Elfin Music charges here at amazon . The artist uses poor technique , not to mention other artists ' ideas , and presents them as his own.Ed Van Fleet 's music is sounding more dated all the time ; this album is no exception . The genre is NEW age ... not OLD age ...
 This was not what I expected . To modern for me . I had wanted the words to `` MustBe Santa '' song . Received them by other means .
 If you 're a historical of doo-wop and early R&B , there are definitely some forgotten tracks but most casual listeners or even for most - the sound quality is just poor . It 's not the fault of the CD distributor , I 'm sure they found what they could to work with . Music is worthy of a listen but unfortunately the CD sound quality is poor .
 Can these guys even play ? It sounds like amateur hour at the local open mike night . Sloppy playing and thoughtless arrangements of a few standards and a couple of originals . It 's basically a straight-ahead quintet with Sun Ra noodling above it all on synthesizer apparently whenever the spirit moves him . I laughed out loud several times at his absurd interjections . None of the soloists generate much excitement and the occasional interesting idea is never explored or developed . Gilmore especially sounds tired and bored . Maybe Sun Ra is a jazz legend but this record sounded like jive to me .
 The content here is probably pretty good . I am not a Powell afficionado and left the picking and choosing to Verve . Verve should have left the sound to somebody else . The sound quality is just awful . The pitch is wrong most of the time which is probably due to tape stretch and speed problems . I guess it is a stretch to think that any recording before about 57 or 58 would sound worth a damn . Sorry Bud . You were born too soon and I guess died too young . Check out the Blue Note RVG 's instead . Leave this one in the bargain bin .
 I was anxious to hear the latest CD by Holly Cole because I own `` Do n't Smoke In Bed '' and Temptation '' and they are 2 of my favorite CD 's . Unfortunately , `` Holly Cole '' , just does not appeal to me . What happened to her unique style and the Trios great musical arrangements ? This latest CD reminds me of background music and the recording is not nearly as good as the previous CD 's I mentioned above . I will continue to listen to `` Do n't Smoke In Bed '' and `` Temptation '' on a regular basis but `` Holly Cole '' will probably spend most of it 's time in my CD rack .
 White Line Fever . No , it 's not that exciting . White line as in so middle of the road it should have a strip of white paint running down the album cover.The beautiful Ms Cole has a beautiful voice and she knows how to wield it.Listening to Holly Cole Holly Cole -LRB- featuring Holly Cole -RRB- felt like witnessing a magic trick in which the extraordinary was rendered ordinary.A great dish of ointment .
 I would have really loved to have a modern CD transfer of this great album , but unfortunately this overpriced Japanese `` mini LP '' CD is the mono version .
 Tal parece que hubiesen escogido canciones al azar solo para llenar un disco . Algunas de las canciones ni siquiera han sido exitos . Se dejan fuera una cantidad increible de exitos que no debieron ser pasados por alto . Si interesas un resumen de lo mejor de Lissette esta No es la mejor opcion . Pobre compilacion . No recomendado
 Everyone has their own fave Billie Holiday , I guess - this ai n't mine . It 's mostly remakes made in the 50 's , and they sound antiseptic compared with the originals . In particular `` Strange fruit '' a song about lynching , is undercut by an amateur , theatrical piano . It 's not that Billie lost her touch -LRB- aircheck recordings from the 50 's reveal brilliance -RRB- , but Verve really undercut her voice here . Too bad .
 Dark Tranquillity 's first album for Century Media is a disappointment . Excessive keyboards cloud the mix , and Mikael Stanne 's clean vocals are cringe-inducing . The mood is mid-tempo quasi-goth , suggesting a second-rate Sisters of Mercy . The songs run long , the hooks are few , and the band is n't tight . Skip this album in favor of later , stronger efforts .
 Everyone has their own fave Billie Holiday , I guess - this ai n't mine . It 's mostly remakes made in the 50 's , and they sound antiseptic compared with the originals . In particular `` Strange fruit '' a song about lynching , is undercut by an amateur , theatrical piano . It 's not that Billie lost her touch -LRB- aircheck recordings from the 50 's reveal brilliance -RRB- , but Verve really undercut her voice here . Too bad .
 Can these guys even play ? It sounds like amateur hour at the local open mike night . Sloppy playing and thoughtless arrangements of a few standards and a couple of originals . It 's basically a straight-ahead quintet with Sun Ra noodling above it all on synthesizer apparently whenever the spirit moves him . I laughed out loud several times at his absurd interjections . None of the soloists generate much excitement and the occasional interesting idea is never explored or developed . Gilmore especially sounds tired and bored . Maybe Sun Ra is a jazz legend but this record sounded like jive to me .
 I ca n't believe they released this on DVD . I bought it at a local store , and luckily was able to return it.The only person who would really like this is a HardCore Hornsby fan who is obsessed and needs to own everything he/she can that is Hornsby related.Mainly , it 's the sound quality . There are times where it actually fades out , like you 're listening to an old beat up cassette that is on it 's last legs.The picture quality is n't any better . It was very poorly filmed and recorded.Musically , it is a decent performance for the most part , although early in the group 's history . I 've heard them play much better . Maybe I was just too distracted by the quality to really enjoy it.I 'm sorry .
 For a concert DVD , I can accept average video , but the audio still has to be listenable . I watched this with headphones on and it gets painful on many of the songs - it sounds like someone left the master tape sitting in the rain before they transfered this to DVD . It fluctuates so bad at times you ca n't even hear much of anything .
 This is Fred Astaire , with hired studio musicians , doing songs from his movies . He 's not a great singer , but such a great consummate performer , that in his movies , he brings across these songs perfectly , because the moment calls for it , and he 's too great a performer not to deliver at the highest level.But here , he 's just singing the songs for fun . He obviously likes the songs , and had the money and/or influence to make this collection , but it lacks the charm of the movie performances.Still , he 's a pro , and so is the band , so it 's a professional effort . But it lacks the old Fred Astaire magic.Bottom line , if you 're looking for the movie versions , you 'll be disappointed .
 I am amazed at all these positive reviews . True the songs are great and the arrangements terrific , but Astaire is speaking these songs half the time , as if his voice had gone . And the acoustic is such that he sounds as if he was recorded separately and added on to the band . Can someone tell me what I am missing and why I am the only one disappointed before I toss this in the trash ??
 Maybe 11/2 . I regret this purchase and should have just bough the song on itunes .
 After reading the reviews here on Amazon.com I bought this cd but was n't impressed much after listening to it . The remixes are in no way unique and appear too repititious . The only decent remixes of this song is perhaps the `` Murk Miami and the Peter Rauhofer Reconstruction mix . '' Decent . Not great ! On the contrary , Kristine W 's `` Lovin You '' cd maxi single of earlier talent is a much better choice with track number four -LRB- Johnny Vicious Club Mix -RRB- probably being the best remix . Check out the sales to date here at amazon.com alone . The DJ 's Hex Hector , Junior Vasquez , Richard Humpty and Johnny Vicious did outstanding work with that single . THIS WOMAN CAN TRULY SING !
 This is pure commercial fluff . The theme song was edited on this disc . You ca n't even get a full length version of that terribly cheesy theme song . Maybe that song is a hit in some unfashionable gay nightclubs . But , in real cutting edge electronica / dance clubs that track never gets a spin.This is a weak attempt to introduce dance or electronica artists to the mass market . I am going to do everyone a favor and reccommend the true essentials of dance music or electronica.Buy these albums before you ever even consider purchasing this horrendous silly Queer Eye compilation.Simple Things - Zero 7Discovery - Daft PunkParis Under A Groove - Various ArtistsTourist - St GermainPlay - MobyHotel Costes 5 - Various ArtistsBeautiful Tomorrow - Blue SixChemical Brothers - The SinglesUnderworld - A hundred days offMassive Attack - MezzanineThat 's a good start . Its amazing that these so called specialists on fashion , design , food and music , actually know nothing about putting together an interesting mix of music that currently is available on these other albums . Capitol Records and The Queer Eye producers need a make over .
 save your money ! unless your really into the ` thats what i call music ' series ! this is the adult version !
 The trick is simple
 Too bad I ca n't give a zero star . I liked the music on the show , so was expecting to get a CD containing bouncy , high-energy tunes . Instead the show 's title tune was the only song that had these qualities . All the other songs were either boring or too hard rock . Save your money on this CD and just buy the title tune 's extended CD .
 I think that many of the previous reviews must have been written by bravo and NBC employees ... . all we wanted was the high energy version of `` All Things '' from the tv show ... we waited forever , paid our money , and all we got was the mix version from the video -LRB- not nearly as good , not even close -RRB- . This is why p2p networks keep going , becuase corporate America just ca n't get it right . Why can I buy the song from Gilligan 's Island , but I ca n't buy the Queer Eye theme as it sounds on the show ... . that 's all I want ... . was it asking too much ? Big DUH to the marketers , AND to the queer eye guys becuase they thumbed up this CD ... . get real !
 The version of ALL THINGS is not the same as the TV version . It has a different beat and I ca n't get into . I wish I could have listened to it first before I bought it . I wasted my money ...
 One of the best parts about the show `` Queer Eye for the Straight Guy '' has to be the music - bouncy , upbeat and extremely danceable . So when the soundtrack finally came out I eagerly snapped it up . What a disappointment ! Aside from an edgier version of the main theme -LRB- `` All Things Just Keep Getting Better '' -RRB- none of the music that was heard on the show was on it . It looked like Capitol Records chose these 13 songs without an ounce of thought into it.After listening to it once , I ended up trading it in at one of those `` We Pay Cash For Your Used CD 's '' stores . Hopefully the next `` Queer Eye For The Straight Guy '' soundtrack will be a little more truthful and have music from the actual show -LRB- including the original version of `` All Things Just Keep Getting Better '' -RRB- and not from -LRB- for the most part -RRB- musical performers on the Capitol label who need a career boost .
 A simple question for the record company and the producers of the show
 Sorry , the songs on the cable series are bouncy and catchy . I ca n't say that about the CD . The only decent portion is the music video you can watch on your PC.Typical fluff album , one song , the rest a big yawn . Another 13.99 + tax wasted .
 The theme song from the show has been remixed for the CD , unfortunately ; the rhythm track is annoying and robs the song of its original appeal . Why could n't they have included the TV version as a bonus track ? File this under `` disappointment . ''
 If the song `` Disappointed '' by Electronic had been included on this disc , then I might not have been so ... disappointed . Like some of the other reviewers , I was expecting a full-length version of the Queer Eye theme song . Instead there 's a mixed version that is n't very good in my opinion . I feel like I 've been duped by the record company . The rest of the songs on the CD are n't bad . The Duran Duran song is pretty good . But my expectations focused on the Queer Eye theme song , which has left my disappointed .
 We all have bad days ... and while I emphatically agree with the other reviewers that Carol is a major talent , this album lacks the energy and enthusiasm of her earlier ones . Also , the covers of `` Ca n't Help Falling In Love '' and `` Every Breath You Take '' made me hit the skip button . If you like this album though , you will be blown away by her first two albums `` LUCKY TO BE ME '' and `` INCLINED '' . I bought `` The Language of Love '' on the blind , and while there are a few good tracks , I wish now I would have listened to it in the store first.To be sure , I played `` INCLINED '' right after listening to this album , and there is NO comparison.My advice , listen to it first before you buy it ... but in all fairness to Carol , the aforementioned two other albums are incredible , and I highly recommend them .
 DITTO what ' A Music Fan ' said . The ONLY good thing about this album was the arrangements -LRB- which explains why I gave the album one star -RRB- . She should , maybe , just stick to playing piano .
 I bought this CD because of all the glowing reviews it received . I ca n't believe we 're listening to the same album . All I heard was an overly breathy , average singer whose range isnt great -LSB- but like the advice in the Sondheim song she `` modulates '' -RSB- and who lacks all a real singer 's talents when it comes to interpreting and playing with the melody.To compare , I think Connie Evingson has a similar kind of voice , but is a MUCH better singer and interpreter of jazz music . And if you want to listen to REAL jazz greats , I suggest Carmen Lundy and Paula West.Maybe it 's just my taste , because the other reviewers had quite a different impression of this singer . I think she was carried along by a great band , but if you like the singers I 've listed , I doubt you 'll like Carol
 If I could give this album no stars , I would . This album is pitiful ! Peterson cant swing for his life . Ray Brown is good here , and I just ca n't figure Ed Thigpen out . Man , this was terrible . If you buy this , you will be dissapointed !!
 If you do n't know about the symponic suite -LRB- the one with the music you actually hear in the game itself -RRB- you may want to seriously reconsider your purchase of this soundtrack . In Dragon Quest VIII , nearly every peice of music is fully orchestrated , giving the music more depth and ability to set a mood than most other games could ever dream of . HOWEVER , this is not the case as far as this soundtrack is concerned . By `` original '' , they mean the synthesized , spiritless tunes that were originally composed for the game that were eventually replaced . Needless to say , they pale in comparison to their orchestrated counterparts . A soundtrack is a movie or game with nothing other than the music , yet it still costs more than the game or movie itself ... that being said , why would you want the music to be of a lower quality ?
 I love Jim Croce 's songs . The compilation of the songs on this CD are quite good . Unfortunately , the remastering is rather appalling . Guitar sounds too artificial , too much ear piercing sound . The remastering seems to have spoilt the music for me .
 Truly the most overrated , weak voice singer of the present , Jennifer Lopez returns to the music scene with this single where she sings about her roots . `` Jenny From the Block '' is Ms. Lopez 's answer to critics who say that she has changed from a nice girl who grew up in the Castle Hill section of the Bronx , made it big , moved out to Los Angeles , and forgot about the people who made her . The truth is she has.This single which features Lopez 's trademark weak vocals is a poor shout out to her neighborhood . The reality is that once one makes it big , they find greener pastures to graze on . Just like James Dean 's character in the film `` Giant , '' a bigshot forgets about the people who were there in past for them . This song which mixes hip hop and pop is not original like many songs we hear on the radio , and unlike Lopez 's past singles , this song will have very little chance of becoming a successful remix . With her front page hijinks and her numerous paramours , it is hard for me and many others to believe that Jennifer is still the same , old `` Jenny From the Block . '' The days following September 11 , 2001 , New York City really needed all her native children to help this great city recover from an act of evil . Many stars answered that call , yet Lopez was no where in sight , preferring to remain in California . With this fact , this song is most geered to her biggest fans . In conclusion , a poor single with a weak message .
 This is not strictly a review of the song -LRB- which is not very good unto itself -RRB- but also a review of the music video for this song . I was unfortunate enough to catch the video for `` Jenny from the Block '' while eating breakfast this morning , and it bugged me so much that I felt compelled to comment on it . You see , the video consists of various shots of J-Lo and her bootylicious backside dancing about and enjoying the spoils of her successful career , all the while crooning about how she is still just that `` regular girl from the corner '' . Whether it 's a scene of her on various yachts making-out with `` ordinary guy '' Ben Affleck or a shot of her enjoying the finest champagne and food while being ferried in a limo , it 's sure to evoke images of your average latino girl from the hood . Now , you 're probably wondering - `` Why the rant ? '' Am I just jealous of the rich and famous ? Maybe a little , yes . But it really BUGS me when the rich and famous try to pretend they are ordinary , normal , average , common or down-to-earth everyday people . It REALLY BUGS me when they pretend to be these things while flaunting their fabulous wealth in a blatant attempt to spead the marketing net even further to convince as many people as possible that they `` feel their pain '' and associate with them in some way . Give me a break . J-Lo has about as much in common with the kids on the street corner as Elton John at this point . Get over it , J-Lo . Stick with your Hollywood friends and stop trying to pretend your still in the trenches .
 Despite her presence requiring fashion Boutiques on Rodeo Drive needing to usher out customers , according to J.LO herself she 's changed litlle from her humble beginning 's in the Bronx.Also being romantically attached to America 's favorite pretty boy has n't gotten to her head either , so she purports.This song is BLATANTLY built around a Beatnuts sample which screams UNCREATIVE loud and clear . The Gueast Rappers Styles and Jadakiss while fine on their own , do little to enhance this horrible ditty . If I go the rest of my life without hearing this song I can Sleep in Peace .
 Sometime I bought singles or albums depend on billboard hot chart . I bought this sigle when it hit to billboard top 10 , I even had n't heard this song once . I listen this song first ime , just remind me `` LAST NIGHT A DJ SAVED MY LIFE '' by MARIAH in GLITTER . And J-LO 's vocal just like JANET singing `` ALL FOR YOU '' or MARIAH singing `` DO N'T STOP -LRB- FUNKIN ' 4 JAMAICA -RRB- . l have too many like `` JENNY FORM THE BLOCK '' music product . IF this single had ` nt hit to top 10 , I can save the $ $ $ .
 After hearing the exquisite playing on Charlie Haden 's Nocturne , I thought for sure this album would be enjoyable , too . Not so ! Either I am not `` hip '' or progressive enough or this album stinks . Every cut seems to drift into loud dissonant passages , and the more so the longer the cut seems to get and the louder the recording engineer seems to mix it . Afraid we 'll miss some of it I guess . I have heard this album compared to Bill Evans music . I do n't see this at all , and I 've collected Bill Evans for many years . I have nearly a dozen Haden albums and this ranks just about at the bottom .
 I love Jones and the other 2 reviewers may of had different copies or something else but this album sucks.First , AAD recording so noise level is pretty high . Tape hiss and restrictive high frequency is evident here . Also a bad omen is the company Javelin from England . I 've found little to nothing to praise about the their products quality or value . With their familiar statement
 que maletas eran antes . pero bueno fue el comienzo . lo bueno empieza con donde jugaran ...
 I remember reading where Elliott said his first cd would be old school soul/r/b with a new school vibe . What happened ? This cd has been invaded with a pop boyband sound . Very forgettable music . Your voice is incredible , but the songs are weak and the music is weaker . I found myself fast forwarding on each song hoping the next song would reflect what I witness on AI . It never did . I am so disappointed in this cd.I believe to my SOUL that this cd does not reflect the true Elliott , but rather the ambitious greed of his music producers . They are trying to sell a pop ` idol ' . You do n't take ` prime rib ' and mix it with pork chop . Elliott is the cream of the crop . The Soul/R/B world has not heard a voice like yours in decades . Regardless of what they try to make you Elliott , you are a Soul/r/b Singer . Your voice and sound could soon equal and rival that of Soul Greats like Marvin Gaye , Stevie Wonder , Sam Cooke , Donny Hathaway , Al Greene , etc. . I know these artist are old souls , but like I said it 's been a long time since ` your kind ' has come along.I am sorry I did n't like your debut cd , I found it lacking in taste . It was just weak and You are so much better than this cd . Hopefully , your next cd will reflect more of the Elliott we came to love on AI.BTW , it is the love of your appearance and music on AI that has given you this great support for the first cd . The next time we will not be so kind in buying your cd if it is full of meaningless music and lyrics .
 I liked Elliot on Idol . One or two songs are great . Others not so much
 So him and thought he had good vocals . Really disappointed in his first album . Only 2 good tracks that I like . Hey , each to his own .
 Elliott Yamin , last season 's Idol third runner-up , delivers his first album of post-Idol material . Many -LRB- myself included -RRB- anticipated this album with baited breath for quite some time . However , this reviewer is sorely disappointed . Though he is in fine voice throughout the disc , the album is composed mostly of schlocky , ersatz soul and filler material.The album opens in fine form . `` Movin ' on '' is one of the better songs on the album , and Yamin delivers the song with the soul that as come to be expected from his past performances . `` Wait For You '' comes off as a song rejected by many an r & b ; singer with more discerning taste . `` Find a Way '' is one of the brighter tracks on the album as it recalls Donnie Hathaway or Stevie Wonder in terms of the lyric and delivery . The rest of the album is composed of filler material . The only other good song on the disc is `` Alright '' . In all , my intent was not to bash Elliott . His vocals are first rate and his delivery of even this most depressing and tepid material is impressive . The blame is to be placed on the songwriters and those who `` greenlighted '' the mastering of this album . This schlocky material might serve to stall the career of a promising star .
 I was very disappointed in this CD . The song choices were poor and the vocals were weak . I could not even add it to the CD 's played in my car .
 Yamin has a wonderful voice , there is no denying that . Unfortunately , this album does little more than to showcase it in songs that are forgotten almost as soon as they end . And unless his next effort is head and shoulders above this one , I 'm afraid his career will follow suit.As stated , Elliott can definitely sing . What he really needs , however , is a REAL band , playing well-crafted songs with hooks-a-plenty and then and only then , will he truly be on to something.Here 's hoping that happens as he , and his loyal fans , deserve much better .
 I love his song `` wait for you '' I was very excited to get his CD . I thought the sound quality was good . I found the rest of the song choices disappointing . Save your money and download the song you like .
 I 'm a big Elliot Yamin fan and guess I was hoping for more than I got . It has a couple good songs but for me that was about it . If I had heard it before I bought it , I would not have bought it . Better luck next time , if there is a next time after this .
 Disappointing poppish sound . Like Elliot doing more Bob Dylan/Van Morisson style with more soul .
 I expected a lot more from Elliott on this CD . The production quality is very low on almost every song and the only ones likely to be played on the radio sound like songs the Backstreet Boys threw away 10 years ago . He should have just stuck with soul and not tried to be mainstream because it does n't work for me . I 'm looking forward to his next record .
 Elliott 's singing is excellent as always and it is the reason that I bought this CD . The melodies are mostly mediocre and the arrangements are low-budget cheesy grooves like from a Casio electronic keyboard . The fake clapping mixed up so high just drives me nuts . Luckily there are a few songs that do n't fit this description.The production and melody quality are what kill this CD . It 's certainly not Elliott as he really sang his heart out on every track . Hopefully the next time he can get better support , better production , etc. and then he can have a real winner !
 My mind was made up , the moment I fell in love with Elliot on the show , that no matter how bad this album was going to be , I was going to own it . The reason was simple
 This CD is a tremendous disappointment . I anxiously anticipated the release of this CD , but now wonder what happened ... Most all of the songs sound the same and they are somewhat boring . There is very little life to any of these songs.I think Elliott is an amazing singer , but this CD does n't showcase his tremendous talents at all . Nothing would make me happier than to tell you this music is wonderful -- but it simply is n't . Maybe the CD will grow on me -- I can only hope.Compare this with Chris Daughtry 's first CD and you will see the difference -LRB- The Daughtry CD is amazing -RRB- .
 I agree with some of the reviews that this Elliott 's debut is a disappointment . Elliott has a strong , soulful r & b voice , which in this cd , saddled with a very cliche neo soul sound . This almost sounds like a male version of Katharine McPhee cd . Forgettable , no personality . A Song For You is one of the few good ones .
 Oh Elliott ! I was super disappointed with this cd . I loved him on AI & voted for him til he left . Every song on this album sounds exactly the same & even tho I LOVE his voice , these songs were boring !
 With an instrument inherent of beauty and conviction , Elliott Yamin , by all logical insight , should have won season 5 of American Idol . Instead , he survided only Top 3 status , shocking Idol audiences for the second week counting - clearly his vocal skills should have granted him victory.As is obvious for AI fans to do , their waxing poetic of Yamin 's solo outing is merely an outlet for those who have waited too long . Truth be told , though , if it were anyone else singing these songs , there would be no hosannas bestowed.Which , one can not contradict , are there by sheer devotion to his instrument - a husky/smooth blend , with breathy undertones and a quivering vibrato seductive enough to melt steel . I wish I could offer more praise for Yamin 's long-awaited debut . Unfortunately , it is bogged down with insipid , schmaltzy arrangements , and worst of all , ghastly songwriting that negates his gorgeous tones.Yamin 's voice is a gift , and I surmise he 'll be around long after Taylor Hicks and Katharine McPhee fizzle of their 15 minutes -LSB- Hicks ' CD has heaved only passed gold , the poorest selling debut CD of an Idol victor in it 's miniscule history -RSB- . His prodigious talent is a wonder to behold , and his future , sure to sustain . And it will be thrilling . My grade
 I only watch that show American Idol during the last few weeks . And last year , it was Elliott Yamin who stood out for me . In fact , he was the only contestant I ever voted for in the history of that sad , sad excuse for a show.His personal presence and talent were obvious , and the fact that he did n't win confirms the worst of what is said about the musical taste of this country.I purchased this CD with high hopes . I still have high hopes for Mr Yamin . I am only sorry I do n't like this CD more than I do.The endless musical intros , the random track order , and the repetitious sound of ALL the arrangements add up to a less than ideal debut . All of the songs sound the same . Not one of them stands out . And that is surprising - because Mr Yamin is a standout singer.The CD bounces from one ordinary song to another . Some tracks sound as if they were recorded in someone 's basement with a synthesizer doing all the instruments.This is the type of self-indulgent album that labels used to let BIG talents do now and then . The fans enjoyed them and the few writers featured made some nice royalties.My hope is that Elliott Yamin is NOT tied to a particular songbook or bound to these particular producers . I look forward to his next CD . But if it 's more of the same - I ca n't say I will buy it .
 The 2 stars are for the albums songs , not Elliott 's voice . He was my AI favorite that season , because of his unique style . Loved the blue-eyed soul!These song styles are NOT what he does best . The album producers should have , and need to , let him go-with-the-soul instead of trying to fit him into another mold.I 'm looking forward to a truly `` soul-focused '' album from Elliott .
 Not as expected . CD quality was good the singer and song choices were disapointing .
 Grendel 's previous album , `` Prescription : Medicide , '' sounded like an overly-distorted Embryodead-era Wumpscut -LRB- if you do n't believe me , go back and listen to track 1 , `` Construct Constriction , '' and then go and listen to the title track of Embryodead . Hear it now ? Good -RRB- . After the noteworthy `` Soilbleed '' EP , they have now progressed to ... bland , uninteresting harsh EBM . It 's not that anything about the album is particularly bad , but rather that it does n't really stand out with any sound of its own . The synth lines are reminiscent of a dozen bands and just about every recent club-friendly release . The vocals are also the stereotypical distorted scream/sing/speak that gets tiresome by track 2 . The programming is just varied enough to guarantee that a human being was involved in the creative aspect at some point , but not interesting enough to merit any serious attention . Great filler music but otherwise wholly unremarkable .
 Not one of their better efforts . I was born and raised in Oakland , and this does not have the grit that I have come to enjoy from this band . T.O.P. is one of my favorites bands . I have seen them a few times , and only one time I have walked away disappointed , That was because I had lost my way , and did n't keep up with band , and now I am back . This onw leaves much to be desired
 After enjoying `` Happiness '' I wanted to explore more of their work , but alas , their cretive talent has waned . This music is disjointed , uninspired and difficult to listen to . I will sell this CD to recover a portion of my loss . Not recommended .
 Charlie Parker with strings !? Now years after I heard it first I shake my head and wonder why he did this . I had to delete this album from my computer . He plays ok himself but the strings ...
 I had been wanting this collection for quite awhile , thought a strings backing would be interesting , a nice juxtaposition ... This recording is barely listenable ... the string arrangements are pretentious , overwrought , and what one would imagine hearing in a 1940 's / 50 's hollywood melodrama fraught with a bad script and acting ... It coulda worked if the string arrangements had been subtle , straight background for some decent pop tunes ... this is really bad . Because Bird 's playing is great , someone ought to rerecord the background ...
 to get if you do n't really want to hear what Bird was all about but want to have something in your collection by him . That 's what this record was designed to do , reach the larger white audience with no real interest in Jazz . 2 stars for Bird managing to make something at least palatable out of Hefti 's obnoxious arrangements .
 Earlier I wrote a review for this CD and I mentioned that Charlie Parker would n't have enjoyed this himself . Well , that is not for me to say . It is my understanding that Bird had a great appreciation for classical music and he also welcomed the idea of playing w/strings . I will give it 2 stars .
 If you want to hear the real Charlie Parker , do n't buy this Cd because the strings are too overwhelming , believe me . I bought it and took it back the same day . And got another one of his cd 's instead . Only 1 star for this CD but it 's not because of Charlie . I do n't even think that Charlie Parker would 've sincerely enjoyed this .
 Any recital of Handel Opera arias is worthwhile , especially one that concentrates on lesser-known works . But Jean-Loup Charvet does not impress here . His intonation is poor , and he sounds very tentative in all . This may be due to physical weakness , since he seems to have died -LRB- at a very young age -RRB- shortly after this recording was made . For the Handel specialist only .
 Entwine-diEversity1By
 This album is a huge disappointment.The first album was a classic , but this one just seems hastily thrown together and half-hearted . And G-Love has gone all sugary pop on `` Dreamin '' & `` Rodeo Clowns '' . What 's goin ' on ? Next thing we 'll hear he 'll be dueting with Britney Spears ! They are a great live band though , but their fat live sound is n't captured on here at all . The best advice - do n't buy this album , just wait to see the band live - you 'll get better value for money !
 G.Love continues to lose focus while falling into a commercial black hole . Great potential is once again wasted . Reminiscent of The Black Crowes -LRB- first two albums good followed by disaster -RRB-
 G and the boys really went downhill on this one . Many of the tracks -LRB- roaches , kick drum , thank you around the world -RRB- are bad filler . Kick Drum especially is a waste of Brodeeva 's many talents . Other songs have a fluffy commercialized feel to them , seeing G Love mumble his way through terrible syrupy slow songs which achingly lay bare the lack of vocal talent that he previously hid through clever rapping -- and none of us minded , because they were good at what they did . But now G has `` matured '' and sings about religion instead of basketball , and the tracks that give a glimmer of their better days -LRB- like shouts out to the rappers -RRB- feel terribly rehashed . Has n't he done this before , is what went through my head upon hearing that one , not to mention the cringe that crossed my face on listening to the cheap Slick Rick imitation on `` Hundred Dollar Bill . '' Hey , G ; at least mention that you 're imitating Slick Rick at the beginning of the song so we know when to turn the volume down . I can not overstate my disappointment with this record . I 'm a huge GLASS fan , have many of their rare CDs and tapes , and have been following them through their previous albums , all 5-star efforts . This is real crap . Please go back to the studio , play some basketball , whatever ... do n't let success get to your head , as it seems like it has with this one .
 I am sorry but this CD is really really bad . For those of you who liked his previous albums this really pales in comparison . That song Rodeo Clowns makes me want to ... I do n't know what , but it is something bad . Do yourself a favor and buy his other three CD 's before even considering this one . The word sell out comes to mind ... he is on the Sony label now . Hope he gets his act together and gets back to making stuff like `` baby 's got sauce '' It hurt me to think that I actually paid money for the CD . Weak G-love , really weak .
 OK I will admit I have n't heard a band quite like this in a while . They sound good but the lead singers lyrics are not that good . His voice is nice though , but their kind of music would never get played on tv or radio . No wonder why I never heard of them . The band plays a cool lounge sound but like I said before its a little too unique to really appriciate .
 I keep giving G a listen but just do n't get all the hype . There 's nothing on this disc worth listening to for more than 30 seconds . This guy should hang it up and pump gas for a living . At least that would be lmore beneficial to the public .
 This recording is pretty mediocre . It 's OK . If you are looking for recordings by the French band of the same name , look elsewhere . This is a different band .
 If you 're a connoisseur of 60 's psychedelic music , do n't buy this CD ! The music is shallow , bland , and unoriginal . Usually , when I order an obscure 60s psychedelic album , it 's expected that about 30-40 % of the songs are hidden gems . This album is ALL bad , only containing a hint of decency on a couple of tracks . This is the worst CD I have purchased in a long time . : -LRB-
 In his lifetime , Kern despised jazz versions of his songs . Many of the versions on this disc and on the two companion discs in this series are just that . Verve has reached for , it would seem , the lowest common denominator for its selections . In fact , some of the tracks have no vocals at all , which is strange considering this is a `` songbook '' ! It is better than no Kern at all , but you will find more authenticity in KIRI SINGS KERN on EMI that anywhere on this or the other two discs . Sorry , but pass this one up if you are a purist .
 i love these artists . they are some of the most talented and exciting jewish musicians around . but the songs on this particular album just do n't move me . they are much more middle-of-the-road and easy-listening then i enjoy . for example , piamenta can absolutely shred on a guitar , yet they have one of his tamer songs here . so if you 're into tame and easy kind of pop rock sounding music , about half in hebrew , pick up this album .
 There are no on screen lyrics , or even backup vocals . The words are in the CD cover . I would not recommend this CD .
 I first heard word of the track `` Fly '' in a review of Arf ! Arf ! Records ' `` A Heavy Dose of Lite Psych '' compilation in Mojo magazine . The reviewer vowed that this track was worth the price of admission by itself , everything else was bonus . I was intrigued by the description of `` what Radiohead may have sounded like in the Summer of Love '' . Receiving the compilation CD , I immediately listened to this track and completely fell in love with it . When I heard the album had been re-released , I jumped at the chance to buy it . I have to admit I set myself up for disappointment . The only other tracks that come close to comparing are `` Land of Sensations and Delights '' -LRB- little more than two minutes -RRB- , `` Christine '' and `` The Times '' . None of these tracks can match `` Fly '' , however , and many of the others sound like Jay forgot to write the rest of the song -LRB- like the last track on side 1 , `` Nobody '' , if I remember correctly -RRB- . It 's still interesting , but I would not rate it as five stars . I 'm hoping I 'm not misled with Aerovons and Gandalf -LRB- both of which I 'm getting ready to buy , and comparisons to the Beatles and the Zombies are enjolling me to buy these -RRB- .
 The music/singing is great , just as expected , but do n't be fooled by `` 2-volume '' edition - with the total length of about 50 min , it could easily fit one CD . Not exactly dishones , but below expectations from Philips .
 I still own and listen to my original vintage lp of the Swingle Singers doing Bach . It dates from 1964 and sounds infinitely better than this cd , even after the rough handling of my college days . Because I have an original recording in the old format , I can tell you the sound on this digital recording is atrocious . By comparison to the original this cd sounds horribly garbled and the beauty of the music and the voices is lost . I wish I had bought a used version and spent less . This is fit only for the trash can , I would not inflict it on some innocent person by reselling it used . Actually I put it in the trash can but pulled it out so I would have the correct cd title to post a review on Amazon . Bach is the greatest . The Swingle Singers are fantastic . Find some other recording to enjoy both -LRB- together preferrably -RRB- .
 In his lifetime , Kern despised jazz versions of his songs . Many of the versions on this disc and on the two companion discs in this series are just that . Verve has reached for , it would seem , the lowest common denominator for its selections . In fact , some of the tracks have no vocals at all , which is strange considering this is a `` songbook '' ! It is better than no Kern at all , but you will find more authenticity in KIRI SINGS KERN on EMI that anywhere on this or the other two discs . Sorry , but pass this one up if you are a purist .
 This album is much more loungy and symphonic than the traditional Getz/Gilberto album -- too done for my taste . You 'll hear strings and many more instruments ; the simple beauty is lost along the way . Her voice is pretty and mellow as always . I prefer the traditional Getz/Gilberto style .
 If you want to capture the true spirit of the bossa , buy `` Amoroso/Brazil '' or `` Joao '' , by Joao Gilberto , and do n't waste your time and money with Astrud , who made a career out of a casual invitation from Getz to sing in Getz/Gilberto , to which Joao Gilberto and Tom Jobim objected fiercely -LRB- these guys `` created '' the bossa nova ... do n't you think they would know better than you , who do n't even understand the lyrics ? -RRB- .
 I first heard word of the track `` Fly '' in a review of Arf ! Arf ! Records ' `` A Heavy Dose of Lite Psych '' compilation in Mojo magazine . The reviewer vowed that this track was worth the price of admission by itself , everything else was bonus . I was intrigued by the description of `` what Radiohead may have sounded like in the Summer of Love '' . Receiving the compilation CD , I immediately listened to this track and completely fell in love with it . When I heard the album had been re-released , I jumped at the chance to buy it . I have to admit I set myself up for disappointment . The only other tracks that come close to comparing are `` Land of Sensations and Delights '' -LRB- little more than two minutes -RRB- , `` Christine '' and `` The Times '' . None of these tracks can match `` Fly '' , however , and many of the others sound like Jay forgot to write the rest of the song -LRB- like the last track on side 1 , `` Nobody '' , if I remember correctly -RRB- . It 's still interesting , but I would not rate it as five stars . I 'm hoping I 'm not misled with Aerovons and Gandalf -LRB- both of which I 'm getting ready to buy , and comparisons to the Beatles and the Zombies are enjolling me to buy these -RRB- .
 and they wonder why record companies lose money in downloads . HUGELY popular dance track that was basically out-of-print as an import single when it became big on US radio over a year ago . Various edits were tossed onto mix CDs to get people to spend money on compilations that crammed 20 dance tracks in highly chopped up mixes . Finally , the song was released with a number of mixes on a great maxi that had mixes of this , Safe From Harm , and When the Dawn breaks -- with When The Dawn Breaks as the lead single . And now , they release this on its own , probably because no one realized it was on that other single . The only different offerings here are the full length Dean Coleman mix -LRB- edited on the other single -RRB- and the dubs . Track listing is :1 . radio edit -LRB- 3:09 -RRB- 2 . dean coleman edit -LRB- 4:10 -RRB- 3 . original mix -LRB- 7:25 -RRB- 4 . pete lorimer 's 29 palms mix -LRB- 9:53 -RRB- 5 . dean coleman 's players only vocal -LRB- 7:49 -RRB- 6 . pete lorimer 's 29 palms dub -LRB- 9:10 -RRB- 7 . dean coleman 's dirty by design dub -LRB- 8:38 -RRB-
 Yuk . Not because of Pierre Bensusan 's efforts . In fact i respect and understand his attempt to try something a bit different . The problem is , I just dont like this kind of music.This is not solo guitar with some vocals like his other albums , this is fully produced , jazzy-mainstream new agey music . It would work well in an office or elevator setting.NOT the heart felt solo guitar chops and vocal genius that his other recordings capture . If you get the pleasure of listening to any of his other albums , you will think its an entirely different musician . This is so different , i have to say its Pierre Bensusan , `` NOT '' ! I reccomend ANY other album by Bensusan , besides this one . Unless , of course , you enjoy mild , new-agey , jazz instrumental albums ... if thats the case then you may like it .
 I am sorry , but when I heard the song , `` I try '' , on the radio the first time , I thought it was a joke . I thought that it was `` Donald Duck sings R&B '' . I know that there have been others , Bob Dylan , etc. who have had some scratchy voices , but this is ridiculous ! I guess I am in the minority when I say I think someone should sound good when they perform .
 Macy Gray is nothing new . She 's just plain R&B and funk just like most other singers are . This album is just terrible because there 's just no good songs on there .
 You have got to be kidding me . I ca n't believe that anyone gave this five stars . Her voice is unbelievably poor . I ca n't listen to this CD because her voice is so incredibly annoying . Whoever said `` Wow , she 's got a great voice , let 's produce an album with her singing all of the material '' ought to be thrown out of the music business . This CD is first class rummage sale fodder . A pox on those responsible for this one .
 who is she trying to be ? she is n't as cleaver as badu.doesn ' t have L-boogies charm.or mary j 's tempo.idenity is among many things hurting her.we have heard this style done a 100 % times better by folks that got little or no love compared to Ms.gray.it 's nothing special as is the sad case of most of contemparary r-n-b .
 This is the worst cd I 've heard in a long time . I listen to my best friend when she told me to purchase this cd and enjoy it . Well the only thing I enjoyed about this cd was when I changed the cd turner to anothe cd . If I knew that this cd sound so bad I would have spent my money on another one . There is n't one song on this cd that i like . I sure wish that the store would refund my money . Now do n't get me wrong I purchase many many cd 's on a monthly basis but i have never been more disappoint in a cd in my 30 years on earth . this cd will just sit in the cd tower and collect dust , because I 'll never play it again .
 Excuse me , but I submitted a review 4 TIMES criticizing Ms. Gray and you guys never posted it ! Here 's my last try . If you are even considering buying this waste , please do n't listen to all these people who claim that Macy Grey is excellent . Kudos to you if you can still bear through the first 10 minutes . Maybe I just do n't like this `` different '' approach to music . She sounds like an old record being scratched . It is disgusting and nerve racking . -LRB- this applies to the CD and the lyrics -RRB- So simply put , DO N'T buy this CD .
 If Macy Gray herself were edited out of this cd along with her annoying posturing and puerile lyrics there might be something left worth listening to . What was I thinking when I bought this ?
 I was disappointed ! I adore Macy 's song `` I Try '' & her voice is the most unique I 've heard for years -LRB- think Tina Turner & Bonnie Tyler with a sprinkling of Rod Stewart & Joe Cocker -RRB- . But most of the other cuts from this record are lackluster & downright filthy ! `` I Try '' is the anomaly . Buy the CD or cassette single & skip the trash-mouth full-length version !
 I 'm sorry to all you Macy Gray fans out there , but I totally can not handle this girls voice . She may be musically brilliant , but I ca n't get past that I-have-a-frog-in-my-throat-and-am holding-my-nose sound of hers !
 The hype about this album is just that - hype . Ms. Gray has limited vocal talent -LRB- no range , ca n't project , no depth -RRB- - in fact producers prop up most of her performances with backup singers and sythesized instrumentals . Ms. Gray has no special writing talent either - her lyrics are simplistic and dull . Do n't waste your time .
 I liked her singles on this CD ... and then her weird voice just got to me . Now I ca n't listen to the CD anymore .
 i * love * macy gray 's voice ! she has a wonderfully funky sense of style & seems to be an amazing preformer , all of these are reasons why i was incredibly disappointed listening to my roomate 's copy of her album ... the music was catchy & complemented her voice , but the lyrics made me cringe . i 'd expected some sentimentality from the tone of her hit `` i try '' , but the overall lack of positive messages saddened me . it 's too bad when someone comes so close to being another source of beauty to draw upon , but then stumbles just short of your ideal . if you 're not terribly attentive to the words , or simply do n't hope for as much inspiration as i tend to , you could quite possibly enjoy this album . i 'm hoping her next go round sparkles inside & out .
 This is what all the hype is about ? Retread funk ... and that voice ... if Butterfly McQueen could make a record , this would be it .
 I REALLY wanted to like this one . R&B music -LRB- my favorite genre -RRB- has , in my opinion , really been in a slump for many years . A fresh perspective in R&B was definitely welcome to me . Its nice to see a recording that definitely was not created soley to be played of VH1 . I feel it still has a long way to go before it can be a 4 or 5 star album . With repeated listenings the songs get repetitive , and sometimes even annoying.Original reviews of Ms. Gray had her in the company of Billie Holiday , Dinah Washington , Nina Simone etc. etc. . If she is going to be compared to these greats , I will hold her to the same standards , and I dont see that she measures up . I will be interested to hear her follow up when it comes out , with her instant fame , she could greatly improve , or attempt to produce `` On How Life is , Volume II '' ... I 'll be waiting , n the meantime I 'll be listening to Billie .
 I heard a lot of people talking up this album on the Grammy 's so I bought after hearing only the too much played cut '' I try '' . I have to agree with one of the other reviewers about dragging some black girl off the shreets to prop up in front of a mike . I miss spelled streets similar to spelling `` you '' `` chu '' . Come on folks this is not even audable english . I bought Tracy Chapmans new one at the same time and WHAT a contrast . Macy Grey is going to the used dc store .
 I guess i 'm the only one who did n't like this CD . All the songs sounded the same . She does not have a great signing voice/talent , although it is unique . I only enjoyed 2 songs , I Try , and , Sexomatic .
 How can anyone listen to this voice ?! It is so ugly , and raspy ! Macy , please quit singing !
 I do n't have this CD , never will have it . I heard `` I Try '' on the radio uncountable times ... damn , her voice is horrible ! You can bash me all you want in your head for attacking a thing like that , but trust me , it 's a big part of music ... it 's like listening to microphone feedback while turning up the bass so loud , it makes my intestines scrunch . The lyrics might be good , but I ca n't hear them . The only reason I give her 2 stars is because she tried . Well , she ca n't get anything positive from me . Sorry . And get a voice box operation ... sure you have the money .
 totally disappointing . this was BY FAR the most disappointing CD ever bought ... i do n't know WHAT people are thinking . i mean i was dooped , i bought the CD cause i saw her live -LRB- live TV performance -RRB- and thought her whole thing was different and cool . i was only right about the first part . it weas NOT cool ubt rather a horrible WASTE of money . trust me , as a singer myself , i could easily have made a better album . it was a horrid waste of money and cd materials and time in studio . her voice is horrible & her songs are stupid and unlistenable.lmj
 By listening to Macy 's music alone , I was intrigued , but not sure that she 'd earnt the above title . But after a visit to the Barber shop this weekend I 'm left in no doubt - Macy is one a million , and she thoroughly deserves this title.A few of her tracks on the album have a very adult theme , and it 's this style that was embraced in a recent interview with Q magazine - which I read whilst getting my hair cut . When asked what was the most unusual thing she 'd done - Macy replied `` I 've tasted Myself '' ! ... -LSB- Yea - `` Best New-comer '' - for real -RSB- .
 The first song will funk your brains out , but it all goes downhill from there . Do n't get me wrong here , there are some good grooves and sounds , and I think she is extremely talented , but this collection is just nothing special . Most of these songs bore me , and I find that the predominiately funky rhythms do not seem to mesh well with her voice and lyrical phrasing . I 'd wait till her next one comes out .
 This CD is terrible ! The only good song is `` I Try '' I can barely make it through `` Still '' and `` I 've Committed Murder '' All her songs are very off color and in bad taste , though , I think . Definitely NOT for kids or anyone with any taste at all .
 With this CD Macy Gray makes a great argument for ... . Only one song is worth listening to . Buy yourself a Big Mac and a Coke ; it will be more memorable .
 Basically , I thought that the song `` I Try '' was catchy . I listened to it a few times , it got old , and now I do n't like it . I do n't like any of the other songs either . That voice is just too weird for me . I think that the first single off her new album is all right , but I wo n't be buying it .
 The music on this record is down right funky . I hear bluesy grooves with a taste of Prince.The song Why Did n't You Call Me fits this category . The best track , and might I add , should be released as a single is , `` A Moment To Myself '' You and I know there are a lot of copy cats in the music industry . If R&B artists would immulate the funky sounds of Macy Gray , Rhythm & Blues would be alive again . However , MS.Gray 's lyrics are offensive . For example , the song `` Sex-O-Matic Venus Freak '' says `` Feels like an x x rated movie star '' One more . The song `` Caligula '' says `` Never lovin but we 're always % ** / / ? '' While singing like a person with a depraved mind , Macy has enough nerve to dedicate a song to God on `` I Ca n't Wait To Meetchu '' If she really knew God , lyrics like the one 's I 've mentioned would n't be on this CD .
 Macy Gray is capable of much better ! Her voice is just plain scartchy though . . i guess it 's what makes her unique . She has a good feeling and interesting sound but the lyrics are n't too good at all
 I was put through the torture of listening to this C.D. . This album is the worst piece of junk . The only O.K track on this C.D is Do Something . Macy has a really dreadful voice -LRB- like Satan ! -RRB- Still is the most depresssing song ever . It makes me want to jump out of a window . Anyone who says this album is R n ' B is crazy ! If this album is R n ' B , then it is a serious threat to the entire future of R n ` B. Do n't even listen to track no 3 . It does n't make any sense and is boring . A very dissapointing album . If you want to buy a good C.D by Room 112 .
 An `` R&B icon in the making '' according to the editorial ? This one album wonder will hopefully go back to obscurity in the next year . This CD is dreadful . Gray ca n't sing , ca n't write , and has no musical talent .
 Ok , the lyrics rule , but ... um ... ah ... Macy ca n't exactly sing ... period . The instrumentals and synthesizers and beat and vocals are god-awful-terrible . I think Macy can do better .
 A friend of mine made a tape of this CD for my birthday . At that point , I had heard only `` Do Something . '' And Macy 's voice to me was the equivalent of a really bad poison ivy rash . But my friend liked it -LRB- she compared her voice to Rickie Lee Jones -RRB- so I thought I 'll have an open mind about the album . Musically , it 's well-done . But my opinion on Macy Gray as a singer has n't changed . As much as I liked the SONGS -LRB- especially `` The Letter '' -RRB- , her voice drove me NUTS . She sounds like Kim Carnes on helium . `` On How Life Is '' had the potential to be a GREAT album , if someone else had been the vocalist . It 's one thing to have a scratchy voice and can actually sing and emote -LRB- Rickie Lee , Erykah Badu -RRB- and another to have Macy , who simply can not sing -LRB- she has no stage presence , either -RRB- . And it 's really too bad -- how many amazing singers are out there who do n't have record deals ?
 how can anyone call this music ? her voice sounds like a female axel rose with a sore throat and a cracker lodged in her throat . dont buy this junk .
 How long of a career do you think this funk diva will have , eh ? I give her at the most , say , five years before she completely shreds her raspy sandpaper-on-broken glass voice . Will I celebrate ? YES . Oh , to be rid of this monstrosity of a singer ! Anyone who buys ANYTHING by Macy Gray does not deserve eardrums , because this ai n't music , it 's pure torture . What a waste of Vinyl Chloride !!! Excuse me , I just had to clear my throat . Heh-heh-eh-hack-hack !!
 After two tracks , Macy Gray 's voice became irritating . The music and rhythms were appealing , but it was n't enough to compensate for the raspy squawking that was supposed to be singing . I would pass on this one .
 I did n't like this CD . Compared to JILL SCOTT , LEDISI or ERYKAH BADU , Macy Gray seems to me like a `` pop '' singer instead of an RnB/Soul queen ... and then `` that '' voice too , some people may like it and some people do n't , but what is true is that she sounds to me like my 85 year old gramma .
 yuk yuk yuk , this woman CAN NOT SING ! how she actually MADE a Cd is beyond me . all i can say is that the most annoying songs live on this cd and that voice is HORRIBLE !
 I heard this album in a C.D store and i had to leave . Why ? Because of the torture i was put through when listening to this C.D. I hate the song I try and still . Macy 's voice is like a man who is choking ! -LRB- No i am serious ! -RRB- I 'd also like to question Epic -LRB- Macy 's record label . They obviously fail to notice that there are people in America without a record deal , even though they are more talented than Lauren Hill ! I now seriously dislike the label Epic now ! If you want an artist who can sing . It 's Mariah Carey and NOT MACY GRAY .
 I heard some of these songs on the radio today.I did not know who the artist was and I thought ` what a terrible voice ' . The voice is as rough as old bags , and she ca n't sing in tune.She makes Bob Dylan sound like the Pavarotti of pop.If you have musical taste , steer clear .
 This is Macy 's worst album to date , as a matter of fact all of them -LSB- are bad -RSB- . Macy is using items from her old CD 's , hence the name Macy 's Gray . I suggest that you find someone to burn you the CD , literally . The CD is worth less than the 1 star given . Never listen to her garbage again . All of us Macy fans are dissapointed . DONT BUY THE ALBUM ! IT -LSB- is bad -RSB- !!!!
 YUK!YUK!YUK ! YOU CA N'T JUST PICK SOME BLACK GIRL UP OFF THE STREETS , NOT WASH OR COMB HER HAIR FOR 3 OR 4 DAYS AND LET HER MUMBLE TO SOME OFF TUNE MELODIES AND CALL IT THE BLUES OR MUSIC . THIS IS A TERRIBLE CD . I WOULD HAVE RATED IT LESS THAN 1 IF I COULD HAVE .
 Granted , you do n't have to have a great sounding voice to be a talented entertainer . Fiona Apple , Alana Davis , Bob Dylan and T-Boz from TLC are a few examples of this . But Macy Gray 's voice is just absolutely awful and irritating ! I give the extra star rating here because of the music , but it was sadly wasted by her squawking over it ! Her band should ditch her and get with N'Dea Davenport -LRB- the former lead singer for Brand New Heavies -RRB- .
 I confess , I 've already done a review , but this is just a comment . Why is it that for EVERY review that pans this CD for the tripe that it truly is , there is about ten people that comes by , marks the bad review as `` Unhelpful '' for about twenty times , and then write some B.S. about how innovative and talented Macy Gray is ? How could anyone compare her to true sirens such as Aretha Franklin ? It pains me how some people really like to confuse garbage with art , or talk themselves into liking this CD in order to jump on the bandwagon . But I personally think about half of these reviews are from Macy 's personal pals ! Macy , quit bribing people to write good stuff about your singing in here ! People like me are starting to get suspicious !
 ... and if you see it let Macy have some . This is what all the hype is about ? Retread funk ... and that voice ... if Butterfly McQueen could make a record , this would be it .
 I bought this CD buying into all the hype and reviews on this site . Man was I disappointed , except to I Try the rest of this CD is unlistenable . Her voice is really bad except for the I try song . The music is extremely boring . I should have just thrown my $ 15.00 out the window
 Oh my ... where do I start ? I feel like a sucker . After hearing `` I Try '' on Felicity , and then all of the buzz about Macy Gray and her album here lately , I went ahead and bought it today . Big mistake ! HUGE ! The ONLY redeeming quality this CD has is `` I Try . '' I like that song , but in the context of the album it does n't sound so good . I found Gray 's lyrics to be offensive -LRB- after a few different songs about `` getting high '' - or with a reference to it-I 'd had more than enough , not to mention the sexuality spoken of-ugh ! -RRB- and I can not BELIEVE people like this waste of an album . Save your money , do n't waste it on this !
 Cheetahs are known for explosive bursts of speed that are unsustainable for much more than a few minutes . That 's how I see Macy Gray . This album starts off soul-filled , firey tunes that make you think `` What a badass ! '' . And even the most cynical of listeners ca n't help but be reeled in by the poignant ballad `` I try '' . However , Macy takes a turn for the worst when she goes the `` Sex-o-Matic Venus Freak '' route . C'mon . A more vulgar display of trite lyrics has n't been seen since Green Day . This girl will not last . She 's a Mariah Carey in Lauren Hill clothing . You 'll have fun for a few listens and then lose interest until you see her pitifully performing on MTV Spring Break . Save yourself the shame and pass on Macy Gray .
 I borrowed the CD from a friend to see what all the hype was about . If it had been my CD , I would have placed it under the wheel of my car , backed over it repeatedly and then kicked myself for being stupid enough to buy it . I have heard some annoying voices in my life , but this one makes Fran Dresher sound like a song bird . The music itself is quite good , until the moment Ms Gray opens her mouth to sing -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- . I thought that perhaps this was only her singing style and that she actually spoke normally until I heard an interview with her on a local radio station . I am sorry to say , that just listening to here speak made me want to drive my car into a telephone pole . The single `` I try '' has been grossly overplayed on the radio , and while the tune is catchy , Ms Gray destroys it with her whiny , nasaly , drawly voice . Needless to say , I do not recommend this CD to anyone -LRB- not even my worst enemies -RRB- . And just to reitterate , I HATED THIS CD ! I wish they had a negative rating system so I could give this -3 stars .
 Two Stars for the CD , but Ten Stars for `` I Try '' . I bought this CD because of the wonderfully smoky sounds of `` I Try '' and then I was disappointed to find that to be the only song worth listening to.I have a young child in the house , and profanity in music that I have personally selected is completely inappropriate . So , I have already resold this CD , but I look forward to giving this gifted musician another chance . Maybe once she grows up a little she 'll also grow into her talent and make choices that will ultimately make her far more successful than in the limiting arena she has currently chosen .
 I fail to understand what is so amazing about her . Her voice is ugly and scratchy and her songs are so boring ! She does n't even write her own songs -LRB- just lyrics -RRB- , and she definetely ca n't sing !
 I borrowed the CD from a friend to see what all the hype was about . If it had been my CD , I would have placed it under the wheel of my car , backed over it repeatedly and then kicked myself for being stupid enough to buy it . I have heard some annoying voices in my life , but this one makes Fran Dresher sound like a song bird . The music itself is quite good , until the moment Ms Gray opens her mouth to sing -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- . I thought that perhaps this was only her singing style and that she actually spoke normally until I heard an interview with her on a local radio station . I am sorry to say , that just listening to here speak made me want to drive my car into a telephone pole . The single `` I try '' has been grossly overplayed on the radio , and while the tune is catchy , Ms Gray destroys it with her whiny , nasaly , drawly voice . Needless to say , I do not recommend this CD to anyone -LRB- not even my worst enemies -RRB- . And just to reitterate , I HATED THIS CD ! I wish they had a negative rating system so I could give this -3 stars .
 Granted . . you do n't have to have a melodious voice to be a great artist -LRB- take Alana Davis , Bob Dylan , Fiona Apple , and T-boz from TLC for example -RRB- . But this woman is just awful ! I give two stars because I do love the music but it was sadly wasted with her squawking . Whoever is in charged with the music should ditch Macy and get with N'dea Davenport !
 Whilst I applaud the originality of Macy Gray , I ca n't listen to her CD , since her voice is not what I 'd call pleasant . She has an excellent marketing team ; equally her uniqueness will appeal to some - not me though . If there is an instrumental version - I 'll be in the queue . I see that people who bought this album also bought `` Music from the Movies '' , maybe they 'd get a pleasant surprise by buying an album with less hype , but more soul , such as `` Black Diamond '' by Angie Stone . Sure Angie uses samples from Gladys Knight , Marvin Gaye and others , but she sings without a frog in her throat , and I quite like that in an artist ...
 She has been compared to Billie Holliday , Aretha , etc. . After listening this cd I only can say that her voice/songs are annoying , boring and disposable .
 I ca n't turn my radio fast enough when I hear `` I Try '' coming on . It 's like a car wreck . You do n't want to see it , you have to turn forcefully away , and if you do see it it will haunt you . Her voice is ABOMINABLE , like fingernails on a chalkboard . The fact that anyone likes her is more proof that if you 're just over-the-top horrible , some people will take it as a sign of greatness . Get Biz Markie as your vocal coach , have some songs written professionally for you , and you too could be a star .
 This by far is the most overated CD of the year , Macy Gray 's voice is just annoying , and she does n't right her own music -LRB- just lyrics -RRB- so she is is not as talented as everyone thinks she is . She does n't come close to Me ` shell Ndechello , Dionne Farris or Lauryn Hill . I TRY is the only song that can hold me teenage attention span .
 Sorry , but Macy Gray does n't cut it . Her voice wears on you after a while , like scratching your fingernails across a blackboard . Her music is definately overplayed on the radio , which does n't help much . Does she only sing when she has a head cold ? She sounds like she does ...
 My twelve-year-old cousin played this CD in the car this weekend , and I have mixed emotions about it.The music
 Ella Fitgerald is arguably the greatest popular female vocalist the planet has yet seen . The Gershwins were the song - writing team supreme , and there is no one who tops the music of George . Put them together and you not only swing , you lilt and coo , and stomp and woo.Ella can do it all with a lyric , and the pure tone of her voice brings out the essence of that musical freshness , that bright beauty which is the signature sound of young roaring twenties America .
 I must go against the grain of the other reviews posted here and say for the record that `` All 'n' All '' is far from EW&F 's best work . Although it boasts some amazing cover art and the group 's musicianship is as proficient as ever , the overall sound is overrefined , slick , and heavily disco-oriented . The album starts out OK with `` Serpentine Fire '' and then quickly hits rock bottom with `` Fantasy '' , a perfect example of the kind of super-cheeze ballad that permeated the late 70s . The rest of the album follows the same pattern , with overworn grooves , cliched lyrics and excruciatingly overblown string arrangements designed for all the hip disco clubs of the time . Only the instrumental `` Magic Mind '' reminds one of the group 's previous experimentalism , and is the one highlight of the record besides `` Serpentine Fire '' . Do n't get me wrong -- I have nothing against commercialism per se , as I love both `` Open Our Eyes '' and `` That 's The Way Of The World '' . But the songs here follow a very rigid , overly produced formula that bleeds all of the heart and soul out of them , so that all that is left is the cheeze .
 This is not what I wanted to spend my cash on . Dont get me wrong , Screaming Lord Sutch is great but these are not the original recordings I am interested in . These songs were probably re-recorded in the 80 's giving the songs a real slickly produced make over . Cd 's like these never make the buyer aware that these are not the original recordings . This is the second time i 've been duped in less than a month . Get another Sutch album . Now I have to stab my roomate with somthing rusty . Oooh i 'm hot and bothered .
 Shelby Starner sound like a bit of an egotistical 15 year old . I , being a 14 year old singer-songwriter myself know that all her lyrics ca n't come from real life -LRB- and thats ok , -RRB- but rhyming `` Do n't try to hold my hand , do n't try to understand '' leaves me stone cold . Do n't get too full of yourself , Shelby . It was just luck .
 ... how awful this band are and this album is , already just looking at this page has allowed that dumb piece of non-sensical tosh , aka Living On A Prayer , to filter into my mind and thoroughly depress me with its complete and utter blandness . i am ready to end it now , luckily i have an antidote , i hum `` I 'm In the Mood for Dancing '' by the Nolans , yes i agree , complete rubbish , but even that 's better than anything by bon jovi . buy this album just to burn it . . make a statement !
 `` Danger Kitty '' has mass produced some of the worst music in the history of Pop . To all of the BJ fans out there , look up the word , `` cliche '' . Understand its danger and the shallow nature that this word connotes . It 's ahem !! like a `` wet , slippery , loaded gun '' . If you 're going to write lyrics this horrible , juvenile and unimaginative , why bother finishing Junior High at all . Drop out of school , get yourself a job at Hot Dog on a Stick and say goodbye to every one of your brain cells . Patriotism demands that you rid your CD player of anything that makes you look like you could n't finish the 4th grade . Do it for your country !
 Please do n't get me wrong
 Bon Jovi are in close competition with Nirvana for the `` Most Overrated Band in History '' award . If I had a dollar for every time I heard the cr@ppy `` Living on a Prayer '' played on the radio , I 'd be able to retire in comfort , and I 'm only 21 ! I can only reccommend this album to people who like to annoy themselves with $ hitty music .
 I 'm really starting to hate Bon Jovi like a passion . Out of all the stupid hair metal bands of the 80s , Bon Jovi has to be the worst of the entire bunch ! Like all hair metal bands , Bon Jovi were very mainstream and were played constantly on MTV back in the day which was sad considering heavy metal is suppossed to be non-mainstream and it should n't have party anthems . I liked other bands like Slayer and Kreator which were n't mainstream and were very heavy . Bon Jovi are the complete opposite of Slayer and Kreator which is not good news at all.Let 's start with their fans . While not as retarded as Atreyu or Simple Plan fans , Bon Jovi fans mostly consist of girls who act like the band 's groupies or teenagers who hated Slayer , Kreator , or Death -LRB- the non-mainstream bands that ruled -RRB- . They say sh i t like , `` JOHN BON JOVI IS THE GREATEST !!! HE HAS SO MUCH PASSION !!! HE ROCKS THE HOUSE !!! I LOVE HIS HAIR !!! '' Enough already ! John Bon Jovi was a horrible vocalist who sounds like he 's whining when he sings sh i t t y anthems that they play at school dances in the 80s . And please !!! The guitarist is not amazing and the bass is inaudible at best . The drumming is lame as well . For fu c k 's sake , STOP TREATING THIS AWFUL BAND LIKE GODS !!! The songs as well , from a lyrical standpoint are so far from the standard heavy metal content that it 's just stupid ! Love ballads are NOT metal.So in conclusion , Bon Jovi has to be one of the most overrated bands in history and they just plain suck ! For real somewhat mainstream 80s metal listen to Metallica -LRB- old -RRB- , Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , or Dio . For real non-mainstream 80s metal listen to Slayer , Death , Kreator , or Celtic Frost .
 Who actually likes Bon-Jovi anyway ? Mullett wearing rednecks and Heretics .
 I agree with Motorbreth 100 % . This is the absolute bottom of the barrel . This is the album and the band that made heavy metal/hard rock about hair instead of music . The WORST band of ALL TIME.COMPLETE and UTTER GARBAGE.There is n't one second of music here that dislays the slightest bit of talent or musicianship . Jon Bon Jovi is the WORST singer in modern music . Period . Steve Perry and Journey are more credible -LRB- ... ugh . I ca n't believe I just wrote that ! - DAMN YOU , Bon Jovi ! -RRB- A complete waste of time and money ...
 the songs are not so good ! i hate bon jovi ! the lyrics are terrible ! there 's better bands ! this is old 80 's metal !
 Slippery When Wet some think its the greatest album of all time but personally i think its just one of those albums you can just pass on as nothing . Whats so special about , `` Let It Rock '' , oooh so they used synth and guitar and just played one note and than bon jovi 's singing comes in who cares . The reason i give it two stars is because its okay i guess i mean livin on a prayer and wanted dead or alive is okay but besides that its too glammy . not great not good
 There 's one thing I really dislike , people dive-bombing on a band that everyone says is `` trying to be real . . -LRB- genre insert here -RRB- , but is n't and is just a bunch of posers . '' Then they will go on to list a whole tonne of artists that are apparently what the genre is actually supposed to be , without actually explaining why the band they are dissing sucks . Who cares if it 's not real metal / punk / indie / whatever , yes , we know that there are legions of idiots who sit there with a Poison record on thinking they 're listening to heavy metal , but stop for a moment and disregard what everyone else thinks . Lets just , view this music by itself . . and stop worrying about what it 's not , and what it 's trying to be but failing.Bon Jovi suck , no doubt about it . They have ridden the cheese-wagon of bad music all the way to the bank and also forfilled the desires of morons who are looking for a `` dangerous alternative '' in music . Whatever Bon Jovi is supposed to be , or at least want to be , they 're not . Hair-metal is the ultimate cheese of all music , filled with sickly sweet over the top ` ironic ' bombastic ballads -LRB- the joke got old A LONG TIME AGO -RRB- with crappy melodies and an orchestral backdrop that would make the London Symphony seem weak . Then there 's the edgier ` party time ' rockers that have been done before and with actual character and worth by artists like AC/DC & Led Zeppelin -- all of the 80s hair metal is just lame imitations of the artists who did it right and did it originally . Add in some Bruce Springsteen blue-collar tales and you 've pretty much got Bon Jovi . This trash is the kind of stuff that noone around today actually remembers . The music sucks -- 1 -RRB- . To all of you out there who think they 've got real metal with a posion record -- you 're wrong , this is not real metal , this is soppy watered down metal . . and 3 -RRB- just because it 's not real metal is n't an intelligent point to put across as to why this band sucks -- judge their music -LRB- see point 1 -RRB- .
 The 1980s were certainly a very eclectic time for output in popular music . Especially for those of us who came of age during that decade . On the positive side , we had timeless albums such as The Joshua Tree , Moving Pictures , Master of Puppets and Remain in Light , among others.Bon Jovi 's Slippery When Wet represents the bad side of the 80s - generic songs ; a soulless processed drum sound ; and over-produced `` anthems . '' Bon Jovi , Motley Crue , Poison , all members of a shallow , talentless club .
 When I saw Bon Jovi open up for Ratt I became a big fan . He and his band blew Ratt of the stage . This was a surprise and I expected him to record some great rock . What I got here was pop blop . Yes , this gives rock 'n' roll a bad name ! There is just enough good stuff here to truly torment a real rock fan.If you do n't like rock music this may be for you ...
 Anyways , in 1986 of course we had classics like Reign in Blood , Master of Puppets , Peace Sells , Darkness Descends and Pleasure to Kill . However we had also garbage at the same year . Europe 's Final Countdown , Ratt 's Dancing Undercover , Judas Priest sold out with Turbo , Poison had that godawful Look What the Cat Dragged In etc. . And those albums were bad enough , but Slipery When Wet is beyond that . It was the main reason why hair-metal started to suck in the late 80 's . This is just as bad as BJ 's new stuff but I hate this at most cuz this his their most irritatingly overrated album . But still it 's so awful it makes Nevermind by Nirvana sound like The Number of the Beast by Iron Maiden . Jon Bon Jovi is a horrible singer and he ca n't write lyrics even if his life depends on it . He does stupid screams in his `` heavier '' songs -LRB- ` You Give Love A Bad Name ' , ` Let It Rock ' -RRB- , and he writes cheesy stuff -LRB- ` Livin ' On A Prayer ' , ` I 'd Die For You ' -RRB- . And the rest band is mediocre also . Richie Sambora -LRB- guitarist -RRB- is completely overrated . His riffs are standart and his solos are repetitive , this guy ca n't hold a candle to Adrian Smith , John Petrucci or K.K. Downing . The bassist and the drummer are nothing special either . The worst part is the vocals but there is nothing good here at all.I do n't say hair metal is all bad , for good stuuf of this kind listen to Guns N Roses , Scorpions , Montley Crue , Van Halen and Skid Row , but it just has too many garbage bands like Bon Jovi -LRB- which is by far the worst -RRB- . For good metal in general listen to Iron Maiden , Judas Priest -LRB- either ` Stained Class ' or ` Defenders of the Faith ' will be the best place to start , AVOID that ` Turbo ' cra p -RRB- , Queensryche , Slayer , Megadeth , 80 's Metallica , Dream Theater , Sepultura , Death , Suffocation , Black Sabbath , Pantera , Celtic Frost , Venom , Dark Angel and Kreator.Hate me for this review but someone had to say this . Actually when I come to think at it , this is the worst album of the 80 's . Hell , even all that cheesy 80 's pop stuff like Tina Turner was better than this pile of dogs hit.DEATH TO BON JOVI !! -LRB- BTW it 's an updated review
 this is n't the worst album ever , but it 's not good . Now , i 'm a huge fan of the 80 's rock scene , but for some reason , i never caught on to this album . Livin ' on a prayer , for god 's sake , i 'd rather listen to an old guy crap his pants . The only worhtwile song on here , in my opinion , is `` I 'd Die For You . '' Now that 's a good song.If you 're into bon jovi , GET IT , BY ALL MEANS !! but if you have a taste in music , buy van halen 's 1984 , or Def Leppard 's High 'N' Dry instead . GREAT 80 's ROCK !!
 This album epitomeses the worst kind of cheese American idolitry , and generally blows big things.Some of RS 's solos are passable , but for the most part - it 's standard bad popcorn glam , for over-the-hill women who drink in bars by themselves , and over-the-hill men who always wanted to be American , or popular - but failed on all counts.For more of this throw-away hamshank trash , see Europe , Def Leppard etc . .
 Right off the bat , I 'm gon na say it . I hate Bon Jovi with a vengeance and this album is the reason . Oh , I had plenty of reasons to hate them before this and I always thought they were a lame excuse for a rock band but this album took the cake . When the album preceeding this one , 7800 Fairenheit came out , these guys had already caused me grief twice . The first time , I was sitting at a girl 's house and took a magic marker and renamed the band `` Bad Joke '' on the 7800 Fairenheit cover , it was n't hard , just manipulate the letters a bit , but it fit and I was proud of my work . The girl , however , was not and started spouting off about my damaging her property and asked me to leave . Well , in retrospect , maybe I should thank Bon Jovi , cause she was a bit nutty , going off about a little thing like that . The second time was unforgivable , Bad Joke were riding on the coattails of Black Sabbath on a tour -LRB- the version of Sabbath with no less than Ian Gillan as vocalist -RRB- and my best friend and I had tickets . These two girls we knew wanted us to take them , so we did , and we sat through Blow Jobi 's horrid set and Richie Sambora 's sophomoric one note guitar solo and were readying ourselves for Sabbath . Well 3 songs into Sabbath these girls start whinning and complaining that they wanted to leave so much , we finally took them home and missed a milestone never to be repeated with Sabbath . That was enough to make me hate Bon Jovi for life , but then this tepid little piece of trash called Slippery When Wet comes out . A cliche ridden -LRB- what do you expect when Desmond Child is a writer ?!?! -RRB- , hardly rocking , pile of excrement that was n't fit for a boy band . Yeah , I was biased already , but this sludge was unforgivable . I had an analogy I used to give people -LRB- mainly girls , no guys I knew ever defended this poop -RRB- when they would defend this crap , and it was , how well would you like this crap if Jon Bon Jovi looked like Tiny Tim , and the answer I usually got -LRB- grudginly -RRB- was not much . So this music is basically good to lie a bed , and think of that dreamy Jon Bon singing it , nothing more , nothing less . So for a non-gay male such as myself , this band had nothing to offer . No wonder you do n't see too many guys in Bon Blowme 's videos fist pumping to their rockin ' tunes , unless they dug something other than the music -LRB- wink wink -RRB- . This clcihe riden dung has no redeeming value whatsoever . Now to the songs -- Let It Rock -LRB- girly metal -RRB- , You Give Love A Bad Name -LRB- yeah ? and you give hair metal a bad name , Jon -RRB- . This song was played so often , I could name the tune in 1 note and fly from wherever I was standing to make sure I did n't hear the second note . Livin ' On A Prayer -- a song of love 's survival beating the odds supposedly , but then Bon Bon sings , '' it does n't make a difference if we make it or not '' , which rendered the whole song pointless . Social Disease is what you get when you listen to this Bon Jon Jon character to much . Wanted Dead Or Alive -- `` I 'm a cowboy '' -LRB- right Bonehead and I 'm a rocket scientist , puh-leeze !!! -RRB- . Sad attempt at a soundtrack song for Young Guns , another 80 's artifact that should be shot and put out of it 's misery . Hop on your steel horse and pedal your happy ass home , Boo Joobi !!!!! Raise Your Hands -- The title is a cliche and so is every line of the song . Basically an excuse to -LRB- what else ? -RRB- raise your hands at a Bon Ami show !!! What fun ! Without Love , I 'd Die For You and Wild In the Streets and any others I did n't mention are even worse than the one 's I already wasted time on . This album has won worst of awards in every magazine I can think of , and is on many critics worst of lists also . Why would anyone want this ? It 's absolutely horrible !
 I used to think Korn was the destroyer of metal , boy was I wrong ... after hearing this I knew it was Bon Jovi . I really think that this is the worst music of the 80 's , even worse than Modanna or Paula Abdul . Even hairmetal fans dont like this ! Hairmetal fans listen to Twisted Sister and Skid Row , and avoid pop like this , White Snake , Poison , Warrant , and Europe . This bad joke here made it so other pansies like Cinderella had a chance to make it , when all they were were talentless hacks who ripped off Van Halens 1984 . I could n't imagine anyone listening to this without having their ears bleed , this makes disco look like Led Zeppelin ! Well , at least its better than Good Charlotte and Linkin Park -LRB- although not by much -RRB- . Anyone who hates Jon Bon Blowme and Bad Joke is commendable , because they -LRB- Socialist Metal Head , Cotton Hell for example -RRB- are smart enough to realize how p ** sified this is . I feel bad for anyone who does n't see through Bad Jokes haze.DIE JON BON BLOWME !
 Here it is - Slippery When Wet . I believe Bon Jovis 3rd album . This album is a turning point if you follow heavy metal . Its the watershed album that turned heavy metal from an up and comming genre into a laughing stock . This band doesnt get the flack it deserves . This is the 1910 Fruitgum Company with flangers and fuzzboxes . Its candy a $ $ crap aimed at 13 year old girls . Its part of the reason music is in the sad state it finds itself today . This is what Nirvana -LRB- the most over rated bandin history -RRB- and a host of grunge bands revolted against ... and successfully so . Why ? Because this music is so bad that anything would make it look good . You can directly thank Bon Jovi and crue for the pussification of heavy metal .
 Theres no denying Jon Bon Jovi has an incredible vocal range and Richie Sambora , unlike many 80 's guitarists can really wail when he wants to . The first half of this album fares much better then the second half . Theres arena rock gems like `` Let it Rock '' , `` You give love a bad name '' and `` Livin on a Prayer '' . `` Wanted : Dead or Alive '' is worth listening to if simply to hear Sambora 's sick guitar intro . Unfortunately the second half of the album collapses under its own hair gel . Theres a couple more rockers but mostly ballads so sappy they make Sammy Hagar look like a die hard cynic . IT will make you grateful Kurt Cobain came along and destroyed this kind of spandex and Vo5 charged poodle hair metal . In any case the album does make you wonder how much you got to fork over for those girls in the album jacket to wash youre car .
 Bon Jovi mixes rock and pop on this album to make something that has a complete 80s sound . This album , especially the hit livin on a prayer , is a complete Bruce Springsteen ripoff . After seeing how well Springsteen had been doing -LRB- in particular 2 years earlier with Born In The USA -RRB- this band tried to use the same themes in their music but it did n't work so well for them . Buy Springsteen way before this .
 My face was sadly left unrocked . If I ever run into Mr. Jovi , I will tell him that his ratio of faces rocked/faces seen is now slightly askew .
 When I first wrote a review for this album I was a little `` hard '' on Bon Joi and this disc . After reading my review several times I realized this was n't a `` bad '' album , it 's just that it sold a lot more copies than I thought it would . I just do n't understand why Bon Jovi has remaind so popular while other bands like Dokken and Ratt have not enjoyed that level of success . Was Bon Jovi that much different than Ratt or Dokken ? Of course not ! Those three bands first appeared during the '80s and pretty much recorded the same kind of music -LRB- hard rock -RRB- . Although this album does contain some of Bon Jovi 's best tunes -LRB- Wanted Dead or Alive and You Give Love a Bad Name -RRB- those songs are really no better than Dokken 's In My Dreams or Ratt 's Round and Round . Ratt and Dokken may have rocked a little `` harder '' than Bon Jovi , but if you compare this album to Ratt 's Out Of The Cellar or Dokken 's Under Lock And Key I feel the Ratt and Dokken albums are much stronger and contain better songs .
 I discovered Rory Block one night on Austin City Limits . I was captivated . On stage by herself , performing passionate folk/blues , singing and playing her acoustic guitar as if she meant every word and note . Bonnie Raitt , Joni Mitchell and Joan Baez all rolled into one . I went on a quest to find some of her CDs , and eventually bought Mama 's Blues , which I liked . I also recently bought Confessions of a Blues Singer , which is even better.Tornado disappointed me . Only three or four of the songs were the bluesy stuff I was expecting . Most of the rest are more mainstream ballady things , and they really drag . I really love the artist , but this was one CD I wished I had n't bought .
 Ms. Vaughn was a fabulous chanteuse , but this album is over-produced , and second rate at best.Get Sarah Vaughn and Clifford Brown for the best of her work !
 Is this music 's destiny ? God I hope not ! I recently went on a journey with a work collegue of mine who is in her early twenties . She insisted on playing this purile piece of bubble wrapped mush on her car CD player , despite my objections . I should have charged her for wasting over half an hour of my life . This music is an insult to the intelligence . The founders of R&B music must be turning in their graves , because this is quite simply not R&B music . It is four young girls with average voices thrown together by a super rich record company , who know there are vunerable young souls out there daft enough to believe that this is worth paying their pocket money for . Listen kids ; ` DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE ! ' . In ten years time you will put this into your CD player and think ` Oh my god , what was I thinking ' . The lyrics appear to have been written by a 13 year old on her lunch break . Bob Dylan this ai n't . As for the musical content , what musical content ? The so called ` rythym ' is just a mish mash of beats thrown together with a bit of harpsicord thrown in .
 Imagine that you 're walking down the street and some idiot hits you with a car . Better that than THIS . The constant annoyingly catchy songs just nver seem to end -LRB- especially once the chorus just wont stop playing in youre head -RRB- and the lyrics just become more and more pointless . bug-a-boo ? couldnt they have come up with a real word or phrase like `` for god sake dont touch our album '' . All they sing about are boyfreinds , clingy boyfreinds , cheap boyfreinds , lazy boyfreinds , etc etc. . Oh yeah and bug-a-boos ... ? Basically this album could be described perfectly in one wod . Unfortunately I cant say that word so these will have to do `` PUUURRREEEE EEEEVVVVVIIILLLL '' . Debate with me whenever you want .
 Ok now No , NO , NO was a hit but it got played out after while just like this new cd . I mean after while Beyonce 's voice becomes annoying and begins to make u wonder can any of the other members sing ? I am not hatin or knockin these girls dreams but get another singer please ! I do n't advise anyone to buy the album find a friend that was a fool and bought it already .
 It 's hard to lump all the songs on this cd together however as a true fan of R&B I find the riffs on Jumpin Jumpin embarassing . I understand this music is selctively geared toward african american females 12-30 , but the singing is flat and the hook lacks melody . Did I mention the lyrics ? As for Bills Bills Bills it too lacks creative musical arrangement but I must admit it was catchy enough for the usual cd consumer , Female . I like some TLC . Erikah Badu can be great at times . The monotonous sound of Destinys Child is prevelant now in 2000 and aside from their good looks and relationship with female peers their music is candykorn dispensable !
 This is a GREAT CD for those with insomnia . I requested the CD for Christmas and that was the last day that I listened to it . Most of the songs are corny and the rest are over played on the radio . So if you are thinking of buying this CD Run , Run far ! I hope this helps !
 Say My Name is the only cool song on this.The rest is just weak.Bills Bills Bills is blatently ripping off No Scrubs.Go by a real r & balbum instead .
 there was no cd inside the case ; i hope that this is not an attempt to con multiple people into purchasing the same product
 This was not as good as I had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while I am working out but the rest is good .
 `` Bills , Bills , Bills , '' `` Bug A Boo , '' and `` Say My Name '' are pretty good but ... that 's it . Even those songs are n't nearly as catchy as the ones found on Survivor . And their beats are so feverishly all-over-the-place , these songs are nearly impossible to hum along to . I 've really never liked `` Jumpin Jumpin , '' it 's SO overrated . It 's way , WAY too slow to be a dance song , and the verses are incredibly aggravating , the chorus is the only fairly catchy part . And what in GOD 's name these girls were trying to accomplish in the Intro is absolutely beyond me , it 's downright disturbing . It is NOT the DC I know and love . It 's like a scene out of Godfather or something ... wtf are they smoking putting crap like that as the first track on their album , it gets it off to a horrible start !! DC 's first two albums suck , and Destiny Fulfilled sucks too ... the only album of theirs I can really recommend is Survivor .
 The cats who are programming the tracks on this album are :1 -RRB- Drinking way too much coffee ... or ... 2 -RRB- Ca n't program/or produce to save their livesThis album is so fidgetty , so nervous and so random in it 's concept , that it took all my energy just to survive one listen . It 's really hard to stomach.This is the same `` cut and paste '' disposable R&B that seems to be polluting the airwaves these days.In contrast , check out TLC 's Fanmail ... it has alot of jittery , nervous stuff going on , yet it 's balanced by some incredibly creative productions including hard core rap , techno R&B and a couple of Babyface cuts . The TLC girls also reveal many sides of themselves where as the Destiny 's Child ladies ... just WHINE !
 not able to put it on my MP3 because of securtiy code
 if you are into dancing , clubs , partying , etcthis album is for youif you are into old school r and b this is not for youbecause these lyrics and tunes have been played before in different variations so its kind of oldthis is for the new generation who has never heard the old songs .
 These girls have got a lot of talent , yes . They can really wail out a tune . But the production side , which is obviously responsible for the crisp finished product that is advertised as `` Destiny 's Child '' , could have steered this release a little further toward originality , and not just the same old tired `` my man cheated on me '' and `` I cheated on my man '' nonsense . Still better than bubble gum pop , but lacking the soul that makes some acts great while others are , as the reviewer says up front , `` disposable '' . I saw them live on their first tour several years back , and I wonder ... if Wyclef had n't pushed them so hard , would many people have been saying their name in the first place ?
 Compared to their first Cd , Destiny 's Child has n't gotten better . Too many songs on here sound alike , too much alike . And the lyrics are sometimes corny and simple . The only standout tracks are `` Bills Bills Bills '' , `` Say My Name '' and `` Where 'd You Go '' . Other than that it is just average , very unorignal R&B . I recommend Pink 's `` Ca n't Take Me Home '' which is far better .
 The sophmore follow-up to the self-titled debut cd fares better than its predecessor . Its strengths are the catchy chorus of `` Bills , Bills , Bills . '' The background vocals are more full and warmer than the previous cd or the `` Survivor '' cd . However , the weaknesses are glaring . Beyonce continues to dominate on every track with her thin two and half octave range voice , and recycled vocal ad libs . Latavia and Latoya are barely present on this cd . If they are , I would n't be able to tell since all the harmonising and ad libs are done by Beyonce and to lesser exent , Kelly . Other weaknesses includes sung-rap verses with little or no melody ; double chorus that repeat ad nauseum -LRB- `` Say My Name being a prime example . -RRB- ; and the fact that all the backgrounds are boring -LRB- Say My Name -RRB- because the other singers are n't allowed to do anything but sing the chorus over and over . Or the songs are overly busy with Beyonce 's caterwauling ad libs -LRB- `` Say My Name '' , `` Bills , Bills , Bills . -RRB- And furthermore the songs all sound alike to me , one blending into the other like one big song . And lastly , the overused man-bashing theme is a turn-off . I 'm a woman , and I still believe that!My conclusion is that this is yet another overhyped piece of pop tofu that is a testiment to mediocrity and does n't deserve to be purchased by any discerning rhythm and blues lover .
 The music content on this CD is wonderful . The actual product was a disappointment . The CD was extremely scratched and I was unable to listen to most of the tracks . There was no point in selling this product .
 Music on this album are purely communist propanganda music from Red China . It 's important if you are into this research topic.But as a whole , this album is lack of creativity .
 Dj Krush is great , anticon is great , but this album is just boring . Every song sounds pretty much the same , the vocal tracks by the members of anticon are drowned out and the song done with Angelina Esparza , is less than so-so . It sounds like Dj Krush was given 10 sounds and was told to make an album using only those 10 sounds and 1 tempo . Again , I would reccomend any other Dj Krush album , and suggest that you check out anticon if you have n't already because they are splendid , but this album was weak .
 Music on this album are purely communist propanganda music from Red China . It 's important if you are into this research topic.But as a whole , this album is lack of creativity .
 It seems that all the energy , the `` music stamina '' Al Jarreau had , is definitely gone . I waited until I could read all the comments on this album , then bought it . Wasted money ! If you 're expecting to find more of the magnificent Jazz & Pop exercises Al Jarreau did in `` Breakin ' Away '' , `` Jarreau '' or `` L Is For Lover '' , just forget it ... !!! This album is for dark-Jazz & Blues fans only . Anyway , Jarreau 's voice sounds simply murky and boring .
 One of the greatest jazz singers , Sarah Vaughan , was also a great pop-singer , one of the best produced by the USA . However , although some interpretation 's on this album are quite acceptable , and some of the material quite intriguing , the arrangements used by Hal Mooney 's orchestra are at times really IRRITATING -LRB- only a handful of songs is recorded with other orchestras -RRB- . Even when the emphasis is not on the strings , the music still sounds corny ... Just in order to be sure I 'm not too strict -LRB- being a jazz fan -RRB- i gave this album more than one star .
 I bought this out of a nostalgic yearning that came from good experiences with other dated but good stuff like Country Joe 's 1st two albums etc. . I had owned the 1st West Coast Pop album back in the day and although hokey , I liked it and I had never had this one , so I picked it up and man it was not real groovy for me . These guys were n't all that as they say today and it shows . In order for material to be `` timeless '' it 's got ta be good and the people that made it have to have real talent and expertise . These guys were half-baked players at the time they cut this stuff and they are garbage band players even by today 's standards which means they suck . They are so bad that I do n't even think MTV would let them posture and jump up and down , even if they smoked cigs , had tatoos , and jammed all kinds of metal shards thru their lips .
 I 'm supposing that this Greatest Hits package has been reissued . And , as such , the rumored earlier four disc set supposedly released had a slightly different tracklisting because it was -LRB- as legend has it -RRB- a greatest hits package of covers . This oft-rumored previous box-set of `` Great White 's Greatest '' contained Great White 's burnin ' hawt versions of music 's hottest hits ... just smokin ' with blood , sweat , and ... I suppose more blood and sweat . And Ash . From `` Evil Dead . '' THAT Ash.Oh , and ... what 's this I hear about O'so KRISPIE from TLC -LRB- she replaced the dead Lisa Left Eye Lopes -RRB- possibly replacing Jack Russell ??? I know they covered a TLC song on the Greatest Hits set , but is this rumor true?Anyhoo , I digress ... here 's that smokin ' hot track listing I referenced earlier :1 -RRB- We Did n't Start the Fire -LRB- Billy Joel -RRB- 2 -RRB- On Fire -LRB- Van Halen -RRB- 3 -RRB- Let Me Stand Next To Your Fire -LRB- Jimi Hendrix -RRB- 4 -RRB- Fire -LRB- Pointer Sisters -RRB- 5 -RRB- Night on Fire -LRB- VHS or Beta -RRB- 6 -RRB- Fire -LRB- Crazy World of Arthur Brown -RRB- 7 -RRB- This Fire -LRB- Frand Ferdinand -RRB- 8 -RRB- Ring of Fire -LRB- Johnny Cash -RRB- 9 -RRB- Sleep Now In The Fire -LRB- Rage Against the Machine -RRB- 10 -RRB- Playing With Fire -LRB- Kevin Federline -RRB- 11 -RRB- Into The Fire -LRB- Bryan Adams -RRB- 12 -RRB- Room On Fire -LRB- Stevie Nicks -RRB- 13 -RRB- I 'm On Fire -LRB- Bruce Springsteen -RRB- 14 -RRB- Put Out The Fire -LRB- Queen -RRB- 15 -RRB- Wild Fire -LRB- Tracy Bird -RRB- 16 -RRB- The Christmas Song -LRB- Mel Torme -RRB- 17 -RRB- Hot Like Fire -LRB- Jessica Simpson -RRB- 18 -RRB- Light My Fire -LRB- The Doors -RRB- 19 -RRB- Jump In The Fire -LRB- ` Tallica -RRB- 20 -RRB- Burn -LRB- King Diamond -RRB- 21 -RRB- This House Is On Fire -LRB- AC/DC -RRB- 22 -RRB- I 've Got The Fire -LRB- Montrose -RRB- 23 -RRB- Quest For Fire -LRB- Iron Maiden -RRB- 24 -RRB- My @ss Is On Fire -LRB- Mr. Bungle -RRB- 25 -RRB- Firehouse -LRB- Kiss -RRB- 26 -RRB- Sleeping in the Fire -LRB- Wasp -RRB- 27 -RRB- Cities on Flame -LRB- Blue Oyster Cult -RRB- 28 -RRB- House of Fire -LRB- Alice Cooper -RRB- 29 -RRB- Rock of Ages -LRB- Pyromania -RRB- -LRB- Def Leppard -RRB- 30 -RRB- Burning for You -LRB- Blue Oyster Cult -RRB- 31 -RRB- The Flame -LRB- Wasp -RRB- 32 -RRB- Burning Like a Flame -LRB- Dokken -RRB- 33 -RRB- Smokin ' -LRB- Boston -RRB- 34 -RRB- Burning Down the House -LRB- Talking Heads -RRB- 35 -RRB- I Lit Your Baby On Fire -LRB- An * l C * nt -RRB- 36 -RRB- Death On Fire -LRB- Amon Amarth -RRB- 37 -RRB- Serenity In Fire -LRB- Kataklysm -RRB- 38 -RRB- Firestarter -LRB- The Prodigy -RRB- 39 -RRB- Take Hold Of The Flame -LRB- Queensryche -RRB- 40 -RRB- Hot Rockin ' -LRB- Judas Priest -RRB- 41 -RRB- Eternal Flame -LRB- The Bangles -RRB- 42 -RRB- The Flame -LRB- Cheap Trick -RRB- 43 -RRB- Kiss The Flame -LRB- Jewel -RRB- 44 -RRB- Burn -LRB- Deep Purple -RRB- 45 -RRB- Burning Up -LRB- Madonna -RRB- 46 -RRB- Freewheel Burning -LRB- Judas Priest -RRB- 47 -RRB- Burning -LRB- Accept -RRB- 48 -RRB- Burning Man -LRB- Queensryche -RRB- 49 -RRB- Slow Dancing In A Burning Room -LRB- John Mayer -RRB- 50 -RRB- Burning Alive -LRB- AC/DC -RRB- 51 -RRB- Burning Love -LRB- Elvis Presley -RRB- 52 -RRB- Something 's Burning -LRB- Kenny Rogers and the First Edition -RRB- 53 -RRB- Burning Down -LRB- Meatloaf -RRB- 54 -RRB- Give It To Me While It 's Hot -LRB- TLC -RRB- 55 -RRB- Great Balls Of Fire -LRB- Jerry Lee Lewis -RRB- 56 -RRB- Fire On High -LRB- Electric Light Orchestra -RRB- 57 -RRB- Hang Fire -LRB- The Rolling Stones -RRB- 58 -RRB- This Girl 's On Fire -LRB- The Thompson Twins -RRB- 59 -RRB- Face The Fire -LRB- Dan Fogelberg -RRB- 60 -RRB- Hot Mouthful Of Molten Man Hood -LRB- Judas Priest -RRB-
 Watered down folk-psych circa 1968 . If you think Country Joe and The Fish is too hard rock then this is for you . Too too flower power and not very imaginative , in fact it 's rather boring . Perhaps it should be retitled Exile On Yawn Street .
 But not as good as Volume 1 . Experimental indeed , 1:32 of pure silence on WWIII ... it was the 60 's man . Annoying chatter from Markely not as annoying on this one , either becuase its less in the mix , less songs have it or sometimes it actually works . Take with a big grain of salt -LRB- or a big grain of something -RRB- and you might be allright . Better as a concise ablum than earlier disjointed efforts but not as many great songs -LRB- but less sucky ones at least -RRB- .
 I can not review the product which I know is great , as I was billed for it , but never received it .
 I 've been reading good reviews of this album everywhere , and I can not understand why . When I heard this album I thought it was a joke at first . Surely this was n't the same guy who had released those other 2 great albums . It sounds like a very lazy attempt by Felix , and I was extremely disappointed .
 Given the unique beauty of these gorgeous deep Russian voices , I would have wanted more specifically basso profondo stand-alone pieces on this recording . There are some , but they are interspersed or mingled with rather too many ordinary bass and tenor pieces . The recording quality is fine .
 this is whats wrong with most of the smooth jazz genre.lame mechanical tracks thrown over a bed of programmed drums.Its time to get REAL and play it that way !!!!!!
 Other than the cover of Aretha 's Daydreamin there 's nothing to love about this disc .
 I must say that I was disappointed with this CD ... I really was expecting much more . Too many mid tempo songs that tended to sound alike and just did n't seem to go anywhere . Carrie Akre 's guest vocal on `` House At The End Of The World '' was a real treat though . Not a terrible recording , but definitely not up to the standard set with `` Green Thoughts . ''
 Those guys from Jersey have managed to do it again . They 've made their last hugely dissappointing album , `` A Date With The Smithereens '' , seem like a masterpiece . With each album the Smithereens have released since `` Green Thoughts '' , they 've proven that it really can get worse . As for this high-priced frisbee , it makes it very clear to me that Pat Dinizio -LRB- who once upon a time wrote some GREAT pop music -RRB- has completely forgotten how to write a melody or even a lyric . If you want to hear proof of this theory , listen to `` Everything Changes '' or `` The Last Good Time '' or `` Flowers In the Blood '' or `` Try '' or ... well , you get the idea . My humble advice for these guys is to stop trying so hard and accept the fact that it 's not so bad to sound natural . Instead , they sound tired , bored and 100 % - out-of-ideas . Remember ... this review is written by a MAJOR Smithereens fan . My problem is that I now realize I 'll probably never hear an album from these confused popsters that even comes close to the joyful magic of `` Especially For You '' or `` Green Thoughts '' . I thought you had more in ya ... Pat .
 Great , two Smithereens albums I already have and a handful of demos that do n't justify buying the whole she-bang a second time . The Smithereens were one of the first `` college rock '' groups I really liked because they did n't sound like the usual dreck eMpTy V played , but between this and the second best-of , the band 's becoming as unattainable when it comes to new material as the girls Pat DiNizio used to sing about . Is it writer 's block ? Is it lack of interest on the band 's part ? Learn from the mistakes of George Lucas , boys . You sang it yoruselves on the Timecop soundtrack , `` Time wo n't let me wait that long . `` And to the buyer , unless you 're a pair of Nikes shy of Heaven 's Gate when it comes to the Smithereens . You already have these so go spend your money on something/someone else.Signed , epsteinsmutha
 you know , for the price amazon is advertising for this CDits really NOT worth it ! i was like for this price he bettersing like D'ANGELO and the brother can really sing its justhis musical direction is all over the place and it throws offhis vocals like they dont match with the music , but i wasvery dissapointed i did like '' 4 u '' thats it !
 Getz other Bossa Nova album 's are classics . Start with the delightful `` Getz/Gilberto '' , the second best selling Jazz CD of all time , then `` Jazz Samba '' , `` Jazz Samba Encore '' . But by the time Norm Grantz at Verve pushed him into this , he was pretty tired of Samba . `` Chenga de Saudade '' is definitely the best and `` Niote Triste '' is pleasant but this type of big band highly-scripted format was n't his forte . It 's Stan , so he 's -LRB- almost -RRB- never bad , he puts on a brave face and does the best under the circumstances.Inoffensive , but quite Pop and shallow.Make sure you have the other albums above before you get this one.Sorry they ca n't all be great . Tryin ' to save you money .
 Being a jazz and Getz fan , and having listened to Getz/Gilberto hundreds of times , never tiring of it , I was thrilled to find this album in a used record store . I listened to it 2 maybe 3 times and then threw it away . Ca n't even remember what made it so bad , it was just too awful to keep on the shelf and try to listen to once a year .
 The Simple Minds -LRB- a brass band in african chimes -RRB- and Mansun -LRB- wide open space -RRB- tracks are super , as are , of course , the two Chicane tracks -LRB- which can be found on Far From The Maddening Crowds -RRB- . Otherwise , I 'm really hard pressed to recommend any other tracks . Not recommended .
 A very disappointing collection from verve.Particulary two tracks with the mushy organ sound have the ambiance of a holiday inn lounge.very difficult to get through those tracks.Stay with classic Basie and avoid this hodge podge.If you like the basie sound you will be dissapointed .
 I bought this DVD a while back to replace my aging VHS video . Naturally I expected to get the same concert film only with better sound and picture quality however that was not to be the case . The first thing I noticed was that two great tracks were missing , `` Cities '' and `` Big Business / I Zimbra '' . Actually the tracks are included but they are separate `` bonus '' tracks and they have not been converted to wide screen like the rest of the tracks . The best thing about this concert was the unique concept of building up the stage as it progressed . And because of this you absolutely ruin the film by removing segments or showing them out of order . Its kind of like cutting up a priceless painting and putting the pieces back together in a different order . It 's almost a sacrilege . Well you might be saying to yourselves at this point that its worth it for the superior sound quality of digital media but unfortunately you do n't even get that . I have listened to the original so many times that I know every little sound by heart and when I first played this DVD I noticed that certain sounds were missing . In fact it was so bad that I thought that one of the channels must be out on my sound system . For example in most places on the DVD Alex Wear 's guitar can barely be heard at all . Also certain sounds have completely been dropped . For example where Alex points his guitar at a running David Byrne like it 's a gun there should be a sound effect there which is now completely absent . Basically it 's just a terrible mix . I mean I understand that when you have three guitars playing at once plus a bass guitar you have to lower the volume on some of them in the mix to not have it sound jumbled but you should still be able to hear all the instruments clearly . The original mix was just right as far as I 'm concerned and in any case no mix should be so bad that it makes you think that your sound system is broken . Anyway if you still have a VCR player or DVD VCR combo as I do I would recommend trying to find the original VHS tape instead , especially if you have never seen this one before . You should see it for the first time the way it was meant to be seen .
 Most of the reviews have been raves . I usually rate tunes by my impression the first time I listen to them or to a new arrangment . Not being a huge Talking Heads fan , I found many of the songs uneventful , and the stage effects a bit distracting . Some of the lighting effects seemed like updated versions of 60s psychedelic for the kids who were n't old enough to have seen it . I 'm an old musician , so I like to see the musicians more than the staging . The entire show seemed to be just a showcase for David Byrne to putz around on stage . I was especially disappointed by the arrangement of `` Take Me To The River '' . I really liked the tempo of the original version - it had a grindingly soulful sound to it . Speeding it up by about 30 % was a mistake , and the tune lost the thing that made it what it originally was.I recently heard that one of our local PBS stations is going to air this concert DVD during a fundraiser . I wish I 'd waited to hear it there first - I would n't have bought a copy .
 I loved Stop Making Sense when I saw it in the cinema many years ago . Unfortunately , the DVD can not be played on our DVD player -LRB- Sony PlayStation 2 -RRB- and I had to return it to the shop for a refund . The shopkeeper said dozens of copies had been returned because the DVD is incompatible with several different DVD players . Why make a DVD that can not be viewed by all normal machines ? The irony is that this DVD is distributed in Canada by Sony Music and can not be played on a Sony PS2 .
 I loved `` Stop Making Sense '' when it hit the movie theaters back in the mid 80 's . I was Very Disappointed with the DVD . It Was Not the movie !! It was all this bogus and unnecessary commentary laid over a classic piece of performing arts . The ceaseless drivel totally ruined this classic live music performance . I would Very Much like to get the Original Movie & not this dubbed nonsense . I am very unsatisfied .
 Get ready for five minutes of lame advertising at the beginning of this tape . Except for the movie trailer for Stop Making Sense , which immediately precedes the movie , the remaining advertising is totally unrelated to David Byrne , the Talking Heads or alternative music.An example of this outrageous imposition upon customers is advertising for a concert video of the McGarrigle sisters with the Wainwright family . This is n't the worst of it ! I would not have purchased the video , had I known David Byrne 's artistry would be marred with this commercial dross.What is next , five minutes of audio advertising on every CD I purchase ? Since the integerity of the work obiously has no meaning to the people that put this together , I am surprized they did n't cut the film up into segments and intersperse commercials between the songs!If you make it through the commercials to what you paid for , you will see really inventive music-making and interesting staging . I am old enough to remember when this tour took place and could kick myself for not attending one of the live shows .
 The only reason for 1 star is that I could not send it without marking the star rating system ... otherwise it would be 0 . I never recieved this item . it was obviously lost in the mail.I would suggest a better tracking system for amazon related items ... makes me leary of ordering anything through amazon again.I was in touch with the seller -LRB- book community -RRB- and they offered a full refund , which I have n't gotten yet ... but they have promised to make good.I hope this helps.Kerri E. Allen
 This was a very jazzy album and just seemed to try too hard . I know singers must get tired of singing the same type of songs , but I did n't enjoy this one at all and gave it away . Did n't even want to keep it for my Christmas collection .
 I hate to disagree with so many reviewers , but I definitely do n't think this collection is worth owning . I am a huge Ella fan , and own almost all of the songbooks , but this collection does n't seem to capture the magic of Ella 's voice the way some of those other albums do . I bought it , thinking no Ella album could be disappointing , but I was unfortunately wrong . The recordings seem tossed off and do n't allow her voice to be fully appreciated . I admit that I generally prefer Ella 's ballads to the more up-tempo jazz numbers , so I may simply be biased against this collection . But I find that Christmas songs by Bing Crosby and Burl Ives work better and are more universally loved because the songs compliment their voices more.If you must own everything Ella ever recorded , by all means , buy this album . But for the more casual Ella fan , I think that Ella 's talents are wasted on most of these songs , so I recommend that you invest in one of her songbooks and a copy of `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' instead .
 I hate to disagree with so many reviewers , but I definitely do n't think this collection is worth owning . I am a huge Ella fan , and own almost all of the songbooks , but this collection does n't seem to capture the magic of Ella 's voice the way some of those other albums do . I bought it , thinking no Ella album could be disappointing , but I was unfortunately wrong . The recordings seem tossed off and do n't allow her voice to be fully appreciated . I admit that I generally prefer Ella 's ballads to the more up-tempo jazz numbers , so I may simply be biased against this collection . But I find that Christmas songs by Bing Crosby and Burl Ives work better and are more universally loved because the songs compliment their voices more.If you must own everything Ella ever recorded , by all means , buy this album . But for the more casual Ella fan , I think that Ella 's talents are wasted on most of these songs , so I recommend that you invest in one of her songbooks and a copy of `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' instead .
 This was a very jazzy album and just seemed to try too hard . I know singers must get tired of singing the same type of songs , but I did n't enjoy this one at all and gave it away . Did n't even want to keep it for my Christmas collection .
 I first heard this is my beloved in the 60 's on a radio show named The Real McCoy -LRB- Sid McCoy -RRB- . Laurence Harvey set the poem by Walter Benton to lyric , accompanied by Herbie Mann . This is the original recording . A year or so later , Arthur Prysock ' version was realeased and does not do justice to the original . You can feel the love & the lost of a true love in Laurence Harvey/w Herbie Mann 's version . You can also start or rekindle a deeper love affair while making love to this original version . Arthur Prysock does not even come close to this .
 As a poet , I was enraptured with the book . Written in the 40 's , I can still pick it up and say `` Wow ! `` But to listen to this guy reading an excerpt ... makes my soul shrivel . Get the book ; forget the recording .
 I first heard this is my beloved in the 60 's on a radio show named The Real McCoy -LRB- Sid McCoy -RRB- . Laurence Harvey set the poem by Walter Benton to lyric , accompanied by Herbie Mann . This is the original recording . A year or so later , Arthur Prysock ' version was realeased and does not do justice to the original . You can feel the love & the lost of a true love in Laurence Harvey/w Herbie Mann 's version . You can also start or rekindle a deeper love affair while making love to this original version . Arthur Prysock does not even come close to this .
 Anyone who expects to hear the words of Walter Benton flowing from the heart of someone in love will be as mightily disappointed as I the first time I put this disc in my player . Ron Pearlman , reading love poems for his `` Beauty and the Beast '' CD , knows how to read romantic poetry ; Arthur Prysock should stick to jazz . The music selected for background and the oft-mispronounced words that seem sometimes to be pushed unwillingly from Prysock 's mouth , do not lend themselves to romance at all.I suppose having had the poems read to me a long time ago by someone who knew how to read romantic phrases influenced my expectations for this rendition by Prysock . I expected to close my eyes , drift into the sensuous world Benton paints to express his love for Lillian and to be left teary-eyed when I finished . Instead , I winced at the inappropriately loud , raucous music and the monotonous reading , aghast that Prysock somehow received permission from the publishers of Benton 's work to deliver them thus . In a phrase
 I ended up here because I was trying to see if Laurence Harvey 's version of This Is My Beloved is available on CD . Alas , it does not appear to be . I am one of the lucky ones who ran across another vinyl of it a few years ago many years after losing my first copy and am listening to it as I write . As much as I love Arthur Prysock 's voice , no one can TOUCH Harvey 's version of this book and I have both ! I would suggest checking stores that specialize is used/out of print albums for Harvey 's version . No disrespect to Prysock , but you 'll never listen to it the same way again !
 I can only compare this to the Laurence Harvey LP that I lost 20 some-odd years ago , and it is a poor imitation . It becomes apparent immediately that Mr. Prysock is an amateur when it comes to dramatic reading . This poem requires a skilled professional , such as Mr. Harvey , to provide the tonal nuances and subtle changes of cadance that bring these words to life . Also , the music is inappropriate and in many places overpowers the speaker . Use your money to buy the book .
 The people that reviewed this single are totally wrong . The original version -LRB- by the La 's -RRB- is a hundred times better .
 When the La 's released `` There She Goes , '' the released a timeless , underrated classic . Sixpence None The Richer try to duplicate the greatness of the original , but fail . Their cover sounds bland and uninteresting although they try to make it a little different by switching the key a little . However , it just does n't work . Get the original by the La 's instead . Nice try .
 The first time I heard this I wanted to kick my TV screen in . Apparently , Sixpence think so highly of this song they 're willing to sell it to the hucksters for commercial use . I 'm with the LA 's fans , get their version which is on a great album . I hope this trend does n't get out of hand -- mediocre bands selling cover versions of great songs to ad agencies . Thank goodness for the Neil Young 's of the world who will never sell out .
 The majority of reviewers on this board contend that this rubbish cover of The La 's immortal single `` There She Goes '' -LRB- absolutely the best record of the past 15 years -RRB- is superior to the original , which is akin to saying that Oasis are a better pure pop band than The Beatles . Firstly , Sixpence None The Richer -LRB- a Christian band -RRB- do n't seem to understand that Lee Mavers ' classic , chiming tune is actually about heroin addiction ! Secondly , the reviewers here who keep mumbling about this song 's debt to The Velvet Underground do n't understand that Mavers was far more talented than Lou Reed could ever hope to be -LRB- I abhor '' ... & Nico , '' easily the most overrated album of all-time -RRB- . Simply , the fact that the Liverpudlian genius 's signature tune has been turned into a MTV tween hit is an atrocity .
 This is the worst cover of one of the best pop songs of 1990 's , buy the original version by the La 's .
 The La 's produced an absolute classic in ` There She Goes ' but this is absolutely atrocious record . Whilst the original was played with a proper feeling and drive this is sung out of tune , poorly performed and really sounds awful . ` Kiss Me ' is an awful record too . My advice , Buy the La 's version but avoid this totally !!
 `` There She Goes '' , and `` Kiss Me '' are terrible songs.They should be played in a restaurant bathroom , not on the radio.DONT BUY THIS S ** T !
 This album stinks ! It 's a great example of bad music ! You like bad music ? Then buy it !
 Too much wa wa pedal and overuse of electric piano / mini moog.The acoustic stuff however shines as much now as it did thenThose are 5 out of 5 . The electric stuff , meh !
 Janet 's second single from her album ALL FOR YOU is the summer time jam `` Someone To Call My Lover '' . Unfortunately , it is a step in the wrong direction for Ms. Jackson . STCML fails in many areas , mainly its inane lyrics over a poorly produced sample of America 's `` Ventura Highway '' . Ca n't people write good songs anymore , without ruining classics by sampling them ? This has to be one of the most pointless songs ever , with the most childish lyrics I have ever heard from Ms. Jackson . Then there 's the So So Def remix , as if the world needed another remix from Jermaine Dupri . Overall one of the more weaker songs from her equally disapointing 2001 album ALL FOR YOU .
 I must say when I heard the entire album , I was over all dissapointed . Unlike Ms. Jackson 's previous recordings , this albuum is full of explict jibberish that ... says nothing . The hold project seems rushed . Janet , dumped the explict stuff ... it makes you appear as if you have nothing left to give and runing of out new material . I know sex sells but you have true beauty inside and out , which is much more marketable and pleasing ... i 'm waiting . However , `` Someone to call my lover '' is cute.Rick Anderson
 When I first heard this song on the radio I thought `` oh , just another singer sampling another song '' . It did not dawn on me that it was Janet Jackson . So when I previewed this song on a listening station you could not imagin my disbelief!This is so not Janet ! I mean it 's one thing to sample a song 's guitar or keyboard riff and use it as apart of her song like she did with Got Til It 's Gone and You Wan This , but it 's quite another - and rather lousy at that - when the sample is the song 's entire backdrop!I remember hearing that Puffy wanted to do Janet Jackson and I thought , `` Oh , no . I do n't want him making Janet to sound like she is singing karaoke ! '' or something like that . Now here Janet go doing it anyway without Puffy.Ok , enough on the ranting , Hex Hector takes this song to the dance floor and makes it bouncy and exciting while only hinting at it 's original elements but the song stands on it 's own music.Jam & Lewis as well as James Dupri make this song into a down-tempo funky one . Again , either one of these remixes would have made a great original version , but the Jam & Lewis version would have been best at that . Hex 's would be to obvious and sound like it belongs as a remix , unless Janet recently took to making dance music like Madonna and Cher did .
 Unless you are a hardcore synthesizer addict , steer clear of this overly processed and soulless album . Tomita is capable of much better , as evidenced in his brilliant adaptation of `` Pictures at an Exhibition . '' This is nothing more than bland background music , or the soundtrack to a really cheesy sci-fi movie . The only redeeming track in the bunch is `` Space Children ... , '' which manages to capture some of the spirit of fun and adventure present in Tomita 's earlier works .
 The rest of the reviews on this page are for Tomita 's Bermuda triangle - yet this is not that album . It is a strange rock album . Amazon needs to sort this issue out - is Tomita 's album available ?
 All the songs on this CD sound so much alike . That is , the saxophone dominates the group . This work comes across as disjointed , not as a cohesive ensemble .
 He is a good trumpet player . but this CD did n't do anything for me . The original songs on the CD were not very good . The standards that played were okay but nothing special .
 This is elevator post-rock . Think of Mogwai with all the suspense taken out . It 's just not fun and it never goes anywhere ... just the same formula again and again
 i was very disappointed with this cd , maybe it 's my own fault , but i thought i was gon na get some african singing I wanted to hear african vocal groups like ladysmith black or whatever that group is . . i wasted my damn money ... and im higly upset .
 Thirty years down the road , I revisted this CD via a -LSB- money -RSB- bargin bin , wondering if my late adolescent judgement of this early electric effort by one of our great acoustic pianists could possibly have been as vapid as I remembered . Answer ? Yes , it is . This CD is well and truly * Lite * as a Feather , the original Jazz-lite , and quite possibly the original source of Smooth Jazz itself -- inoffensive , uninspiring , unmemorable ; in fact , unremarkable in every way . Corea 's electric piano tinkles aimlessly with noisy wah-wah endings , Joe Farrell 's flute sounding like musac from old Creed Taylor recordings , the oft-times amazing Flora Purim sounding strangely subdued ; and , worst of all , you would never know from the low-cal sound that the incomparable master of percussion , Airto Moreira , was even on this album . Maybe its a misprint ? What a waste of talent , he and Corea both . Listening to this CD reminded me of one of the great unanswered questions that vexed my adolescence
 I am continually disappointed in Boy George . He has such potential , yet puts out what is in my opinion , pure crap . The songs on this album are dreadful . The lyrics are embarassingly poor and the music is the same bad glam rock as his last full album -LRB- which should have been scrapped with the out takes this album consists of -RRB- . Boy George has done some brilliant vocals when put in the hands of producers like Faithless and the Pet Shop Boys , and his latest singles `` When Will You Learn '' , and `` Love Is Leaving '' . I was hoping he would release an album in that vein . In my opinion , Boy George should stick with electronics and dance music , and leave the the guitars in his garage .
 This album should be called `` Unrecoverable Career '' seeing 's how -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- he 's had one decent album in his solo career -LRB- Martyr Mantras -RRB- . Not to say he has n't had his moments . There 's always at least one song from each of his efforts that I find amazing . In this case , there is n't any thing `` amazing '' , but pretty good
 I have learned a big lesson through the purchase of this video , some groups will show their fans respect and give them DTS with high quality video . Not the case here . This is simply a VHS version recorded to DVD . Not to brag but I could have done this in my basement and produced better quality . If you do not believe me , purchase this DVD then purchase the The Eagles - Hell Freezes Over . I guarantee you will want you money back .
 Even though the 78-84 era has few videos , there were a lot of mainstays on MTV
 Why is there no dvd out there with the Dreams video -LRB- featuring the Blue Angels -RRB- ? Come on people ! It 's one of the best videos ever done . Somebody wake up and make that video available !
 This was a DVD that came up under a search for the Blue Angels `` Dreams '' video from 1986 and was preported to contain this video . I bought this for my two year old because he loves to watch the Blue Angels jets . It was a big disapointment to see that the video was some other one .
 Yes , Dave only made three , and `` Panama '' is the best . Sammy made great contribution to VH 's success but you just do n't care about him and those video 's , although , O.K.-good video 's . Then there is the last one with Gary Cherrone . All together now - `` WHAT WAS VH THINKING ? ''
 THIS IS ... GOOD FOR FANS WHO LIKE THE POPULAR STUFF , BUT DIE HARD FANS THE ONLY VIDEOS THAT ARE EXCITING ARE HUMANS BEINGS AND THE LIVE DREAMS , NOTHING ELSE IS RARE , THAT YOU HAVENT RECORDED A 1000 'S TIMES OFF MTV . THERS A LOT MISSING INCLUDING THE BLUE ANGELS DREAMS VIDEO AND QUITE A FEW OTHERS -LRB- NOTABLY 111 -RRB- . GEEZ THEY COULD OF PUT ON SOME OLD LIVE VH STUFF , TO BE INTERESTING OR HAVE SOME INTERVIEWS.TIMES LIKE THESE I WISH I WAS A KISS OR BONJOVI FAN , THEY GET MULTIPLE VIDEOS WITH EACH ALBUMS , AND SEEM TO PUT SOME EFFORT INTO THEM . SINCE DAVE LEFT THE ENTERTAINMENT HAS DIED .
 I was disapointed ... I was looking for the `` Dreams Video '' that featured the blue angles . When I did a google search ... they said that this video series had this video .
 I really wanted the Blue Angels version of the Dreams song . This DVD does NOT have it .
 Sammy Hagar ... r u kidding?He never belonged with Van Halen.Quite the disappointment!I 'd take David Lee Roth any day !
 It missing a lot of videos , make no mistake . In the case of the early Roth videos , the clips were so primitive -LRB- I think the three clips from their first album were all filmed the same day , just like AC/DC did for their `` Back In Black '' video and Def Leppard did for their `` High N ' Dry '' clips -RRB- that it does n't really matter if you have them on DVD or not ... go find them on YouTube and watch them in all the clarity you need . But the later clips with Hagar were high-production affairs that got regular MTV airplay and should definitely be here . Like KISS , this band clearly needs to release a proper comprehensive music video collection in the DVD era.Videos not included : Runnin ' with the DevilJamie 's Cryin ` You Really Got MeLoss Of Control -LRB- Oh -RRB- Pretty WomanDreams -LRB- Blue Angels version -RRB- Feels So GoodTop of the WorldAmsterdamFire in the Hole
 Well , I 'll be honest , I was looking for an opportunity to buy the MTV video , `` DREAMS '' with THE BLUE ANGELS footage . Oh my goodness , it 's the best video ever made , this DVD however contains a live jam of the band at some venue instead . What a major dissapointment . I would have the price I did for ONLY the DREAMS - BLUE ANGELS VIDEO `` ALONE '' . But instead I get this.No this would have warranted a `` 1 '' rating , but the Right Now vid , bumps it up 1/2 point and the collection of the rest up another 1/2 point . Heck even the Humans Being vid cuts out all the Twister footage the original video contained.So I 'll stick with the rating of `` 2 '' and shake my head in utter discust at the idiot that put this package together without including THE BLUE ANGELS video footage , what is your problem anyway?I 'll now have to wait until some brilliant entrepreneur at MTV top put some 80 's video package together that will include this AMAZING video of multi-angle plane mounted camera footage .
 If I could have previewed this DVD before I purchased it . I never would have clicked on the `` Buy It Now '' button . . I am a big fan of VH , but was very disappointed . There are 14 tracks on this , the first 3 are David Roth , and the rest are Sammy Hagar . I happen to like Sammy as a solo performer , but I could only stomach a couple of these videos . . pretty much crap , in my humble opinion . . Let The Buyer Beware ...
 what ever happened to ... David Lee Roth?This band would not be if it was n't for him and no matter how many hits Sammy Haggar helped make ... it just does n't make sence to exclude Diamond Dave ! Van Halen 's one of teh few bands in History that has been able to go through two singers and still have huge success.I think I will stick to the bootleg material . At least they offer the early videos that seem to blow away the Sammy era . I think the Greatest hits could have been 50/50 but for obvious reasons it is n't . It si still great to have FINISH WHAT YOU STARTED ... I just hope part 2 does that ...
 This is a poor effort , gees all the live VH stuff they cld have put on , all the van halen 1 videos , a pathetic effort at best
 Only three videos with Dave ? I would have expected all of Dave era videos including the live stuff and -LRB- Oh -RRB- Pretty Woman . That would have left room for a Vol 2 with Hagar -LRB- who really cares about the Gary era -RRB- . I 'm surprised that the boys would have passed an obvious way to make double the cash and please all of the people . I 'll keep looking for an acceptable bootleg .
 I bought this DVD specifically so I could get a legal copy of `` Dreams '' with the Blue Angels . At the time I bought it there were no reviews posted here . The Amazon description only showed that `` Dreams '' was on the DVD . So I bought it . Then instead of that awesome video I get the `` swticheroo '' to some video I have never seen and do n't care about.The other videos are OK but that is not what I was looking for . Still ca n't get a copy of the right version of Dreams ...
 I believed the hype and found this heaven knows how . No , wait , I actually ordered it . Ugh - stupid me . Anyway , imagine my disappointment when upon listening I discovered I had purchased the perfect soundtrack for buying some cute new outfits at The Limited . Coming soon to a mall near you .
 I love Chris Botti -- have lots of his cds . I just bought this one and the drums are very annoying . They are too loud with the same beat over and over . Wish I could edit them out !
 I have to agree with the review by K. Lewis
 I bought this because of all the rave reviews and after playing the DVD it makes me wonder if I got a cheaply done bootleg DVD by mistake . All the songs were spliced together from various shows , and not her best performances by a long shot . It looked as though some of the numbers were taped using held video recorder . Sometimes the picture was out of sync with her voice . I could go on and on but to make a long story short SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 This DVD is a sham , from the get-go ; I am not sure how it was able to be produced and sold , as it comes-off as a pirated issue . The good reviews listed here , obviously are not for this Hudson Street version . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the picture on the cover is a poor copy/scan of a 1979ish picture of Cher ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- it contains song clips from HBO 's 1999 `` Live in Concert '' and Image 's 2003 `` Farewell Tour '' ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the editing is terrible , as the song clips are not arranged in the proper order -LRB- Cher does not change BACK INTO a costume -RRB- and the clips from the 2 concerts are mixed-up ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- before each clip a VERY cheap looking graphic comes-up and gives the song title - they should have just had someone hold up a sign with the song title ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- the box states it was filmed entirely in Las Vegas , but one of the concerts was filmed in Miami ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- the video quality is very poor , and blurry ... almost as if someone held a video camera at their TV and taped it . Please order the originals ... not this scam .
 I thought it was a big disappointment . My mom was even very disappointed and she loves Cher as long as I can remember . The dancers seemed way out of place . They seemed like they were doing their own show , had nothing to do with Cher . I also thought she took way to long to change her clothes , which most were horrible . Then you were stuck watching these dancers . During one changing they had clips of her movies on a big screen which I also found stupid . You go to a concert to hear her music not see clips of her movies . I could go on but I 'll just say I thought it was a terrible show . I give her credit to still go out there at her age , but I think she should hang it up now and go out gracefully . I suggest to all Cher fans to rent this video first and then decide if you really want to buy it .
 An embarrassing recording ... surely Cher did not view this prior to release ? I would recommend that you not make the big mistake I made ... this belongs in the trash bin .
 low budgeted video of concert , and it was all broken up in pieces instead of the show from begining to end . Disappointing .
 This video is a ripoff . It is nothing but clips from the two previous Cher concert videos , the Farewell Tour and the tour prior to that . It eliminates all dialogue from the star , it rearranges the order of the show -LRB- which was similar on both tours with the costumes and scenery changed -RRB- which ruins any degree of continuity or thought process the star and her director applied to the project , and is shorter than either of the other videos . Nothing but a repackage , without being identified as such anywhere on the box or during the DVD . I returned this product .
 I purchased this DVD as I missed Cher 's concert while she visited Ireland and although the quality of the DVD itself is top class in both sound and vision I was somewhat dis-appointed with the show itself . Firstly I felt like I had seen the show before as Cher blatantly steals elements of her concert from Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson therefore if you 've seen these shows you 're left you with no surprises and a sense that little thought was put into it from the woman herself . Certain songs such as from her latest album `` Believe '' are performed very well , in particular `` All or Nothing '' and `` Believe '' but parts of it left me wanting ... I think Cher has some great songs out there but only a few were selected for this tour and the rest are among her weakest . I should have listened to my friends when they told me they were disappointed with it also ! I recommend this DVD only to dedicated , die hard fans .
 It 's a pity that Cher had to turn to the other `` Divas '' to find a suitable performance for todays advanced audience . The show is without a doubt a spectacle but that 's only because she 's rehashed all the elements of past concerts from Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson . What we 're left with is a taste of leftovers from a woman of great potential , now if only she 'd put some of that to the test and injected a large amount of her own imagination instead of relying on what came before . I was entertained but sadly disappointed with the show as Cher 's onstage presence is little over an hour , the rest is spent watching her dancers -LRB- who by the way are excellent -RRB- perform or watching old video clips of Cher from days gone by while she 's off changing costumes . 7 costume changes in a 90 minute show does seem slightly ridiculous as she 's only in some of them for one song ! Saying all that , she can sing live and is a great performer and the picture quality and sound of the DVD are excellent . . but maybe next time she 'll take a step towards originality instead of playing safe and stealing from the best . In the end credits it says show `` conceived by Cher '' ... It should read , show conceived by Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 I love Chris Botti -- have lots of his cds . I just bought this one and the drums are very annoying . They are too loud with the same beat over and over . Wish I could edit them out !
 I have to agree with the review by K. Lewis
 This DVD is a sham , from the get-go ; I am not sure how it was able to be produced and sold , as it comes-off as a pirated issue . The good reviews listed here , obviously are not for this Hudson Street version . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the picture on the cover is a poor copy/scan of a 1979ish picture of Cher ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- it contains song clips from HBO 's 1999 `` Live in Concert '' and Image 's 2003 `` Farewell Tour '' ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the editing is terrible , as the song clips are not arranged in the proper order -LRB- Cher does not change BACK INTO a costume -RRB- and the clips from the 2 concerts are mixed-up ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- before each clip a VERY cheap looking graphic comes-up and gives the song title - they should have just had someone hold up a sign with the song title ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- the box states it was filmed entirely in Las Vegas , but one of the concerts was filmed in Miami ; -LRB- 6 -RRB- the video quality is very poor , and blurry ... almost as if someone held a video camera at their TV and taped it . Please order the originals ... not this scam .
 I bought this because of all the rave reviews and after playing the DVD it makes me wonder if I got a cheaply done bootleg DVD by mistake . All the songs were spliced together from various shows , and not her best performances by a long shot . It looked as though some of the numbers were taped using held video recorder . Sometimes the picture was out of sync with her voice . I could go on and on but to make a long story short SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 This video is a ripoff . It is nothing but clips from the two previous Cher concert videos , the Farewell Tour and the tour prior to that . It eliminates all dialogue from the star , it rearranges the order of the show -LRB- which was similar on both tours with the costumes and scenery changed -RRB- which ruins any degree of continuity or thought process the star and her director applied to the project , and is shorter than either of the other videos . Nothing but a repackage , without being identified as such anywhere on the box or during the DVD . I returned this product .
 I purchased this DVD as I missed Cher 's concert while she visited Ireland and although the quality of the DVD itself is top class in both sound and vision I was somewhat dis-appointed with the show itself . Firstly I felt like I had seen the show before as Cher blatantly steals elements of her concert from Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson therefore if you 've seen these shows you 're left you with no surprises and a sense that little thought was put into it from the woman herself . Certain songs such as from her latest album `` Believe '' are performed very well , in particular `` All or Nothing '' and `` Believe '' but parts of it left me wanting ... I think Cher has some great songs out there but only a few were selected for this tour and the rest are among her weakest . I should have listened to my friends when they told me they were disappointed with it also ! I recommend this DVD only to dedicated , die hard fans .
 It 's a pity that Cher had to turn to the other `` Divas '' to find a suitable performance for todays advanced audience . The show is without a doubt a spectacle but that 's only because she 's rehashed all the elements of past concerts from Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson . What we 're left with is a taste of leftovers from a woman of great potential , now if only she 'd put some of that to the test and injected a large amount of her own imagination instead of relying on what came before . I was entertained but sadly disappointed with the show as Cher 's onstage presence is little over an hour , the rest is spent watching her dancers -LRB- who by the way are excellent -RRB- perform or watching old video clips of Cher from days gone by while she 's off changing costumes . 7 costume changes in a 90 minute show does seem slightly ridiculous as she 's only in some of them for one song ! Saying all that , she can sing live and is a great performer and the picture quality and sound of the DVD are excellent . . but maybe next time she 'll take a step towards originality instead of playing safe and stealing from the best . In the end credits it says show `` conceived by Cher '' ... It should read , show conceived by Madonna , Gloria Estefan and Janet Jackson .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 This concert is fantastic in the sound cat . Only problem is , Cher uses the F. . . word and takes the Lord 's name in vain . If you want that type of entertainment in your home , you may enjoy the concert . I do n't know what Cher was thinking to include such vulgar expressions in an otherwise stellar concert . This DVD was not rated , so you would not know it was in the DVD without this review until you watched it . This is not something I want in my home . Cher should learn from this , vulgarity is crude , rude , and very low class . Disappointed in an otherwise classy lady .
 low budgeted video of concert , and it was all broken up in pieces instead of the show from begining to end . Disappointing .
 I thought it was a big disappointment . My mom was even very disappointed and she loves Cher as long as I can remember . The dancers seemed way out of place . They seemed like they were doing their own show , had nothing to do with Cher . I also thought she took way to long to change her clothes , which most were horrible . Then you were stuck watching these dancers . During one changing they had clips of her movies on a big screen which I also found stupid . You go to a concert to hear her music not see clips of her movies . I could go on but I 'll just say I thought it was a terrible show . I give her credit to still go out there at her age , but I think she should hang it up now and go out gracefully . I suggest to all Cher fans to rent this video first and then decide if you really want to buy it .
 An embarrassing recording ... surely Cher did not view this prior to release ? I would recommend that you not make the big mistake I made ... this belongs in the trash bin .
 He is a good trumpet player . but this CD did n't do anything for me . The original songs on the CD were not very good . The standards that played were okay but nothing special .
 They should have called it `` Forro For The Holiday Inn `` The music on the CD is well played , but suffers from sterile production . It 's way too slick . I prefer my Forro with some guts.Avoid this one.For the real thing , seek out Meus Momentos by Luiz Gonzaga , Jackson Do Pandeiro or Os 3 Do Nordeste , if you can find one of their hits CDs . The Brazil Classics Forro CD is also much better .
 They should have called it `` Forro For The Holiday Inn `` The music on the CD is well played , but suffers from sterile production . It 's way too slick . I prefer my Forro with some guts.Avoid this one.For the real thing , seek out Meus Momentos by Luiz Gonzaga , Jackson Do Pandeiro or Os 3 Do Nordeste , if you can find one of their hits CDs . The Brazil Classics Forro CD is also much better .
 Musical projects based on singing lyrics to jazz standards are not to my taste . Just because they usually do not add a least bit of motivation and artistry to the original instrumentals . Horace Silver is a particular victim of that situation . In other words , I do not know any vocalized effort on his extraordinary work worth listening to except Mark Murphy 's `` That 's how I love the blues '' ... All Blue Note albums by Horace Silver - the great composer , pianist and combo leader - ... I 'd rather have them all . Make your choice .
 I bought Bo-Tata becauze of the albummz wiked name and the ardist 's kool name . Do not b schooled and foold likk I wuz . Bo-Tata should be kalled Bo-KAKA . Get it ! HAHAHA . It was a stuupid CD . The songs alwasys soun the sam . Donot wast ur mony .
 this cd SUCKS . i was really expecting a lot , i love nuclear . sad . nuclear. , but this is just not good at all . their slightly annoying vocalist stayed , and the awesome guitar left . wtf ?
 No matter the title , `` The New Kids '' for the U.S.A. , or `` Striking Back '' for the U.K. and the rest of the world , this is an outstanding very rare and uncutSean S. Cunningham movie on DVD.Letterboxed quality for a 24 years old movie is okaybut where is the bonus material ... ?
 Kiri sings opera would have been a more telling title for those of us who are unfamiliar with Kiri and who enjoy Karl . I am not an opera fan .
 Autopilot ----------------------------------------------- Guero had a great vibe to it , nothing compared to anything else in his catalogue , but it now seems Beck has done everything he is capable of doing right , and this album , believe me , finds him surfing the sine waves of total mediocrity . This , surely , is a sendoff album much like Neil Young 's Landing On Water . Still , this is worse than that for many reasons . Beck has , once and for all , become completely redundant and irreverent to musical art . These songs , besides the obvious couple gems , sound like they were made in ten minutes . Time between LP 's is stretching his capabilities . I think he could have put out a great EP , but come on ! this one was phoned in . And so has much of his career after Mutations . He has mutated alright , right down into the Bobby D phase 1984 . It 's a lot of Beck to ingest with all the B sides and deluxers floating around , and we know this is n't Miles Davis , hardly anyone but Beck is REALLY involved . He has written too many songs , and with a surrealistic style somewhat tested on Sea Change , he does n't have a whole lot of paths to take AT THE MOMENT . Lucky we got Guero out of him , though , part of me thinks this is still just kind of a send off album . I would truly love if he did some type of sequel to One Foot ... . to something more intelligent , cynical and real . Anyway you have it , it is Beck 's time to wait a while , do something worthwhile when the right time presents itself , like NIN , or risk becoming obscure nonsense and primitive stupidity like Weezer . It is not always cool to just shovel all the **** in your closet and then expect people to pay for it . This album is a total torrent monster for a reason ...
 If another artist put out this album I might have liked it more . But since it is Beck -LRB- the expectations being high -RRB- I 'm being generous with two stars . 1000 beats per second is the worst song ever put out by Beck.All the tracks on this album are redundant and they do n't progress . They simply do n't have any movement at all . His songs used to be more unpredictable and evolving . These tracks upset me because I love Beck.My only theory on Beck 's downward spiral is because he became a Scientologist and they sucked out his soul or something . It ca n't be a coincidence that after Sea Change he became a Scientologist . Hopefully his next album is better . He needs to break up with his girlfriend again .
 What made early Beck so compelling was his word pairings `` Misery waits in vague hotels to be evicted '' -LRB- Tropicalia -RRB- ; `` I 've been looking for my shadow but this place is so bright and so clean '' -LRB- O Maria -RRB- . These were not just odd and arresting juxtapositions . They conveyed a sense a beautiful sadness Beck appears to have abandoned . I find this album to be an excercise -LRB- as in tired -RRB- in self-indulgence . Yes , the instrumentation , overlays and influences are interesting , but there 's just no real feeling . Call it what you will , to be it is overlayering at the expense of substance . I 'm not a big fan of Guero , but this album does n't have anything close to the hooks of `` Girl '' or `` e-Pro '' . The more promising hooks appear to be quickly abandoned .
 This album seems to be going everywhere and ending up nowhere . What sounds like rap influences make the surrounding music sound like its falling down a flight of stairs . To me it was disappointing , I do n't mind the direction of the sound , but would listen to David Bowie 's `` Low '' or George Harrison 's `` Wonderwall Music '' first .
 It 's just not . It does n't have the weirdness that Beck fans have come to expect over the years . Buy Odelay , Midnight Vultures , or Guero instead .
 At this point in Becks catalog , he is about half good half bad . This stuff tips the scale even . It seems Beck is no longer able or willing to write a great song . Where he once led he now follows , but thats ok . No artist hits the mark everytime out , and they need room to try new things . I knew from day one this guy would have a long career with many songs in him . I do n't think he 's dried out , but if he is I believe he has a well somewhere that he can dip into . Like Dylan . Sometimes the best thing for a songwriter is to become irrelevant and slip under the radar . As it stands with this release regardless how many drones will buy it , Beck is on his way to obscurity and when he gets there and looks around he may find it suits him fine . Better things to come .
 This review might not be helpful to most people , since Midnight Vultures is my favorite album of Beck 's and a lot of fans seem to think that one was a bizarre aberration . But The Information comes nowhere near that album in terms of songwriting complexity , creativity , and pure catchiness.Remember when Beck used to write catchy , inventive verses ? I do . You wo n't find any on this album , which is mainly monotone or almost stock melody juxtaposed against chorus -LRB- again and again , with little variation -RRB- . Take a song like `` Strange Apparition '' . Then go and listen to `` Nobody 's Fault But My Own . '' Hum their melodies to yourself . `` NFBMO '' is so unique and superbly structured you could almost hang your coat on it . `` SA '' is like a shapeless , formless descending blob of goo.The songwriting just is n't there anymore , and the further he simplifies his songs , the more he begins to sound like any other songwriter out there . Guero was n't great , but at least it had `` Girl , '' which no other contemporary artist could have written . The Information has `` Nausea '' which , while not terrible , could have been thrown together by Jack White on any given day . I 'm really disappointed that Beck 's songs have become so predictable and generic , and it befuddles me that reviews of his last two albums have been so positive . What am I missing here ?
 I suppose if you are a beck junkie than this is a must have but seriously , this album is just another dissapointment from beck along with sea change .
 This was a sorry album that I immediately tuned out .
 This album is different but still what you would expect from Beck . By far the music is good as is par , BUT would somebody please explain to me WHY the DVD that came with it only has 2 channel Digital Dolby and is not 5.1 surround like his prior two albums ? I would feel completely ripped off if I was n't a Beck fan . No wait I do kind of feel ripped off .
 back in the day Beck seemed to be a Musician on a Mission to seek adventure & combine styles which for a while between 1994-1998 worked well . this Album from the Production stand point is good . it 's polished & has all of the trademark Beck runs & vibes which unlike say 6-7 years ago have become fairly predictable . Beck is a versatile Artist , but he has n't really evolved as a Artist . these days John Mayer has taken over the spot & vibe that beck had in the early to late 90 's . problem with Beck is that he is n't really composing any stand out songs . it was always trying to create a Atmosphere & built on that by layering sounds , but he does n't even have that going for him these days.alot of this Album feels pasted together from the past & while it 's cool from the Musical side , it just does n't bring anything together as a whole that is memorable.the title track & Elevator Music are cool , but nothing really moves me after a few listens.Beck is a Artist to me that had something interesting & then never expanded on it & has n't found that Groove again fully . he still has moments , but nothing that leaves a lasting impression .
 Putting the stickers on the cover was a wicked blast . It took me 20 minutes and I was so proud of my project , I scanned it and sent it to my mom.The music is typical Beck , the funky side . No `` Sea Change '' or `` Mutations '' here . It 's perfect background noise , too , for like if you 're scrubbing your floors or working on a paper or smoking up.I gave it 1 star because the DVD that accompanies the package is the single most self-indulgent tripe I have ever seen in my entire life . Beck is capable of so much better and THAT 'S why I feel so put out . and taken advantage of . But it 's ok , everyone 's entitled to a few mistakes and in a career like Beck 's , there have n't been many . I 'll give him a mulligan .
 I 'll have to say , I find it odd that Beck 's getting so much love from the Amazon reviewers about his latest dud , The Information . Some of it sounds alright , but NONE of it sounds fresh or inspired . If it was put out by anyone else , I 'd give it three stars ; but I expect more from Beck.There 's not much to say about this boring , underwhelming platter . It almost seems like it was created by a focus group , cooked up to sound like a Beck CD . But Beck 's longtime fans know that Beck 's CDs never used to sound like Beck CDs -- in other words , he 's become predictable and safe . What a Snoozer.Beck has clearly jumped the shark .
 Libera has finally disappointed me . Their first two CD 's were excellent -LRB- Libera & Luminosa -RRB- . Their third slipped a little -LRB- Free -RRB- . Visions has hit rock bottom . The album title is misleading . There is no vision about the music , or the direction the album has taken . There is about as much life , or excitement in the songs as watching paint dry . With the exception of Wings of a Dove , which is the highlight of the album and a few others -LRB- which I will mention later -RRB- , all the songs are very slow , somber , and reflective without any spark to them . We are the Lost , however , is very sincere and emotional . To show how `` tired '' the album is , they have included at least two songs , Locust Iste -LRB- Sanctus -RRB- and Libera from previous albums . Locust Iste -LRB- Sanctus -RRB- is now making it 's third appearance . They have also included two classics , Prayer , and Abide with Me , whose arrangements fall flat of the orginal . I can find no fault with the boy 's voices , they 're all excellent , but the material is without `` vision '' . As an aside , on the Young Classical Performers website , there is an excellent song called `` Tomorrow Shall be My Dancing Day '' , this is by far the best song Libera has performed . It is an uplifting song with a lot of energy . When will we see it on one of their albums , instead of Sanctus and others which are continually redone .
 I hunger for worship music that brings tears to the eyes . Newsboys , MW Smith , and PhilipsCraig & Dean do this for me . After my daughter 's recommendation and the reviews on this page , I bought this album yesterday 08102004 . I was sadly disappointed . The lyrics are repetitive . The songs that do n't have enough rhythm to merit the use of drums HAVE drums . Pointless . This album drags . I wish I could return used albums . This is the last time I buy any album based on reviews and recommendations . I will ALWAYS listen before I buy . Where is the latest Newsboys album ? I want THAT one .
 Listen to it . The first few seconds of the album as the guitar strums out a bearable hook . The drums kick and the song starts to drive . Then , within the space of a few seconds , it passes , and Jeremy Camp 's pained growl pierces our speakers . At this point , I hit the stop button and offer a prayer of thanks that I did not purchase this album . Once again , it 's time for the service to start , I man my sound board , and turn off the drivel that is known as Contemporary Christian Music.On his debut , Jeremy Camp rambles facelessly through twelve derivative and mediocre post-grunge tracks . `` But wait , '' you cry . `` Jeremy Camp has finally given us an alternative to popular secular music that matches it in quality . '' Indeed , Camp 's album is every bit as bland and soulless as Nickelback , Staind , Three Doors Down and other popular nonsense . Many tracks are virtually indistinguishable from one another , and the few attempts at lighter ballads lack hook and melody.Camp 's lyrics are standard CCM fair . He feigns anger and emotion , but never details his struggles , never asks difficult questions , never gives a non-Christian a reason to listen.Note that I am myself a practicing Christian . I do n't listen to this stuff . I believe that producing mediocre music in name of God is hypocrisy in its worst form . Placing anything but one 's best work before God is not an act of worship , but an act of selfishness . Perhaps Jeremy Camp is using his talents fully . Perhaps he is incapable of making better music . If this is the case , he should not be in the music industry , and his record executives are the hypocrites , willing to sell poor music for profit under the guise of service.I have gained a much greater appreciation of life and thus greater thnkfulness to God for that life from Led Zeppelin , John Coltrane and Paul Simon than from Jeremy Camp , Casting Crowns , Kutless , or other such pastiche . Christians , please stop embarassing yourselves and stop listening to such bad music .
 I am huge fan of Ornette Coleman and own most of his albums . Tone Dialing is an attempt to break away from the acousic sound he used for so long and incorporate hip-hop and amplified instruments . He shoots and misses . His plastic horn is an afterthought behind the electric bass and heavy drums . And the reverb he uses is annoying . Simply , the group is n't nearly as good as his earlier groups . I would recommend The Shape of Jazz to Come , Change of the Century , or At the Golden Circle , anything but this one .
 I bought it a few years ago , played it once and hated it . I played it yesterday and hated it . Want my copy ?
 this cd wasnt really cool . the music itself is kinda slow and the guitar is too loose and slow . the vocals are ok but there is too much soft talkin and not enough singin . you cant really hear the bass . the guitar is played really heavy but not very well . the lyrics arent death or doom or whatever just average . overall not a cd to bang your head about but if you want a good one get system of a down .
 I would have to give Freaks of Nature and Horror Wrestling 2.5 stars . This band seems to have wanted to be some kind of hard rock or metal act but comes out to be something else . I bought these CDs a few years ago and kept them for the few moments I like in the CDs and the fact that these are women . Unfortunately they never put out the better album I was hoping them to and I was left with sad and sleepy music . When I can name a dozen female acts that I really do like why would I have kept something that originally was supposed to rock but actually just ... who knows ? Depressing is one word I would use .
 I bought this CD hoping that this band would be as good as Kittie is , but instead I was let down . The singer sounds like a guy , the songs sound repetitive , and I really wished I had my money back . The only good song was `` Alive '' . If they had more songs on there like that , then it would be a great CD . If you really wan na check out a good girl band , buy Kittie 's CD `` Spit '' . Now there are some REAL Gothic girls with some REAL talent ...
 What happened ? `` Horror Wrestling '' was so good ... but now this?It 's not to say that the album was horrible , but , for the most part , it was same repetitive mid-tempo mush over and over and over again . Gone are the cool dynamic and tempo changes ... and the lyrics , while a little better English-wise , just did n't pack the same punch.Very much a let-down . There 's really only one song I found interesting - `` Enter My Mind . '' Others , such as `` Simon Says , '' either bored or annoyed me.I 'll get their next album , but it had better be an improvement ... which , considering the level of this effort , really is n't saying much .
 south central cartel havent put out quality record since all day everyday .
 i like the song of salif that why i look for one of his like les ambassadeurs international with salif keita
 The first time I heard a Celibidache performance , it was a Sudwestrundfunk performance of the `` New World '' symphony , and it was a really gutsy , exciting event -- which compelled me to purchase this recording of the Beethoven Ninth . Apparently Celibidache , as he aged , became entranced with Zen , or so the pretentious program notes tell us . -LRB- I 'm reminded of those old Lawrence Gilpin reviews of Toscanini ! -RRB- At any rate , this is probably the least exciting performance of this work that I 've ever heard . All the players definitely have chops -- but if it 's Zen that informs this performance , then , by golly , Zen was on quaaludes . Schiller did n't write an `` Ode to being really , really snowed , '' and therefore I take exception to the whole shape of this recording . To be sure , one can debate the merits of Beethoven 's metronome markings , and there have been a number of different approaches to interpreting the tempi of this work ; however , in the final analysis a performance is either exciting or it is n't . There are any number of performance of this work that are exciting -- the two postwar Furtw&auml;ngler recordings , Szell 's , even Ferencsik 's in the bon march&eacute; Laser Light box set.From Haydn through Mozart to Beethoven and Brahms , I would argue that successful performance requires a certain &eacute;lan that transcends conductorial engineering . As I said , I 've heard Celibidache achieve this elsewhere . The performance under discussion , however , ranks in my mind with that of Karajan 's later efforts , which were always more about the conductor 's persona than about Beethoven . The passion just is n't there .
 I 'm not into this eccentric approach of this major work . After having a long tradition of superb recordings of thissymphony by Karajan -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , Fricsay , Furtw&auml;ngler , Abendroth and Bernstein -LRB- DG -RRB- , this Celi bizarre reading could be a bitof shocking to anyone . If you are fond of a weird phrasing and tempi , deliberate rubato and bizarre unbalance , this couldbe your perfect choice .
 mos def & peeps ripped off the hook from nocera 's `` summertime , summertime '' single , and no credit !! shame , but business as usual , i guess ...
 I bought this CD based on the glowing reviews . Unfortunately , I wasted my money and am completely dissapointed . There are so many bad compilations of Brazilian Samba music that it 's sad . Unfortunatley these CD 's come out claiming to be authentic , the real Mccoy , the ultimate collection . Then people buy them , listen to them once , then put them in the bottom of their pile never to be listened to again . It 's a real shame because new listeners are not getting the opportunity to hear the best of what Brazil has to offer . This is that type of CD . While the instrumentation is authentic Samba , that 's as far as it goes . You wonder how some of these singers ever got a hold of a mircophone . They are all constantly singin off key and it happens so much that you litteraly start to cringe . The melodies are also second rate with nothing at all memorable . I am a great admirer of Brazilian Samba and this compilation is not a good representation of authentic Brazilian Samba . If you want the real Mccoy that is worthy of your money and is beautifully sung , check out anything from Beth Carvalho or the compilation , `` Sabma Brasil '' from Verve .
 Ok , I love these releases , and they deserve more than 1 star , but that fact is the SOUND quality is HORRIBLE ! The mastering here does n't sound much better than an 8 track . If you want eh FULL effect from these , spend a little more money and buy the Japanese versions , also available here on Amazon . They did n't release them as a 2 for 1 , they are two seperate entities . The Japanese versions cost more , but they contain original artwork -LRB- covers -RRB- , full lyrics , liner notes and K2 Remastering , the best remastering possible . They will run you about 22.99 a piece , but believe me they are BETTER than this SIR/MOM combo!Mike
 Some of McLaughlin 's ` 90s albums were pretty disappointing , among them a sleep-inducing tribute to Bill Evans and a listless live album featuring the same organ-trio format as this one , so I did not have high hopes for After the Rain . However , a McLaughlin tribute album to John Coltrane is not something I am going to pass by , so I got both the tape for the car -LRB- new -RRB- and the CD for home -LRB- used -RRB- . Through the my first few listens , though , I really hated it , first blaming young organist Joey De Francesco and then shifting my blame to the veteran drummer , Elvin Jones . After many more listens -- do n't ask me why I was so patient -- I find DeFrancesco OK but hardly inspiring , and Jones sounds as though he is just sitting back there flailing around on his cymbals without a clue , while McLaughlin sounds as though he loves this music but ca n't quite figure out how to cut loose in this trio setting , although he is trying hard.But it is interesting music , and I found that in the car , the Dolby button helped to push Jones 's cymbals far enough into the background that they ceased to annoy , and After The Rain rates as a great cassette to cruise by . The CD , however , went back to the used-CD store .
 I have to agree with the reviewer who criticised John 's guitar tone on this CD . The heavily chorused sound is very dated , making one think of Pat Metheny . In both cases the overuse of chorus smothers the electric guitar 's essential tones . Here we have great traditional , straight-ahead organ tones ; great traditional , straight-ahead bass tones ; great traditional , straight-ahead drum tones ; and a guitar tone that simply does n't go with the setting . John could have reached for a tone like early George Benson , Grant Green , Jim Hall , etc , but instead he went for this weak-sounding Pat Metheny tone.To the reviewer who responded to this criticism saying McLaughlin does n't need effects
 I have been an avid follower of John Mclauglin 's method of crafting an art called fusion . Though the Mahavishnu days are over and John 's prior attempts at smooth jazz have been successful , this release is sour and dull . Though John does execute his technical prowess -LRB- ie . `` chops '' -RRB- as always and the band plays beautifully , the tone of his guitar ensures a lackluster mood when listening . The album is somber . I do n't think the pick-up , tone , distortion , or chorus settings on his guitar were changed throughout the entire album . blah-blah-boring-blah .
 Anyone interested in `` The Genius of Bud Powell '' would be far better off with the less expensive Bud Powell `` Complete 1947-1951 Blue Note , Verve & Roost Sessions '' compilation instead . And here 's why :1 . The Blue Note/Verve/Roost compilation contains exactly the same material as `` The Genius of Bud Powell '' with same personnel from the same recording sessions -LRB- solo sessions in 1951 , and trio sessions with Ray Brown & Buddy Rich in 1950 -RRB- .2 . `` The Genius of Bud Powell '' contains only 12 tracks . The Blue Note/Verve/Roost compilation contains 45 tracks .3 . The sound quality on the BN/V/R compilation is surprisingly bright , clean and present -LRB- a 24 bit remastering -RRB- , especially considering the fact that these recordings were made some sixty year ago .4 . The BN/V/R compilation cost me two dollars less than the amazon price for `` The Genius of BP . `` On top of all this , the BN/V/R compilation , a 2-CD Spanish import -LRB- from the Jazz Factory -RRB- , includes all of Bud 's trio and solo studio sessions -- all 34 of his sizzling trio pieces , all eleven of his stunningly beautiful solo pieces -- for Blue Note , Verve and Roost from 1947 to 1951 , including eleven wonderful Powell originals.Of the many trio and solo pieces not included on `` The Genius of Bud Powell , '' there are a number I simply would n't want to do without , especially the Powell originals `` Celia , '' `` Strictly Confidential , '' `` Tempus Fugue-It , '' `` So Sorry Please , '' `` I 'll Keep Loving You , '' `` Bud 's Bubble , '' `` Un Poco Loco '' -LRB- three takes -RRB- , and my personal favorite `` Parisian Thoroughfare '' -LRB- in both solo and trio sessions , though the trio ends abruptly when Bud says , `` Hey , cut it , man . '' -RRB- , not to mention `` Cherokee , '' `` A Night in Tunisia '' -LRB- two takes -RRB- , `` Ornithology '' -LRB- two takes -RRB- , and perhaps the first ever recording of Monk 's `` Off Minor . `` The eleven solo tracks alone -LRB- only eight of which are included on `` The Genius of Bud Powell '' -RRB- would make the BN/V/R complilation worthwhile , but the additional 34 trio tracks make it an obvious choice.One last thing -LRB- especially for those unable to locate the 2-CD set described above -RRB-
 Some of McLaughlin 's ` 90s albums were pretty disappointing , among them a sleep-inducing tribute to Bill Evans and a listless live album featuring the same organ-trio format as this one , so I did not have high hopes for After the Rain . However , a McLaughlin tribute album to John Coltrane is not something I am going to pass by , so I got both the tape for the car -LRB- new -RRB- and the CD for home -LRB- used -RRB- . Through the my first few listens , though , I really hated it , first blaming young organist Joey De Francesco and then shifting my blame to the veteran drummer , Elvin Jones . After many more listens -- do n't ask me why I was so patient -- I find DeFrancesco OK but hardly inspiring , and Jones sounds as though he is just sitting back there flailing around on his cymbals without a clue , while McLaughlin sounds as though he loves this music but ca n't quite figure out how to cut loose in this trio setting , although he is trying hard.But it is interesting music , and I found that in the car , the Dolby button helped to push Jones 's cymbals far enough into the background that they ceased to annoy , and After The Rain rates as a great cassette to cruise by . The CD , however , went back to the used-CD store .
 I have to agree with the reviewer who criticised John 's guitar tone on this CD . The heavily chorused sound is very dated , making one think of Pat Metheny . In both cases the overuse of chorus smothers the electric guitar 's essential tones . Here we have great traditional , straight-ahead organ tones ; great traditional , straight-ahead bass tones ; great traditional , straight-ahead drum tones ; and a guitar tone that simply does n't go with the setting . John could have reached for a tone like early George Benson , Grant Green , Jim Hall , etc , but instead he went for this weak-sounding Pat Metheny tone.To the reviewer who responded to this criticism saying McLaughlin does n't need effects
 I have been an avid follower of John Mclauglin 's method of crafting an art called fusion . Though the Mahavishnu days are over and John 's prior attempts at smooth jazz have been successful , this release is sour and dull . Though John does execute his technical prowess -LRB- ie . `` chops '' -RRB- as always and the band plays beautifully , the tone of his guitar ensures a lackluster mood when listening . The album is somber . I do n't think the pick-up , tone , distortion , or chorus settings on his guitar were changed throughout the entire album . blah-blah-boring-blah .
 I bought this CD based on the glowing reviews . Unfortunately , I wasted my money and am completely dissapointed . There are so many bad compilations of Brazilian Samba music that it 's sad . Unfortunatley these CD 's come out claiming to be authentic , the real Mccoy , the ultimate collection . Then people buy them , listen to them once , then put them in the bottom of their pile never to be listened to again . It 's a real shame because new listeners are not getting the opportunity to hear the best of what Brazil has to offer . This is that type of CD . While the instrumentation is authentic Samba , that 's as far as it goes . You wonder how some of these singers ever got a hold of a mircophone . They are all constantly singin off key and it happens so much that you litteraly start to cringe . The melodies are also second rate with nothing at all memorable . I am a great admirer of Brazilian Samba and this compilation is not a good representation of authentic Brazilian Samba . If you want the real Mccoy that is worthy of your money and is beautifully sung , check out anything from Beth Carvalho or the compilation , `` Sabma Brasil '' from Verve .
 because this is effectively the end of Jessica Simpson as a pop icon -LRB- not that she should have ever been one in the first place ! -RRB- . For all celebrities ' whining about the paparazzi , why would they then turn around and make songs about them like this and Lindsay Lohan 's laughable `` Rumors ? '' The current crop of starlets would have been long forgotten -LRB- as they should have been ! -RRB- if it were n't for the paparazzi.It 's sad to think that someone with true talent such as Debbie Gibson -LRB- who wrote , produced , and performed her own songs -RRB- could n't make it past two -LRB- maybe three -RRB- pop albums yet this airhead continues to be rammed down the public 's throats because she shoves her body in everyones ' faces -LRB- after claiming she 'd never do it -RRB- . All Simpson is good for is sampling and covering songs from the 80 's and breathing heavily into a microphone while having her voice dubbed over 5 or 6 times in the process . Perhaps she 'll do something original one day but I 'll leave that up to her ever shrinking fan base to discover.This is yet another sad example of the beyond sorry state of popular `` music '' today . Save your dough , folks . It 's not worth it . - Donna Di Giacomo
 There have been so many songs that have been sampled this past year . Some of them have delivered like Prince 's Fury , which samples his clasic track 1999 very well , and others have actually been flawed and lack of merit like Beyonce ' and Jay-Z for Deja Vu which sounded similar to Crazy In Love . For Jessica Simpson , she has been not just bad with cover songs like her remake of These Boots Are Made From Walkin ' from The Dukes Of Hazard , she also is bad at sampling songs too . Her single , A Public Affair , her first single after her divorce from Nick Lachey , samples the Madonna classic , Holiday . The songs ' emotion does n't deliver very well . The feeling of the song does n't seem very convincing towards her sound and style . I honestly think she needs to find better material for her next song , because this affair should be private over public.Song
 Jessica Simpson once again returns to the music that was widely praised when boy bands ruled the airwaves . Instead of being music foward she has once again choosen to do the same stuff that sounds just the same only now shes dancing around in a bikini . What happended to the morals she use to present saying she would not want to be a sex symbol like Britney Spears ? Her new CD is bland ; sounding exactly like her old stuff . Save your money and listen to her old stuff .
 What a singer !! What a sound !! It amazes me that someone from the lil ol Elks in Ironton , OH . went from a karaoke singer to the big time !! I was there when it happened , he sung `` My Sister Is As Sexy As My Mom . '' by Buttwipe Cowpatty and it was magic !! I said to him ... I said `` Son , you sure need a band of retards to back your crooning voice up . '' And that 's what he did , got a band of retards known as the Open Door Band . We had many beers that night , Lee and I . We kissed and talked about beating up wives and such and that . That man gives a mean reach around I tell you what . He is going to go # 1 with his next Cd , `` Elks Beer and My Butt . ''
 I ordered two copies of this product and neither would play on either of my cd players . Returning the product was also a hassle . I am not sure that it was ever resolved after all my efforts .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this item . I agree with the review by `` R. Burns '' -LRB- real name ? really ?! -RRB- that the sound quality is choppy and poor . At first I thought it was my fault and something to do with the way I transferred it to iTunes , but no , it sounds just as bad played directly from the CD.I also just noticed the disclaimer that the CD is created `` on demand '' by amazon as needed . I think something is wrong with their master.Since I got this item as part of a Burns night supper package and did n't order it on its own , I 'm not as upset as I might be , but I think I 'll still contact amazon 's customer service and see about a replacement or refund .
 I got this cd and its really bad quality music . Its like someone recorded tape himself and then made it even worse . This really is not worth this money . Its junk
 I was really looking forward to getting this cd to have for Burns Night . However when I played the cd , the songs sounded like they were skipping . I checked the disc and it was not scratched either . I am disappointed in this item .
 I listened to the previews for this album and thought it was just a fluke of the `` preview '' mode . It 's not.The audio quality is very poor and choppy , like most of the songs are created with audio samples from a couple tunes.This is clear if you listen to all the previews , but I went ahead and bought the album anyway . My mistake.If you like `` Amazing Grace , '' it 's actually quite well done here , and if my hypothesis about sampling is true , it may be the one tune that gave rise to the others . Go ahead and spend that 99 cents , but do n't buy the album.I suppose these might be OK as ring tones , but they 're not quality pipe music to bring in the haggis !
 I wish I could say `` Here 's another great Ultronz disc to go with your copy ofThe Ultronz Files '' , but I ca n't . This repetitive collection was all written by a single band member in apparent isolation , rather than drawing from the strengths of the many fine musicians the band has included in its decades-long career.And unfortunately , that one band member probably should n't be allowed near anything with which to write any more like this . The tunes are simple -LRB- this is not a compliment -RRB- , with choruses that almost invariably are the same line played 4 times . Most of the usual Ultronz lineup appears on this disc , but it 's clear that they had little scope to add any complexity -LRB- instrumental , rhythmic , vocal , or verbal -RRB- around the rather basic structures . The topics and lyrics are often trite -- none of the sly humor of Throw My Guitar this time , or even the rapid rhymes of New Construction . I could n't even get through the last 15-minute item , and I wish I had the hour back that I wasted listening to all the rest.Don ' t waste your money on this . Go getThe Ultronz Filesinstead .
 I know people might say I 'm too critical of Julian and not giving himcredit where credit is due . I also will note that Julian is not John in any way . I always believed Julian was much better than he sounds or I should say , makes himself sound anyway . I believe there is John inside Julian somewhere , but we have yet to see that in his lyrics . I do n't think the lyrics are that good honestly , and the sound is more like a 1980 's retro alternative than modern day . I suppose what I 'm disappointed with , is missing the sound that John developed over his life and I wish Julian would transition back to some of that . I also wish Julian would perform more of his father 's music , to grab onto that feeling . Or perhaps I just miss John as most of us do . But I still think Julian can do much better than he has .
 This album may have been great sounding when it was first released but it now sounds very dated . Has n't aged well .
 I , too , thought - Latin pop & Julio Iglesias ' son - how could you go wrong ? This album is a DISASTER ! Other than the title track , it is boring and unimaginative . I made the mistake of playing it on a road trip and it almost bored me to sleep - while I was driving ! VERY lackluster , this child is getting his 15 minutes of fame trading on his father 's name . Buy the single if you must , but pass this album by !
 This CD is so-o-o bad . Enrique Iglesias ca n't sing and the music is overproduced , schmaltzy , and unoriginal . His command of the English language is so limited that when he tries to sing in English , he loses track of the rhythm . His accent in English is laughable . What a waste of money ...
 At first I thought the song Bailamos was ok , I even liked the video from the movie Wild Wild West , but then he made another video and i realized that the song was just a copy of livin ' la vida loca . He could do much better than copy another artist style . The ballads have an incredible feeling . The lyrics ca n't be more romantic , but there is something missing , the voice . Sometimes he sound like somebody is killing him , as if he could n't get the words out because he is shoking . I think the best thing Enrique could do is stick to writing and sell the songs to someone that could really sing them .
 I THOUGHT THE WHOLE CD WOULD HAVE THE RHYTHUM OF BALIAMOS , BUT NO THE REST IS TOO SLOW ... . THIS WAS A LET DOWN FOR ME THERE ARE ONLY TWO OTHER GOOD SONGS ON THIS CD . THIS GUY IS NO RICKY MARTIN BY THIS CD . BUY THE BALIAMOS SINGLE ITS MUCH BETTER VALUE
 This is the worst cd i have ever heard !! it lacks any contentDONT BUY IT !!! Any cd on the shelf would surpass this one .
 Only the song `` Bailamos '' can stand the test of time . If you are non-latino -LRB- like me -RRB- , you can safely switch off the CD after the first song . I am thankful to the manufacturers that the best song is the first one . I do n't even have to forward the CD beyond the first one to listen to the rest of the songs . It might be attributed to my little knowledge of lingua-latino , but I am not sure . I bought this CD when the latino fever was at a feverish pitch . Ricky Martin , I forgive . Enrique , your album is all greek and latin to me .
 Unfortunately Enrique does not have a good singing voice . I 've heard him live , which is a good inticator of singing talent , and he hits alot of wrong notes . He has the name but not the voice .
 Boy Oh Boy ! Enrique , please stop screeching
 I bought the album for the song Bailamos , which is a fast-paced song with a latin rhythm . Unfortunately , most of the other songs on the album are slow , syrupy ballads . I was hoping for more of a mixture of fast and slow songs , and more of the latin sound . Thank goodness for the skip button !
 In music `` crossover '' generally means switching genres . For Enrique -LRB- and some others -RRB- it is changing the language . He sings the same syrupy sickening ballads , in addition to bad vocals he 's demonstrating bad English .
 Well , I do n't really like the way his voice sounds in english . I will wait until he releases another spanish album .
 As an Enrique Iglesias fan , I am disappointed with this album . I will suggets to him
 The English song Bailamos is Enrique 's awful attempt at trying to crossover , but unfortunately , he does not compare to Ricky Martin . His bad accent and vocals makes his English sound HORRIBLE . The rest of this collection consists of 2 new remixes from his last CD , -LRB- which was a major dissapointment -RRB- and some old songs from his first 2 CDs .
 ` BAILAMOS ' - ENRIQUE IGLESIAS1 -RRB- Harry ` Choo Choo ' Romero & Erick Morillo Vocal Mix - 6:292 -RRB- Fernando G. Latin Mix - 5:303 -RRB- Ospina Club Anthem Mix - 6:084 -RRB- Pablo La Rosa Techno Dub - 6:135 -RRB- Mijangos Recylced Dub - 9:236 -RRB- Album Version - 3:381999
 this disc is bland from get go.his voice lacks anything worth listening to.the music is weaker and boring.if you want to get your money 's worth then buy his pop 's music.Julio has some skills.but this is very weak music stay away .
 Bailamos Greatest Hits was released by Iglesias ' first recording label , Fonovisa , after he had left them and signed with Interscope -LRB- who promptly sued Fonovisa for using Iglesias ' first Interscope hit song `` Bailamos '' -RRB- . Despite the title of Greatest Hits the album contains mostly album tracks which were never released as singles -LRB- `` Nunca te Olvidare '' and `` Esperanza '' were both hits for Iglesias but appear here as radicaly altered remixes . -RRB- Despite the album not being endorsed by Iglesias or his management , it sold over a million copies worldwide . The album was released during the period in which Iglesias was recording his English debut abum and it has been speculated that many bought the album mistakenly thinking that it was his first English crossover album . Beware .
 I bought this for the title track , not realizing that the rest of the songs are in Spanish . Be ware .
 I love E.I. , including some his father 's music so when I heard about this CD , I rushed out to buy it . And , to this date , I regret it.The album has a poor mid-to-late eighties sound -LRB- with the exception of the first track -RRB- . The musical instrucments do n't blend well with his crowey voice . Electric guitars do n't help him any either . Therefore , to all the die-hard fans , stay away.This album is a disappointment
 In regards to the last review
 I bought this for the title track , not realizing that the rest of the songs are in Spanish . Be ware .
 For a cross-over album there were n't many English language songs
 Did not live up to expectations , other always seem to bully Hello Kitty , hard for an adult to sit through , drags a bit .
 Contrary to another review , this did not contain the same stories the kids wanted , such as CinderKitty and Snow White kitty . Nor did it contain The Phantom of the Theater , Frankencat , Catula , The Pawed Piper and Rumpeldogskin as indicated in another review . Check carefully if you are looking for a specific Kitty DVD .
 This is a review of a series of Hello Kitty DVDs released by MGM in 2003 : HK Becomes a Princess , HK Saves the Day , HK Tells Fairy Tales , HK Goes to the Movies , andHK Plays Pretend . These five discs have also been bundled together into theDiamond Collection , as well as paired into aPlays Pretend/Saves The Day 2-Pack -LRB- alt url -RRB- . Finally there 's a `` Triple Feature DVD Set '' with the discs for Princess , Saves The Day , and Fairy Tales all in one case -LRB- this might be exclusive to Target -RRB- . Whew ! Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the link so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- For those who do n't already know , contained on this DVD are stories from the 1987 Saturday morning series `` Hello Kitty 's Furry Tale Theater '' . You would n't know that by watching the disc because there are NO SERIES OPENING TITLES and NO SERIES END CREDITS !!! Yes , you read that correctly . They left out one of the most significant parts of a television series . Remember the catchy theme song ? Well , all you 'll have are your memories because that theme wo n't be found here . There 's a credits block on the back of the case that lists the voice actors and major crew , but it does n't list the minor crew members . Pity all of the poor animators whose work on the series now goes uncredited.The series consists of 13 half-hour episodes with 2 stories per episode -LRB- 26 stories total -RRB- . Yet only 25 of the 26 stories appear on these five discs . Keep in mind that 's only 5 stories per each 10.00 disc -LRB- that 's the original price -RRB- . They could have easily fit the entire series onto two dual-layer discs for 20.00 . So not only are you missing a story , and NOT getting the episodes in their original 2-story pairs with the original series opening titles and end credits , but you 're being bilked for what little you DO get!The previous VHS releases in the late 1990s -LRB- Wizard of Paws VHSandKitty & The Beast VHS -RRB- were MUCH better than these five DVDs . Sure they only included four stories each , but they included the series opening titles and end credits , which makes them a vast improvement over these DVDs . I can only hope that someone at MGM wakes up and re-releases this series as a proper `` complete series '' set , but I doubt that that will ever happen .
 the only thing i have to say about this record is that only 4/5songs are worth the band 's debut , which was a really great album .
 I do n't have a copy of this yet either . However I have their first Self titled release . If this is ANYTHING like the first , IT WILL ROCK OUT LOUD !!!!
 Some things are better left untouched . And this is the case with this cd.Being a professional touring musician this reeks with stink . I ca n't believe someone would release this to the public . Not a single track on this cd is worth anything.Next time leave it alone ... The Police are the masters and you people are still in kindergarten .
 Este album de Chayanne es con el que se da a conocer . Manteniendo aun el estilo del grupo de adolescentes del que proviene . Aun no se aprecia la calidad de interpretacion que ahora nos brinda en sus nuevas producciones . Util especialmente para completar la coleccion de Chayanne ------------ This Chayanne 's album is his very firts one . Keeping still the style from the teenagers Music Group where he comes from . We can not still appreciate the vocal quality Chayanne give us in his newest albums . This album is useful to complete our Chayanne collection .
 I am a late commer as a Randy California/Spirit fan . I mainly know Randy 's music from the posthumous albums , and also `` The 12 Dreams '' . I listened to `` 12 Dreams '' a lot when it first came out . I have been listening to it , and three or four Randy California posthumous albums lately . I think I can only recomend `` Spirit od 76 '' for those die-hard Spirit fans who want to know where Randy , and the band was at in 1976 . For me overall the album was meandering , and very dated . There were only a couple bright spots in the 2 disc album . I listened to it twice , and then pitched the album in the trash . I knew I would never listen to it again . Over-all a disappointing experience . To me , only of value to see how Randy , and the band had progressed . I can highly recommend `` Cosmic Smile '' , `` Sea Dreams '' , and even `` Son of America '' . But not this album . - btk
 This is a HORRIBLE CD !!! I tried to listen to it all the way through while doing house work , and even then it was unbearable ! TERRIBLE collection of noise and so called music !!
 My 4 year old loves hello kitty but this dvd is terrible . I absolutely could not believe the name calling in this movie .
 This is a review of a series of Hello Kitty DVDs released by MGM in 2003 : HK Becomes a Princess , HK Saves the Day , HK Tells Fairy Tales , HK Goes to the Movies , andHK Plays Pretend . These five discs have also been bundled together into theDiamond Collection , as well as paired into aPlays Pretend/Saves The Day 2-Pack -LRB- alt url -RRB- . Finally there 's a `` Triple Feature DVD Set '' with the discs for Princess , Saves The Day , and Fairy Tales all in one case -LRB- this might be exclusive to Target -RRB- . Whew ! Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the link so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for.For those who do n't already know , contained on this DVD are stories from the 1987 Saturday morning series `` Hello Kitty 's Furry Tale Theater '' . You would n't know that by watching the disc because there are NO SERIES OPENING TITLES and NO SERIES END CREDITS !!! Yes , you read that correctly . They left out one of the most significant parts of a television series . Remember the catchy theme song ? Well , all you 'll have are your memories because that theme wo n't be found here . There 's a credits block on the back of the case that lists the voice actors and major crew , but it does n't list the minor crew members . Pity all of the poor animators whose work on the series now goes uncredited.The series consists of 13 half-hour episodes with 2 stories per episode -LRB- 26 stories total -RRB- . Yet only 25 of the 26 stories appear on these five discs . Keep in mind that 's only 5 stories per each 10.00 disc -LRB- that 's the original price -RRB- . They could have easily fit the entire series onto two dual-layer discs for 20.00 . So not only are you missing a story , and NOT getting the episodes in their original 2-story pairs with the original series opening titles and end credits , but you 're being bilked for what little you DO get!The previous VHS releases in the late 1990s -LRB- Wizard of Paws VHSandKitty & The Beast VHS -RRB- were MUCH better than these five DVDs . Sure they only included four stories each , but they included the series opening titles and end credits , which makes them a vast improvement over these DVDs . I can only hope that someone at MGM wakes up and re-releases this series as a proper `` complete series '' set , but I doubt that that will ever happen .
 This DVD was given as a gift to our two-and-a-half year old daughter . Our daughter loves the Hello Kitty character and we , too , think it is very cute . But this DVD is definitely not for children under the age of 5 . The stories are quite scary and a child at the age of our daughter can not really distinguish between fiction and reality . The stories are rather for older kids but then the characters are not interesting for this age group anymore . So I think , there is no appropriate age group for this DVD . I can not recommend this DVD to anyone who wants to buy it for kids . In fact , our DVD ended up in the trash .
 This DSD-remastered title has been released twice in the last year , once in a jewel case and now in the mini-sleeve format . The following is a review I wrote when the title first appeared as a jewel-case CD . The DSD-master for the MS-CD version is the same , so everything applies : In front of me are two copies of the `` Boz Scaggs & Band CD '' , both manufactured in Japan . The older is the 2000 re-release -LRB- Sony SRCS 9292 with a red OBI -RRB- that -LRB- a buddy who speaks Japanese says -RRB- credits no remastering , and the newer one , the DSD remaster -LRB- Sony MHCP 502 with a white OBI -RRB- that is listed on this page.I wish to take issue with the DSD version.From an audio perspective , the DSD-CD sounds as if someone completely re-engineered the album . The overall gain of each channel has been max 'd , negatively altering the balance of the mix of the original recording . This is not just a case of additional detail/clarity emerging in the remastering process . For instance , the rhythm guitar appears in the left channel and the lead in the right . Both guitars are now WAY , and I do mean WAAAAAAY , upfront.The '' ... And Band '' title is now a joke , because the horns are far down in the mix , and even Scagg 's vocals are competing with the over-amp 'd guitars and bass.Even the symbols are often distorted , especially when the band is wrapping up an up-tempo number , like `` Runnin ' Blue '' . However , this could be the remastering process revealing flaws in the original recording.There is more definition in the DSD disc . However , that benefit comes with the price of bastardizing the original work . A recording that I have been familiar with for thirty-five years has been dramatically altered . I 'm used to hearing new things sonically emerge in remastered recordings , but this is a cat of an entirely different color.If you 're my age and have heard this album for as long as I have , prepare yourself for the DSD-CD . I have a feeling it is going to be a love-it-or-hate-it thing for many listeners & BS fans . If you prefer to hear the recording as you have always remembered it , you 'd better hurry up and find the older CD before they disappear into private collections .
 In front of me are two copies of the `` Boz Scaggs & Band CD '' , both manufactured in Japan.The older is the 2000 re-release -LRB- Sony SRCS 9292 with a red OBI -RRB- that -LRB- a buddy who speaks Japanese says -RRB- credits no remastering , and the newer one , the DSD remaster -LRB- Sony MHCP 502 with a white OBI -RRB- that is listed on this page.I wish to take issue with the DSD version.From an audio perspective , the DSD-CD sounds as if someone completely re-engineered the album . The overall gain of each channel has been max 'd , negatively altering the balance of the mix of the original recording.This is not just a case of additional detail/clarity emerging in the remastering process . For instance , the rhythm guitar appears in the left channel and the lead in the right . Both guitars are now WAY , and I do mean WAAAAAAY , upfront.The '' ... And Band '' title is now a joke , because the horns are far down in the mix , and even Scagg 's vocals are competing with the over-amp 'd guitars and bass.Even the cymbols are often distorted , especially when the band is wrapping up an up-tempo number , like `` Runnin ' Blue '' . However , this could be the remastering process revealing flaws in the original recording.There is more definition in the DSD disc . However , that benefit comes with the price of bastardizing the original work.A recording that I have been familiar with for thirty-five years has been dramatically altered . I 'm used to hearing new things sonically emerge in remastered recordings , but this is a cat of an entirely different color.If you 're my age and have heard this album for as long as I have , prepare yourself for the DSD-CD . I have a feeling it is going to be a love-it-or-hate-it thing for many listeners & BS fans.If you prefer to hear the recording as you have always remembered it , you 'd better hurry up and find the older CD before they disappear into private collections completely forever .
 To be honest , I only bought this recording to hear more of obscure organist Jymm Joachim Young who was so outstanding on Steve Miller 's song Fly Like An Eagle . On Boz Scaggs Band his -LRB- and everyone else 's -RRB- talent is wasted . None of these songs are memorable -LRB- and I 've listened to this CD about ten times -RRB- . So called standout tracks like Monkey Time and Runnin ' Blue have great titles but are ultimately forgettable.Perhaps this would be a good keepsake for those who saw Boz Scaggs in the late sixties or early seventies . For the rest of us , the question comes to mind
 o man this cd sucks too bad . first off crossbone is the worst rapper in the world . if i was the departed inmate i would just go solo . stay as far away from this cd and this rap `` group ''
 Music was terrible - gave the cd away . The cd was nothing like the traditional music I grew up with . The music could have been from another region .
 I thought this would be a series of compositions that conjured up images of the Amazon . Instead , it 's a series of trite , redundant , and very uninspiring notes that might was well be about a water well . Very disappointing CD . And , I like Glass and defend his work to friends . Not this time !
 crap , the album is crap ... not worth buying . maybe listen to once or twice but for us hardcore pantera fans -LRB- u know , the ones who were around when the album 1st came out -RRB- this album is just phil 's way of getting more money .
 It 's tragic that a group like this became as highly popular and successful as it did , considering that Kiss was a band that really could do nothing , musically speaking . Their live `` act '' - or whatever it was-was something that belonged in a circus or perhaps in a Las Vegas hotel , rather than in the real musical world . In fact , I remember some kids in school who were huge fans of this abomination , and they all seemed to be in true need of psychological help . And to hear Gene Simmons , who sounds more like a Jewish accountant than a musician , which he barely is to begin with , go on the Howard Stern show and take credit for virtually everything and anything in music makes he and his band all the more absurd . He even claimed that Kiss were better than the Who live . Excuse me ? In fact , I would n't have been surprised to hear him claim that Kiss invented the Who . And he should keep the makeup on all the time-he looks better with it on than without it .
 Heavy metal to disco to hair metal ! Thats commerical ! Commerical , means not music with expressions but music that people that buy what ever they hear on a pop radio . Meanless pop may live but to be mock by better music !
 Thank god for seatle bands they rok . They r so much more electric on stage thier lyrics hit home , AND HAVE MEANING.unlike kiss 's sex fantasie lyrics .
 What 's with the hype about KISS ? They 're not that great of a band . They 're just a bunch of makeup wearing queers with mediocre skills . I do n't even know why these clowns are considered rock legends . There are much better bands out there from their era , such as , AC/DC and Aerosmith . AC/DC and Aerosmith were great bands who did n't wear craploads of makeup . Get your heads out of your asses and stop listening to KISS .
 kiss sucks
 what have they done that was so good . . oh they had that one song `` rock and roll all night or whatever '' but it 's only a half descent song . the only way they could get people to listen to their music was by painting their faces , and they do n't deserve to be in the rock and roll hall of fame ... only bands with actual talent belong ... led zeppelin , pink floyd , ac/dc ... theres just lots of better bands out there .
 Yet another platter chock full of the usual ancient party anthems . Since these tired old warhorses insist on throwing these same old songs in the public 's face , it 's high time they get a brutally honest appraisal stripped of nostalgic haze.Kiss was a band that could n't funk like Aerosmith , could n't muster the pop smarts of Cheap Trick and could n't crunch with the authority of AC/DC . The band was a one-trick pony -- whose trick was thudding , unimaginative at that -- and this collection proves it.Without the grease paint , fire and blood to hide their musical deficiencies , the only songs here that stand on their own are `` Rock 'n' Roll All Night , '' `` Shout it Out Loud '' -LRB- key to the sound of the '80s hair bands -RRB- and a few more . The fact that the band ca n't come up with anything new only demonstrates their limitations .
 If you have been orbiting the earth for 30 years and have finally made it back to the planet and did n't know a thing about what 's happened in the last 30 years of music then you might want this as an intro to KISS.Fortunatley most of us have n't ... we 've already heard these tunes and have paid for them a bunch of times over on various KISS CDs.I dont like the cover ! I think they did this same cover idea on DYNASTY . I liked that picture better.This cd is oozing greed out of every digital pore !
 Yet another greatest hits package . It looks like Kiss are trying to set a record for number of times they can re-sell the same songs . The first 17 of 21 tracks date from before 1980 ! That should tell you something . If you really want `` the very best of KISS '' , buy Alive . If that 's not enough , get Alive II , or possibly Destroyer . Their live stuff is better than their studio stuff anyway . If you want a greatest studio package , get Double Platinum , it covers much of the same material but at least it 's remixed a bit .
 I 'm sorry KISS fans , I ca n't take no more . Yes I am a KISS soldier in the KISS Army . In fact I have probably been promoted to Lieutenant General by now . But enough is enough already!Can you believe the promotional sticker on this album says ` Featuring Rock n Roll all Nite as heard on That 70 's Show ' ? Run that by me again ? Is there no end to this ? Hey I love that song as much as the next KISS fan , but how many times do you have to purchase that song ? Let 's see ... 1 . Dressed to Kill2 . Alive ! 3 . Double Platinum4 . Killers5 . Smashes , Thrashes , and Hits6 . The Kiss Box Set7 . 20th Century Remasters8 . ALIVE III9 . ALIVE IV10 . The Very Best of KISS11 . KISS Greatest HitsI 'm sure I missed one or two , but I 've made my point . If you 're a KISS fan , why bother buying this ? No doubt in your CD collection you probably have every one of these songs at least three times over .
 It 's downright sad to see Stanley & Simmons keepin on milking the cash cow like this . Instead of offering the fans something exciting , the umpteenth compilation of studio material sees release . Since `` greatest KISS '' and the `` box set '' came out in recent years , all containing remastered studio material , there 's simply no point in buying this . If you 're a fan you already have all of these songs like , 10 times , if you 're new to the band check out Alive I , II and III . This provides you with a much wider and more varied selection of the band 's music throughout the years to begin with , and the live versions of the songs are nearly always the better and more energetic ones . If you prefer studio material , consider the box set , or the 1978 `` Double Platinum '' compilation combined with a few later albums like , depending on your taste in music , the heavier albums Creatures Of The Night -LRB- ' 82 -RRB- , Animalize -LRB- ' 84 -RRB- , Revenge -LRB- ' 92 -RRB- . If you like a more poppy sound , check out `` Dynasty '' -LRB- ' 79 -RRB- , `` Unmasked '' -LRB- ' 80 -RRB- and `` Crazy Nights '' -LRB- ' 87 -RRB- as well . Lastly , I also wholeheartedly recommend Ace Frehley 's 1978 solo album . It 's a trip . If you do n't know KISS 's music , go listen to some of this stuff , but just do n't buy this `` Very Best Of '' - compilation .
 That 's right , a minimum of stars until the band or the record company -LRB- whichever one is truly responsible -RRB- stops releasing completely redundant compilations.Yes , the track listing is representitive of the band 's career . Yes , there are younger fans who do n't know what to buy.Yes , Gene 's house needs an additional wing for all the memorabilia.No , most of us were not born yesterday.Check out `` Double Platinum '' , `` Smashes , Thrashes And Hits '' , `` Greatest KISS '' , `` The Originals '' ... need I say more ?
 Kiss have more compliation albums than I have had hot dinners . This is just a rehash of other compliation albums . Nothing new here . Double Platinum is far better
 I did n't really get the whole KISS thing the first time around , even though I happened to be smack dab in the middle of their target audience . So I bought this thinking maybe I was being too much of a musical snob back then.I was n't . With a few notable exceptions like `` Beth '' and `` Rock & Roll All Nite '' , these songs could 've easily been taken from the soundtracks to great R-rated classics like Hollywood Hot Tubs or Hot Dog.Thin Lizzy , Grand Funk , Bad Company , even Ted Nugent or Bachman Turner Overweight still seem to have more to offer if you 're looking for a way to musically relive the 1970s . But man , they still look really cool .
 Este grandes &eacute;xitos tiene el problema del bloque del grupo , por lo que se han dedicado ha introducir canciones de la &eacute;poca en la formaban los cuatro componentes originales , como consecuencia se han sobrepasado con los discos `` Kiss '' , `` Hotter than hell '' , `` Love gun '' y `` Rock 'n roll over '' . Si dijeras que los cinco discos olvidados no contenian ninguna obra a resaltar ser&iacute;a comprensible la actitud del recopilatoria , pero se han dejado atras de forma imperdonable , la mejor balada del grupo y una de las mejores de todos los tiempos `` Reason to live '' . Si se continua por ese camino , uno se pone las botas
 Kiss have a split personality . On the one hand , they have garish , theatrical makeup , lots of fire , and names like Demon and ... Catboy or something . But when they start playing , you expect a noise similar to KMFDM or Alice Cooper ... not Def Leppard.How , and dear god why , have Kiss been going on so long ? Their music is n't remotely original , even if thier stage antics are , and not nearly rocky enough to make them the Kings of Rock or whatever the hell they have a reputation for . I think rock and I think the Stones , I think classic Metallica , I think Led Zeppelin .
 A group of old geezers prancing around onstage wearing makeup and silly costumes and lip-syncing to carefully synchronized pop music ... is this a Backstreet Boys 30 year reunion tour ? No , its Kiss ! How many `` greatest hits '' albums do you possibly need ?!? The same old recycled garbage that was never that good to begin with . Thank god for Nirvana , Pearl Jam , Soundgarden and the Seattle Sound for blowing all this hair-metal pop straight out of the water . File Kiss under `` Washed-up Has-beens '' .
 i have been a kiss fan form 1978 to now and forever . i have double platinum , killers with four new tracks , bought smashes , thrashes , and hits withthe idea of 70s classics along with new 80s tracks.plus they gave us three new songs , well two and re = recorded beth with eric carr singing.then in the 90s came you wanted the best , you 've got the best.alive and alive 2 with outtake live versions of take me and room service.then the interview with jay leno.then came greatest kiss.with the band back in make-up they try and cash in off the old albums.only thing that it has then the other greatest hits is two sides of the coin.if you have all the albums i have just listed.then comes the vary best of kiss.same as the rest but the songs is in not the same order.this has tracks that ace and peter did not do as members of kiss.how many more times must we buy strutter , detroit rock city , and beth.i have only one thought.if a album with two sides of the coin on it is greatest kiss.then gene simmons thinks a album that has god gave rock and roll to you makes it the vary best of kiss.go figure.dont ask about 20th century remaster album out now.dont get me wrong i love kiss.the box set that is out is great.alive 4 is a great re = view , but gene , and paul please no album any time soon called all our best .
 What is it with Kiss and greatest hits packages ? Do n't Gene and Paul have enough money already ? Or is it that they do n't have enough talent anymore to write any new , decent songs?If you are any kind of Kiss fan then you already have all of these songs on 10 other best of CDs . If you are not a Kiss fan , and do n't have any of these songs then where in the hell have you been hiding ? Please guys . Enough with these greatest hits releases ! Put out some new , good material or go straight to the retirement home !
 I 've been faithful with KISS for years now , and I 've fought for their respect on the Elder album , and I 'm watching history repeat itself with the constant change of who plays on stage . But one thing KISS needs to do is stop putting out these `` Best Of '' albums . This album should have been Alive IV ... I agree with other reviews saying their song choices are the same ones that appear on the other compiliation albums . What the fans want is new material or the Famed Alive IV . I for one did not buy the album because I own all these songs already . What this album needed for me to buy it is actual bonus content . The `` That 70 's Show '' Rock and Roll all nite , is just the Alive ! version of it . Which is old and no longer `` Special '' or `` Bonus '' ... This album is for those who have not followed KISS strongly enough to buy their albums , though like a few songs off this disc . But who cares about them , if you are in this Army , you should be a little bit more then upset with our `` Superior Generals '' ...
 For Gene Simmon 's probably numerous illegitimate children . Do n't buy it , buy Alive I and II and you have the `` best of the best '' ! -LRB- The very best of KI$ $ -RRB-
 Kiss have completly sold out in my book ! Why are they releasing so many greatest hits albums ? and not one of them has actually contained the songs that really are there greatest hits ! This one lacks `` heavens on fire '' and `` domino `` IMO these guys re-united to make more money , theres going to be as many greatest hits coming out every year as there are `` reunion tours '' ... dont be fooled for there money making scams , there not retired , and they learnt that that last album Cycho Circus went down the toilet as fast as possible ... so there just going to keep recycling the same greatest hits all the time ??? maybe they should try a double disc ? maybe 3 ? a box set ? somthing other then 500000 albums with the same songs on it ? calling it a new name , does not mean people will be fooled into thinking its a new album or the first time youve released a GH ! dont bother with this one , there will be another greatest hits come out next year , that one might be better then the past 10000 !
 The recording industry is a mess and this is a by-product of a disaster . First I must say KISS is not alone hawking a greatest hits package these days . The `` Essential '' series is selling big numbers and Gene Simmons wants his piece of the Greatest Hits windfall of cash . With the normal shelf life of a CD growing smaller than Anna Nicole Smiths IQ , veteran bands are more comfortable milking their back catalogs than producing new material . Having said that , the Very Best of Kiss is a passable effort . For starters , I 'm a little uneasy with the cover photo depicting the original line-up . Some of the material here is from the second and third incarnations of the band . A cover with their infamous logo would have been a better choice . The music is what it is . Nothing here is too complicated and it never was meant to be taken seriously . If three chords and a cloud of dry ice is your idea of a good time , you are standing in the lobby of the band that invented the genre of cold beer , large breasted women and mindless drivel rock and roll . That 's not to say it has n't been a profitable ride for Gene Simmons who is a walking ATM machine thanks to the marketing designs of KISS . This CD will bring back memories for fans that were teens in the 70 's . New fans will undoubtedly have to choose between this and the DVD of backyard wrestling high jinx .
 THINK ... . ROCK AND ROLL ALL NITE HAS NOW MADE IT ON TO 10 DIFFERENT ALBUMS . IS IT REALLY THAT GOOD OF A SONG ? THE BAND MUST HAVE A CONTRACT TO FILL , BECAUSE THIS NOW GIVES THEM A TOTAL OF 10 GREATEST HITS/LIVE ALBUMS . TWO WORDS ; NEW MATERIAL.TWO MORE WORDS ; ACE FREHLEY . AT LEAST GENE AND PAUL WERE SMART ENOUGH TO PUT PETER AND ACE ON THE COVER , OR IS THAT ERIC SINGER AND TOMMY THAYER ? . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND FIND A REAL GREATEST HITS , SUCH AS ; KILLERS , DOUBLE PLATINUM , SMASHES THARASHES & HITS , UNPLUGGED , GREATEST KISS , KISS ALIVE I-IV , OR THAT SILLY BOX SET . GET THE IDEA !!!!!!!!!!
 The first five tracks are studio cuts , which were never very good . If you want those five songs , buy Alive . Then there 's a handful of good songs featuring the original band , including songs from Destroyer and Rock and Roll Over . But those songs are n't necessary because you should just buy those albums instead . I mean , what record collection is complete without Destroyer?Then things get a little weird -- but in a good way . The song from Ace 's solo album is unlike any other Kiss song . It 's good , but different . So is I Was Made for Loving You , Kiss ' best -LRB- but not only -RRB- disco song . By the end of the CD , you get to hear the band tread water , playing songs written by Michael Bolton -LRB- Forever -RRB- and some form of public response to all those loony parents claiming the band was really called Knights in Satan 's Service -LRB- God Made Rock and Roll for You -RRB- . Instead of this , just buy Destroyer , Alive , Rock and Roll Over , Ace 's solo album , and maybe Alive II . That 's all you need .
 I was a big Kiss fan as a teenager and had the ALIVE in vinyl . With the title , `` BEST '' I was expecting some of the golden oldies and instead was tortured with some very poor studio recordings that sounded so mechanical I had to take the CD out of the player after a few songs and almost gave it a fling ! There is no passion in this music at all and it sounds like a bunch of robot musicians going through the songbook . Very poor . There might be some better tracks later on but I could n't take the punishment to get there . Very dissapointed !
 First of all , i LOVE this CD . I LOVE Kiss . I mean all of the songs on here simply RULE ! But why ONE star ? Because of the marketing ... Gene Simmons . No longer is he the demonic and charismatic i once looked up too , now he is just a greedy double chinned loser . Ace Frehley is an example of a musician with a heart . That dude man , he wails on his guitar because he LIKES to . He does what he loves , and thats music . I am getting the feeling that Gene Simmons does what he loves , money . He doesnt do it for the fans or `` by to people for the people '' . this CD was all intentional a corprate CD , sold ONLY for money , and had nothing to do with them having a good time in the studio doing what they love . KISS is a great band , i own every CD - they are my FAVORITE . all the memebers are swell guys , except gene . Man why cant an old school rock and roll fan get some decent deals around here ? ...
 This album is simply a cash grab . Buying it would be like donating money to kiss or throwing your money in the sewer ; take your pick ?
 How much money will it take before Gene and Paul are satisfied ? `` Greatest Kiss '' , `` You Wanted The Best , You Got The Best '' , `` Double Platinum '' , `` Alive 1,2,3 ... '' , `` Double Platimum '' , the box set . Maybe you need this album if you 've never heard Kiss before -LRB- yes , you 100 year old Australian Aborigine , I 'm talking to you -RRB- but most everybody else should have had enough of the `` best of '' by now to last for the rest of their lives . This album ? I 'm skipping it and I think you should to . Of course , that 's just my opinion , I could be wrong .
 I 'm a huge KISS fan but I doubt that I will buy this album . There is no need to buy it , which I know has n't stopped me before . But you get to a certain age and realize that there are certain things that just are n't worth the money . I work hard for my money and I would rather spend -LSB- money amount -RSB- on a Kiss action figure than on a album that has no new material -LRB- Not even a remix or anything -RRB- . I can make this cd myself from my Kiss catalog that I already own . Plus there are many overlooked songs left off this cd . Here 's the track listing
 Really , this has gotten out of control . I am an avid KISS fan but I am still digusted by the way this band just -LRB- draws -RRB- money from it 's fans . Sure , they chalk it up to being something that only the record company controls -LRB- releasing this album -RRB- . However , nothing keeps the band from cashing the royalty checks.KISS fans - stay away from this one unless you really need yet another reason to have all the same songs under a new package.If you do not own any KISS albums - you could start with this one . However , Double Platinum or Greatest KISS would be just fine too .
 If you 're a die hard Kiss fan , you probably already have all these songs , so do n't bother with the CD . If you 're not , do n't bother with this CD . It 's full of rather unimaginative , derivative 70 's rock , absent the spectacle of their stage performances . If you like Kiss & do n't have many of their CDs , then get this one ... it 'll do until you can afford the others.Personally , I 'd go for concert footage in surround sound , or even music videos . This CD experience was flat , a disappointment . Perhaps I 've just grown up too much since the 70 's and need to trip back to my youth . Even so , for this genre , I 'd prefer Def Leppard -- more verve , more creativity , more driving power . More interesting.But choose your own poison ... how you want to blow your hearing is none of my business . This CD just does n't rate high enough for me to risk tinnitus for it !
 C'mon and KISS MY ASS !!! -LRB- If there 's no other way to finally open your eyes -RRB- Money , money , money - this is n't for the fans ! How naive do people get ?
 Good God , Kiss has more `` best of '' albums than studio ones ! What Kiss fan on earth would have any need to buy this CD ? They released a massive box set just a few years ago , for crying out loud . I 'm a Kiss fan , it 'd be great to own every Kiss album for the sake of having the complete catalouge , but I mean come on already . They 're not just beating the dead horse now , they 're holding it by the hind legs and thrashing the carcass back and forth into a pulp . If you want to milk the last of the diehards a little more at least throw them something they do n't already have , if there 's even a scrap remaining , that is .
 Go to the Studio once in a while for Pete 's sake . Did I see someone say `` good girl gone bad '' should be on a compilation ? That song should even be played again let alone re-released .
 Have loved KISS since 1978 . Am over yet another Greatest Hits package . Just how many albums have Rock and Roll All Nite on them ??
 Mariachi Vargas de Tecalitlan is the most important group in the history of the genre . Their recordings from the 1940 's through the ' 60 's , both alone and in support of great Ranchera stars , are treasures of Mexican music history . While the ensemble remains one of the best for theater performances , this recording does n't feature a single * real * mariachi piece , nor any compositions in authentic regional * son * style . It 's pretty , but it 's not real mariachi music . If you would prefer something with more roots sensibilities , buy older Vargas CDs , or anything by Mariachi Cobre .
 No matter the title , `` The New Kids '' for the U.S.A. , or `` Striking Back '' for the U.K. and the rest of the world , this is an outstanding very rare and uncutSean S. Cunningham movie on DVD.Letterboxed quality for a 24 years old movie is okaybut where is the bonus material ... ?
 They claim this was remastered . If it was remastered , it was not from the original recordings . It carries the same flaw that has plagued every cd release of this album . Approximately 1.5 minutes into All Along The Watchtower , Andy sings , `` All Along . . Oohh '' , and in the word `` Along '' , it sounds as if someone bumped into the reel . This flaw does not exist on my Original 1978 vinyl release on Virgin International . If you do not own this album on cd , then buy it . If you own it on cd , do n't bother .
 Punk , like all great rock music , was a rebellion , in this case against the excesses of the late '60s and early '70s . BUt somewhere along the way , it was unavoidable that bands would come along that loved the energy and honesty of punk and the very material they were rebelling against -- in the case of XTC , the lush pop and psychedelia of the late '60s . But these influences were far receeded on their debut album , `` White Music '' is firmly lodged in the sounds of punk and new wave and is , more than anything else , an album of energy music.The net result of this is that hte album is inevitably at odds with the strenghts of the band -- songwriters Andy Partridge and Colin Moulding would come later to excel at lush , detailed arrangement full of unerring pop hooks , textures and harmonies , but here , it 's all very stripped back , ska and punk influenced pop . Moulding 's trademark slithering bass is n't quite in place yet , though he 's already starting to find holes to fit himself in , he primarily forms a solid lockstep with drummer Terry Chambers . Partridge 's guitar , for his part , limits largely to angular punk and ska trends -- loud and aggressive , pushing the music along from the front , which leads Barry Andrews ' buzzing organ sound to be largely the soloing voice in the band . But with all this , the real weakness was singing voices too used to poor microphones of cheap clubs -- Partridge and Moulding both use an unnatural , clipped vocal style that seems more concerned with trying to annunciate than anything else , to the detrimant of the band 's sound.With all of this creating an unnatural tension on the album , it still manages to hit pretty frequently , helped no doubt by the fact that Partridge 's songwriting was already top notch . Standout `` Statue of Liberty '' best illustrates this -- hints of ska , gentle organ textures , and a funky bassline over which Partridge 's clever story of unrequited love can be read out . Nearly as notable are punky opener `` Radios in Motion '' -LRB- full of crackling punk energy -RRB- , the loose-yet-detailed arrangement of early single `` This is Pop ? '' -LRB- featuring the closest Partridge would ever come to snarling punk rebellion , even if it is laden with great pop hooks -RRB- , and new wave gem `` Atom Age '' , with just enough of a hint of Brian Wilson to pull it above the rest.On the other hand , there 's a lot of largely forgettable material -- Moulding 's songwriting feels like it 's not quite ready -LRB- `` Set Myself on Fire '' -RRB- and his vocal is even more painfully forced than Partridge 's -LRB- `` Cross Wires '' -RRB- , and even Partridge has a couple duds -LRB- `` Spinning Top '' -RRB- . Add to this an ill-conceived ska take on `` All Along the Watchtower '' that makes Partridge sound like a bad Hendrix imitator and you end up with a pretty mixed package.The reissue adds quite a bit to the original -- remastered sound that has the net effect of making the record sound a bit more dated than it probably would at least provides clarity to the music and there 's seven bonus tracks -- early singles and the `` 3D EP '' . Most of this stuff is largely forgettable -LRB- Moulding 's `` Heatwave '' , Partridge 's `` Dance Band '' and `` Traffic Light Rock '' -RRB- , but early single `` Science Friction '' and its b-side `` She 's So Square '' are pulsing full of nervous tension and energy and make a decent listen.XTC would find enormous heights in the following decade , and I ca n't help but color my reviews of their early material based on the heights they 'd eventually reach . I have a sneaking suspicion that had I not heard what they 'd be capable of in the future , I 'd be inclined to give this a much higher rating , but compared to their later work , `` White Music '' sounds positively amateurish . It 's got its moments , but they 'd go on to do a lot better .
 That 's actually more of a 2.5 than a 2 , but compared to XTC 's later work , or even their next album , it 's really mediocre . `` Statue Of Liberty '' and `` Radios In Motion '' are excellent songs , as are `` Science Friction '' and `` She 's So Square , '' both included as bonus tracks , but there is n't much else to grab hold on here . Most of it 's just generic quirk-pop -LRB- especially Colin Moulding 's songs -RRB- and there 's an endless , almost melodiless cover of `` All Along The Watchtower '' included as well . I 'm not gon na say `` But it 's better than 90 % of recordings today ! '' like all other fans because it 's not . But the band got better really , REALLY quickly after this one -- they just had n't pulled themselves together yet .
 I have to throw my vote in behind the `` obsessive reviewer '' , whose criticisms of this album are spot-on . Sal Mosca , despite a legend burnished by reclusiveness , could n't touch the hem of Lennie Tristano 's robes , never once achieving the almost levitating quality that Tristano always did when soloing on this material . There 's none of the exhilarating uplift . Indeed , this only gets an extra star for Konitz , whose probity is undiminished . But he 's pulling all the weight here , and it 's heavy work .
 Seductively beautiful music for autists & vegetables . Her vocals are stellar , but the music itself is SOOOO boring . What a shame ! She desperately needs to expand her circle of musician friends . A more imaginative aural palette would far better suit her oh-so-alluring voice .
 I have n't kept up with current music events like I used to in my college days , -LRB- 10yrs ago -RRB- . In fact I just found out Mazzy Star broke up a few months ago . I was happy to see hope was still recording so I was optimistic with this album . Sorry but it is just not the same . Hope still sounds good but the music is way to drab even for Hopes ' style . This album is n't bad but it sent me running to my Mazzy CDs . Hope without Mazzy is like Harold Melvin without the Bluenotes , or like just one member of EnVogue . Again it 's ok but the bar was set too high for this one to fly . Still love you thought Hope .
 I had high expectations for this release , yet was disappointed in the live recordings for two reasons : The removal of the crowd noise left a glaring hole in the recording and the choice to fade in and out for each track.Any live recording should hope to capture the excitement of actually being at the concert , and this recording fails to do that . It gives the listener the feeling that we 're only getting a portion of the performance.The new tracks are enjoyable , but not enough to carry the entire album . Hollywood Records would have been better to remaster the original , or give us an entire live performance from beginning to end .
 This cd is disappointment . I love Morris Day but the cd needed so much more . Like new songs for one thing . All of the songs his fans have . I expected to get like most more then two new songs . Morris has it in him to put cds with all new songs . I like the classics do n't get me wrong but as an artist he has to grow and do new things .
 first of all i love morris day and the time , But this is all but live.it sounds like a bad and i do mean bad studio cd , it faes in and out like a cd theres no live feel at all the songs are too short.its just not what a live cd should sound like from such a good group ... so please beware and dont buy ... sorry ... super D
 Well 1st thang is It 's a good thang that Mo Day made a new album but ... I felt like somethin was wrong with it . 8 Old-Skool joints in a live format ? It was ok , but it ai n't all that groovin good , especially tryin to make a live stuff silent . If I wanted The Best of Morris Day & The Time , I would 've Combined the hits from the previous TIME albums -LRB- plus 2 Morris Day Tracks -RRB- and called it THE Best TIME Ever
 I use to dig the Time back in the day alot.if Prince had n't been so scared of them they would have or maybe would have been Headed toward the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame in the future . I got some Live stuff over the years from the Original Band.The Time do n't even count to Me without Jesse , Jam & Lewis.these New Tracks are decent but you can tell how Industry Politics & EGo Deflated a Band that Should have Been bettered remembered.now hearing these Live tracks just ai n't the same.I wish that back in 87 when they had that Project with Janet Jackson that everything had have been Green Lighted.the Edits here are bad .
 Man , I 'm crying to say that , but I can not be dishonest on how I feel when I listen to this double live album . Phil Lynott is a genius songwriter and one hell of a bassist , and his band Thin Lizzy , from a period of 1975 - 1979 , and again briefly in 1983 , were the most powerful band in the world ! Studio or on stage they were a take-no-prisoners act and no one came even close ! Their 1978 live release , Live and Dangerous , became a landmark release and displayed to every other band out their how a live album should sound . Energetic , powerful , chock full of good riffs , the dual lead guitars just ripping right through you , it 's an album I will never ever forget about it ! But this 1984 live effort is weak . The idea worked on paper to bring past guitarist onstage for their signature songs when they were in the band , and in concert it was amazing to witness this . But the resulting product is lackluster . The performance is n't as captivating as Live & Dangerous , the sound quality is terrible throughout , and Lynott is not audible . For fans of Lizzy , looking for a true keeper from the 1983 line-up andtour -LRB- with smokin John Sykes on guitar -RRB- , should look for the live at the BBC InConcert release , released on an import label about 5 years ago . The concert is from London in 1983 and features a complete show and it is the true follow-up to the Live & Dangerous album . Thin Lizzy still had the fire in 1983 , it 's just not documented on the Live Life release .
 Disc 1 would play.I 've ordered this set twice ... from different vendors ... and both times , Disc 1 would NOT load , would NOT play ... on ANY CD machine or computer at home or at work . Try it if you want but make sure the seller has an easy return policy.I 'll give it 1 star for disc 2 , which was fine . But I really wanted `` Popcorn Sack '' and that 's on disc 1 .
 Too bad the band did n't include more songs from Savage Amusemnt like Do n't Stop at the top or Media Overkill . `` Tease Me ... '' sounds awesome and it 's the best track on the album , however the album has very few live songs and a double album could 've been better . Still enjoyable , but a album only for die hard fans .
 I bought this over ten years ago and listened to it heavily . I think I just wanted more and more XTC and was willing to reach back this far in their discography to hear some of it . I quickly grew tired of `` Go 2 '' because it was just so awkward ... and not in a positive way . They took their punk template and pushed it off an experimental cliff , making something that I think embarrasses even Partridge himself . Do n't get me wrong , I like it when musicians take chances . `` Apple Venus , Vol . 1 '' is a favorite of mine . Orchestral pop ... it 's great.I got rid of my copy of `` Go 2 '' years ago . Recently I thought `` man , I should n't have done that '' , and promptly got a used copy for myself again . After listening to it again all these years later , I realize why I did n't hang on to it . Laughable lyrics , strained vocal performances , limited dynamics , chintzy keyboards that sound like its trying to play sheet music turned upside-down , and - something I rarely associate with XTC - weak songs . With the exception of two or three songs , I feel embarrassed for the band . The worst thing you could do for a potential XTC fan is to point them to this album first . Yikes , it will scare them away.I highly recommend Partridge and Barry Andrews ' other band Monstrance and I look forward to hearing my first Shriekback album some day . This , though ? Ugh ... rough .
 XTC 's `` Go 2 '' was the band 's second album of 1978 , and it shows signs of being hastily recorded and put out before the material was as ready . Largely the same thing only different as their debut , `` White Music '' , the best material on `` Go 2 '' show signs of things to come , but the majority of it is largely forgettable ska/punk new wave.Admittedly , the album certainly opens well enough , with `` Meccanik Dancing -LRB- Oh We Go ! -RRB- '' being an energetic mechanical rock piece like those that would be all over the next few albums with a loping bassline , skanking guitars and an odd , shouted vocal . The second piece `` Battery Bridges -LRB- Andy Paints Brian -RRB- '' , finds songwriter Andy Partridge channelling Brian Eno -LRB- considered for producer of the album -RRB- for this churning , `` Another Green World '' - like number whose serene nature provides a great offset to the opener.Unfortunately , it 's all downhill from there , moving from one forgettable ska-tinged new wave piece -LRB- `` Red '' -RRB- to another -LRB- `` Life is Good in the Grenhouse '' -RRB- . It also does n't seem to matter whether its Partridge -LRB- `` Jumping in Gomorrah '' -RRB- , bassist Colin Moulding -LRB- `` Buzzcity Talking '' -RRB- or organist Barry Andrews -LRB- `` My Weapon '' -RRB- who writes the piece , there 's not much going on -- none of it 's bad -LRB- well , ok , `` My Weapon '' is pretty bad -RRB- , it just does n't grab you . The notable exception is the punky power chord workout `` Crowded Room '' , Moulding 's best early contribution to the band that 's loaded with energy even if the vocal line can get stunningly annoying -LRB- well , ok , not nearly as annoying as the chorus of `` My Weapon '' ... -RRB- . One thing that is notable about the album is the artwork , where rather than including some sort of photograph it instead has an essay describing the marketing intent of each component of the artwork in sarcastic fashion.This reissue has been remastered and sounds like it could have been recorded yesterday . Unfortunately , like `` White Music '' , it does serve to nicely date the recording significantly , but the sound is fantastic . The remaster also adds an early single as a bonus track -- `` Are You Receiving Me ? '' -- which had also been included in some versions of the album . It 's actually a decent new wave track , with a driving rhythm and some of Moulding 's best early bass playing.All in all , `` Go 2 '' is really a subpar effort . It was clearly rushed out and suffers from a total lack of development of ideas as well as not enough good ideas to fill a record . The band would fare much better in the future -LRB- including `` Go 2 '' 's followup , `` Drums and Wires '' -RRB- , this one is probably only for fans .
 The foul content of this makes it unacceptable to me . I was very disappointed and plan to scrap it . I enjoy clean humor like you can find with Carl Hurley and Jeannie Robertson .
 How do u edit Luda ? Well , that can be done by either making an album that has two or three words in each song , or , what they did
 this is exactly the reason why i left . people who act so backwards , who have nothing to talk about except their rides , how much money they have and how many women they done freaked ... so much of rap has become like this and this is why i do n't buy much of it ...
 here is some news that coming word of mouth this album is a load of cow manewer ludacris puts a capital l in the word lame all tracks have weak lyrics and wackk beats
 Ludacris 's New Cd '' Word of Mouf is aiite , but it 's sumthin i would not buy in the store . Coming to America is funny and demontsrates Ludacris 's ability to throw comical lyrics -LRB- like the line wit Zamunda ! -RRB- . Also , Greatest Hits had me rollin as unhip folks try to reiterate his songs . Growing Pains is a bangin track , but only real hip hop heads would know the beat was jacked from Dilated Peoples `` Worst Come To Worst '' . He just made the beat real slow . Roll Out is hot , but then the rest of the album suffers from poor beats and horrific guest appearances . JD ruins Coming to Atlanta , while the one wit those Memphis Three 6 Mafia just is not good . He needs to get better beats to complement his flows and discuss other topics besides the standard cars , ice , etc. 1
 ok the first was alright but this cd -LRB- is bad -RRB- theres one decent song thats roll out , area codes has been on mtv too much , ruining the song . do n't get this its not worth . the first was a lot better . i would never want this cd in my cd case ever .
 Ludacris looks as ridiculous as his music is.The only thing you will get from buying this is how to be stupid and how to throw away money.All the beats sound like noise from a second grader and the lyrics seem to be written by a second grader.The song `` move '' has got to be most annoying hip hop song ever.To conclude , stop giving these guys more free money and send them back to where they belong.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE !!!
 If one word can describe hip hop in 2002 -LRB- so far -RRB- it 's stagnant.Need proof ? Take Ludacris and his album , `` Word Of Mouf '' . More mindless , mainstream rap mush.Ludacris sounds illerate and the beats are kinda goofy-sounding . But that does n't bother mainstream hip hop fans does it?Are you kidding , they 're not even worried.As long as there 's a good marketing campaign -LRB- ... -RRB- , the increasingly elementary pop auidence eats it up with no question.Ignorant `` jams '' like `` Roll Out -LRB- My Buisness -RRB- '' and `` Saturdays -LRB- OOh Ooh -RRB- '' are also very sterotypical.Here we go again ... a young black man acting like a little cariture just to sell some records.And the sad thing is that no one seems to see anything wrong with that.Want itelligent , diverse hip hop try Mos Def or Talib Kweli .
 Ludacris came back again , with pretty much the same material . His voice , is nothing special , and his lyric writing is sub-par . This CD is great , if you want to hear about hoes for 70 more minutes . Ludacris ' only talent is his ability to flow fast as hell , which he did n't use as much as he should 've . There are plenty of other better CD 's , like Busta Rhymes-Genesis , Fabolous-Ghetto Fabolous , Nate Dogg - Music and Me , and Big Boi and Dre Present , Outkast . Ludacris lost a lot of white fans with his skit ripping on white people . Do n't buy this CD , there are much better ones available .
 I was pleasently surprised with how well Ludacris was ableto rock the mic , based on the poor lyrical performances he has displayed on his singles . Unfortunately , the production onWord of Mouf is dull and repetative . Of course , if you enjoy the garbage they play everyday on MTV the production will probably not bother you much . Ludacris has the potential to be a great mc . He just needs to get with some underground , talented producers and quit working with people like JD . Until he does , spend your money on Nas `` Stillmatic '' , Wu-Tang `` Iron Flag '' or Dungeon Family 's `` Even In Darkness . ''
 You might want to look before you buy this . It comes with only 5 tracks :--LRB- I 'd rather reccomend that you buy the unedited version , because you get to hear more of Ludacris . If you have a choice , It 's better to get the dirty one .
 This is a great cd ... . If you like hearing about Hoes and someone brag about himself for 74 minutes . I liked some of the songs -LRB- i gave it 2 stars for roll out , growing pains , and saturday -RRB- But You can only take so much of hearing the same stuff over and over
 I was completely let down by this record . I think Ludacris is a talented rapper with some crazy style but this record 's got uninteresting synth beats , tacky skits , way too many guest rappers -LRB- to the point where Ludacris at times seems like a guest on his own album -RRB- and does nothing that has n't been done countless times before . I 'm surprised all the reviews here are so positive ! I guess kids who do n't know any better like this stuff . On the plus side `` Saturdays '' and `` Freestyle '' are okay and there are some funny moments . `` Freestyle '' actually has some of that Jungle Brothers energy to it but they only keep it going here for two minutes ... Hopefully on the next one they 'll have more in store . Keep away from this if you have a discerning ear !
 Wow , i had high expectations for this but they definatly came up short . Only songs i 'm really into are roll out , welcome 2 america , and growing pains . I just was n't feelin the rest . plus i 'm not a big fan of him puttin songs that are n't his on the cd . stuff like welcome to atlanta and area codes should n't be on there . and then taking stuff from kilo ali `` she said she 's never done it , she said she never tried , she 's sitting there telling a mutha f-ing lie '' oh well . at least the dungeon family cd is tiiiiiiight .
 you can find ludacris at the bottom of music 's crapper , the dirty south hip hop scene
 I ordered a used CD and the disc would not play . I failed to return it on time , so I guess I 'm stuck with it .
 If you are in middle school , this album is for you , literally . If you 're not , -LRB- or even if you are -RRB- you do n't have to listen to what MTV and Pepsi tell you to . Check out some real hip hop
 Can anyone get this bozo to shut up ? He 's so goddamn annoying , and he seems to be getting worse with every new album.Stop supporting this moron , people and listen to some real music for a change .
 Yet another no talent rapper.Only thing that might be worse is that death/black metal -LSB- stuff -RSB- . Not even worth the 1 star I rated it .
 `` I love this CD and other hardcore artists like Britney Spears and the Dixie Chicks . They are really hip yo . I think this guy is really talented because he can make simple two-syllable words rhyme and I ca n't . I want to be like Ludacris some day . He 's soooooooooo cool !!! `` Look people , This is dumb . The originators of rap would be ashamed that their art has turned into this slop . Stop listening to pop music ; if you 're going to listen to hip-hop , then listen to hip-hop . Ludapiss should be killed .
 hey if u want a good CD get JIMMIE EAT WORLD best band ever this cd just sucked there is no song w/out cuse words !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 okay , this cd did n't strike me as being excellent.it was ok , but some of the songs were just weird.i liked the ones featuring that one guy ... growing pains and keep it on the hush ... also , the classics - rollout , welcome to atlanta etc.he has some talent i just think something better could 've been done . go jigga man!wooh disturbin tha peacewoof
 Saturday is catchy.Roll Out is tolerable.Area Codes is abysmal.Now for content : You ca n't talk about the content of Ludacris 's music without talking about his contempt for women . I could at least respect Ludacris if he had respect for my gender . But he does n't , therefore I ca n't have anything but contempt for him . Stop calling my sisters ho-es , and I 'd stop calling you a m-o-r-o-n . It 's simple . I do n't see why Ludacris fans think women are just supposed to accept or IGNORE female oriented hate speech?Ludacris is OBSESSED with sex and h-oes . It makes you wonder if he has hang-ups about it . Afterall , those who constantly brag about things are usually trying to OVERcompensate for a lacking somewhere else . Or maybe Ludacris saw his mother selling herself in a back alley for a dollar and it scarred his outlook on women forever . I guess if she had actually RAISED him and shown him how to respect women -- ALL women -- then he probably could have grown up to be a respectable guy instead of the prurient dummy he is.This guy makes me so sick to my stomach I root for Bill O'reilly to tear him a new a-hole . I 'll explain my views , I wo n't apologize for them .
 Reading through reviews of this ridiculous waste of CD space , I see that Americans truly are ignorant , and most of them are a waste of living material . A mother praises the album , despite her hatred for the idealism behind it , simply because `` her 15-year-old son gives her a hug and this IS what kids are into these days . '' Lady , grow the hell up . If you 'll do anything to get your kid to give you a hug , then your kid is going to turn into the same kind of loser that you encourage him to listen to . Kids who listen to this crap get into drugs , treat women like trash , and have an overall disrespect for the rules governing society . This kind of garbage should be burned in effigy , but countless ignoramuses continue to patronize it.You know , instead of letting their kids listen to whatever they want , parents could give up on this stupid liberal ideology that children are entitled to their freedom and forbid them to listen to such garbage . Why would you want your kids listening to a man who refers to women as `` b * tches '' and `` hoes '' ? Yeah , go slap that ho ! So when your kid is in jail with a domestic abuse charge , you only have your own ignorance and lack of responsibility to thank , as well as the moron you allowed your child to listen to . People , wake up ! This is n't even music . There 's NO talent in it . The idiot reviewer who said death/black metal is worse than this is a total fool . I can guarantee you , artists like Dimmu Borgir and In Flames have aeons more talent than this cartoon character who lets other men shave him . Bill O'Reilly did the right thing by blasting this fool , and getting him kicked off the Pepsi commercials . Now , people , stop buying this sorry excuse for music and get some taste.P.S .
 Back in the 1980s , `` Gangsta Rap '' arose from the streets of Los Angeles . It was real and it told about various hardships , including police brutality , gang wars , etc. . But now , it seems that all rap is just a gaggle of rich , gold-toothed imbeciles making up words like Dr. Seuss . What do people see in this dreck , anyway ? Do the primitive beats soothe them or something ? If you must listen to rap -LRB- which I would n't recommend -RRB- , listen to some of the 80 's stuff . Please do n't give this guy any more money.I will say this though
 How can people listen to this stuff ? I ca n't stand rap music and I especially ca n't stand the rappers who do it ALL for the money . I hate Ludacris but I hate him even more when I saw that he was going to be guest starring in 2 Fast 2 Furious . Just listen to Move and you 'll hear how much of a talentless person -LSB- -RSB- this guy is ! Whoever said that death/black metal is worse than this is stupid .
 Misogynisim is an ugly thing . I hate the fact that guys like Ludacris champion it so . Women are n't a place to inject your ` spam javelin ' . One would think this would be the unanimous world view , but I guess not . There are just too many people out there like Ludacris , Chingy , and these other farce rappers who just love degrading women . It 's guys like this who really give rap a terrible name .
 this album never got off the Ground with Me.it 's pretty much the same stuff being Promoted in the Biz.nothing special about His flow or His Music.He is like Coolio with a Slow Drawl.catchy stuff but forgotten in a week .
 I am a huge fan of Luda ... but this CD SUCKS . The unedited version is MUCH MUCH bettter
 All I got to say is if you want to hear Ludacris , dont get this CD . I mean you cant possibly get a Ludacris experince with all the words cut out . Plus this CD only has 5 songs , and it sells for full price . If you really want to listen to Luda , get the uncensored version with 18 ! tracks . If you prefer the cut out words , listen to the damn radio
 This album as well as the artist is absolutely and unequivocally the most vile and mentally enprisoning , brain wrinkle reducing noise laced with down syndrome corky written lyrics . The mental capacity of this man is equal to that of a termite neglected by a higher power of its instinct to eat wood and spends its pitiful and useless existence in a brick house gnawing on hardened clay in a state of perpetual dumbfounded perplexity . Anyone who buys this album will be boiled down to the iq of a gerbil .
 Yet another sleazy , morally bereft , utterly talentless , self-centered , materialistic , depraved , foul-mouthed , and just plain stupid rapper that has absolutely nothing to say , but deluded into thinking he does . At least he chose an appropriate handle for himself . Pretty ludicrous , all right .
 Here it is . Another sell out rapper that makes no sense , creates crappy beats , and has his songs slamming in urban white boys Jeep Cherokees . Enough is enough . I know too many Ludacris songs because I know too many people who listen to this garbage so do n't think I 'm someone trying to mess up the review scoreboard , he is truly a piece of crap , a sellout , and un-original .
 Ludicrous is easily one of the biggest douchebags in the world right now . Who listens to garbage like this ? Is this the face of rap today ? Its just horrible , the lyrical content is deplorable , any drunk at a bar would have better songwriting skills than this bozo . This guy is a coarse , cheap scumbag and we could all do best by just ignoring him and all the other godawfuls that wan na be just like him .
 This is one of the worst albums I have ever heard . Period .
 Ludacris should just hang out with Missy Elliott in the Middle East and have a bomb fall on them . They are like 90 percent of the rappers , no talent . He puts together elementary rhymes along with no flow and no point . He should retire and go back to McDonalds . That is all his skills are worth , minimum wage .
 i b chillin wit da dawg 4 real luda iz da tytest rhyma in da hystory of da word 4 eva !! He got mad skillz cuz he keep rhymin bout hiz hoez which iz tyte cuz my whyte azz dawgs keep chillin at my plaze wit dis CD YO !! It real tyte how he spell mouf 4 real . if u do n't git dis CD , u ai n't a real dawg , yo !
 And not in a good way either.Ludacris would be a more than perfect way to describe this talentless and stupid ... rapper.Bunch of mindless drivel if you ask me.I strongly suggest avoiding this album .
 This album makes me wonder what has happenned to hip hop music . Ludacris has weak emcee skills matched with equally weak lyrics . The fact that Ludacris raps only about money indicates how shallow he is , and also the type of family , society he grew up in . One in which he was raised poorly , falunting his money and not showing gratification for his success . If i could rate this album zero I would . Hip hop as a culture and form of music is beign destroyed by artist 's as such .
 i waited three weeks for this cd then when i got it the cd inside the case was some bass test cd .
 Out of all 3 of Ludacris ' CDs , this one is this best , which shows you how bad the other two are . Good songs
 This album is presented in a strange fashion . It sounds like the tracks of this album come from two different performances , and these performances are very different.The first performance has a similar tone and delivery to John 's earlier album and it 's just as witty and enjoyable -LRB- despite a number of recycled jokes -RRB- . Stand-up taken from the second performance , however , is very different . John sounds tired , annoyed , and is probably sporting an unhealthy buzz - coming off like the creepy uncle who makes inappropriate comments at Thanksgiving toward his nephews ' girlfriends . Plus , the jokes are predictable , boring and even totally unoriginal . I 'd already heard a number of them on the schoolyard in the 80s -LRB- `` There once was a guy from Nantucket '' , for example , is actually one of them -RRB- . The album flips back and forth between these two performances , often switching in the middle of a track , and it gives it a very bizarre feel . I will likely , when I find some time , carve out the stuff from the first performance and delete the rest with an mp3 editor.I 'd recommend getting his other self-titled CD . If you absolutely love that one , get this one - but know that it will fall short of your expectations .
 The album sounds like it was recorded in a tin can . That is unfortunate because the song selections are good . Quincy is great as usual but the recording quality is so bad it is almost unlistenable .
 If you are a fan of Mario Lanza you 'll probably love this collection . I admit I am not a fan . When lanza was living , we Sicilians referred to him as Mario Si Lanza because in the Sicilian language `` si lanza '' meanns `` he throws up . '' In other words we had heard the best and Mario for us was NOT the best despite his powerful top . But his singing was so uneven through the ranges and his poor pronounciation of Italian made him not the choice of sophisticated listeners .
 I enjoy Jeni Fleming , the problem is with Amazon.com . The sample play list on the Jeni Fleming cd is not the songs that are on the actual cd you purchase . You need to be careful to be sure you are buying the right cd .
 This album is proof that the great band once known as Voivod has degraded into a farce . The band that once gave us classics like `` Dimension Hatross '' and `` Nothingface '' has turned into a typical faceless metal outfit . Sure Piggys weird guitars tunings are intact as well as Aways pounding drums ... but Forrest is a joke as a bassist/vocalist . A part of Voivod died when Blacky left ... but the final nail in the coffin was the departure of Snake on vocals . Many people like to think of this album -LRB- and Negatron as well -RRB- as a return to the `` Killing Technology '' days . Not true . That album was innovative in 1987 . This album sounds pretty generic . Voivod is dead
 As is evidenced by the other reviewers , Voivod has been two distinct bands in their career - speed metal thrash and prog rock/metal fusion . Not many appear to be fans of both styles , presumably making Voivod completists a rarity.I was introduced to Voivod in 1989 with the eerie , Floyd-tinged `` Nothingface . '' Fierce , cutting guitar laid over a thunderous rhythm section , vocals spitting and sneering , but rarely forced . Quite an amalgamation of styles and influences - unabashedly metal , but with long breaks and tight jams -LRB- amazingly w/o extended , histrionic guitar solos ! -RRB- reminiscent of bands like Pink Floyd , King Crimson , and numerous other progressive luminaries.Still , not all the songs worked , some meandered , and the lyrics , where decipherable , could be incredibly embarrassing . The band took a giant stride forward with ` Angel Rat ' -LRB- ' 91 ? -RRB- . Much tighter arrangements , with the focus on the song , as opposed to accenting the individual musicians . Incredibly dark , ominous , and indescribably powerful . Some improvement on the lyrical end , but the vocals themselves are more pronounced . A rare album - not one weak cut on it.This was followed with Outer Limits - similar in tone and feel to its predecessor , yet with longer arrangements more in keeping with Nothingface . The production was incredible , as the songs flow seamlessly , and keep you on the edge of your seat . Another cracker release.Unfortunately , this `` holy trinity , '' Nothingface , Angel Rat , and The Outer Limits , unique , powerful , masterfully-performed and produced , were preceded and followed by a form of adolescent speed metal that sounds indistinct from dozens of others . Phobos is an improvement over its direct predecessor -LRB- I 've already forgotten the title of this utterly disappointing and forgettable release -RRB- , but only just . The ultra-macho howl and in-your-face bombast is n't as pronounced , but so what ? They had gone so far beyond this schtick with `` the Trinity '' - why go BACKWARDS?A real shame .
 This album is another poor effort from Piggy and Away . The mix on this album is the same as on ` Negatron ' . Eric Forrest 's vocals and bass playing is `` death metal-esque '' . He is a fan of death metal and has brought in the death metal scene into Voivod . Death Metal does not fit in with the Voivod profile and should not sound this way . This album is too different from the previous albums with Snake and Blacky . Eric Forrest is a joke ! He 's like the Kurt Cobain of death metal and became a `` control freak '' in the band . This album is Voivod 's second worst effort . True Voivodians would be diapointed .
 do not get this if you do n't like that crazy , not so orderly sound . the music is just going all over the place . Not such a pleasant sound .
 This album has a lot of good music . Problem is most of it has a lot of songs that have been out for more than a year or two . Not very current , then again no US compilation is .
 This is the third cd from the recent purchase , and again disappointing . I really think our problem is that we were expecting something of the richness of her recording of `` The Power and the Glory '' , and these are all very different , so maybe we are being too harsh in our judgement of these 3 , `` Gospels , spiritals and songs '' and `` The Best of Mahalia Jackson '' , the last being the better of the three . I do n't see these getting much playing and would be glad to sell them at a discount to anyone in Oz , if interested .
 Sorry , this is not the mahalia jackson I remember ... no enthusiasm . You do n't get the urge to clap or sing-along like you do at a black baptist revival meetin ' . I 'm still looking for that experience ; welcome a suggestion .
 ORDERED THIS ITEM ON NOVEMBER 30 , 2011 . MONEY WAS DEDUCTED FROM MY DEBIT CARD BUT HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT AS OF THIS DATE -LRB- 12-19-11 -RRB-
 The Hellacopters first started out as a young-loud-and-snotty garage punk band who liked to crank out raw , scuzzed-out Stooges/MC5-influenced riffs . Then their guitarist Dregen left and was replaced by Robert Dahlqvist , and they morphed into a retro '70s - classic-rock style band with some real songwriting and instrumental chops.GRANDE ROCK was the band 's first album with Dahlqvist , and they were still making an awkward transition into their new sound at the time they made this record . As a result , this is by far the Hellacopters ' worst record . It 's full of tired , warmed-over classic-rock riffs over weak , lackluster and uninspired non-songs . By the time they made their next album HIGH VISIBILITY , they 'd developed their songwriting chops , so even though that album continues in the same vein musically , it 's a way better album than GRANDE ROCK.I made the mistake of buying this as my first Hellacopters album , and I was almost scared off from buying anything else from them as a result . They 're a great band , but this is not an example of their best work .
 When The Hellacopters ' `` Super Shitty . . '' release came out a new hope was discovered for the abysmal late 90 's music scene . Payi n'the Dues followed with stronger production and tighter song writing . Grande Rock the latest full album may have some of the writing talent but lacks any of the beer swilling ear splitting excess of their earlier efforts ; let 's face it this is all Kiss and no Motorhead . A more recommendable release would be Disappointment Blues , a compilation of some of their b-side and compilation material where they do indeed cover Motorhead 's ` Speedfreak ' to perfection . May The Hellacopters rise again after this flat record like a burning , blaring Phoenix !
 The Hellacopters have cleaned up their sound . Gone is the is the processing on the vocals , and the distortion on the guitars is much lower . As a result , the sound is less harder and less interesting.Commercial sellout ? Buy their other albums and forget about this one unless you are a diehard fan .
 Another reviewer compared this to classic rock albums . This does n't hold a candle to them . The singer ca n't sing , they do n't write catchy lyrics , and the lyrics sounds too influenced from the singer 's Entombed days . And even the album title and cover lack creativity . Check out the new Tight Bro 's From Way Back When album for real rock .
 I 've never read so much hype about a band before and then been as disappointed as I was when I listened to this album . I keep hearing the comparisons to the MC5 and Stooges . And I keep reading about the Detroit Rock mentality and Trans-Love Energies . However , when I got this over-produced slick sounding CD filled with highly polished guitar rock , I discovered that this band is much more akin to bad Van Halen , or some poop that a guy like Vince Neil might release.Perhaps they used to sound like the MC5 , and have the energy and soul of the Stooges . Maybe one of their other relases has that sound . Not this album .
 This CD needs some work . She has a wonderful voice but this is n't her usual self . The pictures are nice but not worth the price of the CD . I heard so much good about the taping could n't wait to get the CD and now I wish I had NOT BOUGHT IT.Still love Lorrie and her older Cd 's this just did n't cut it . Oh well file it away with that duet one with Sammy .
 If you are looking for the original versions of Bobby Rydell 's hits you still have n't found them . I do n't know where they found these tracks but they are not the original versions the way I remember them . They must be re-makes and bad ones at that . If you like Bobby Rydell pass this one up .
 Warning
 After placing one order over a year earlier , giving up on delivery , then placing a second order and waiting over four months for delivery of this CD , it was a smashing disappointment ! These are later recordings of Rydell 's great hits , and pale imitations of the originals . What a waste of time and money !
 Wonderful collection of songs , poorly remastered and badly recorded . If you love the music , you will hate this album .
 These are not the original recordings unless you count the fact that there are few Bobby Rydell hits even on here ; in that sense , they ARE originals . The first four or five -LRB- and others -RRB- were popularized by other singers ! What is this crud ??!!
 This cd is a remake by Bobby of his songs , For years Cameo Parkway held the masters so artists like Bobby and Chubby Checker rerecorded there records how they did this leagally i do not know , but there is no reason to buy this collection when you can buy the Cameo Parkway Collection for a decent price and have all the original master recordings , and Chubbys is out there to ... Bobby is a class act though even to this day if you never knew this story , when Bobby was young his parents would take him to Wildwood , NJ . and he would be singing in the back seat.Bobbys father would ask him to please shut up and stop singing , and said your not a singer , but low and behold Bobby did become a singer and even sang about his Wildwood days.Wildwood NJ is certainly not the same town as the time Bobby sang about it but listening to this song you can relive those days just a little .
 The songs on this album are all re-makes . They were recorded many years later than the original versions . The instrumental tracks are predominantly synthesized music done badly . The vocals lack the original emotion and spirit . Oldies should sound like they did as they were heard on the radio . Only the true original recordings bring back those nostalgic memories of days gone by . Buyer beware of oldies compilation CD 's . Ask the clerk or write or E-mail the recording company for the music 's authenticity .
 This was the worst CD that I ever purchased . Remastered ? It does n't even sound like the same person . TOO much base . The original recordings from this era NEVER had that much base . Judging by this recording , I will never buy something that I know is remastered again . If the rating stars had a zero , that is what I would rate this CD . I think if Bobby did n't hear it , he should , I think he would be embarrassed .
 while the Song itself is pretty much a Knock Off of `` The boy is Mine '' & a few other things because I can pinpoint where Kayne West gets some of His Suff from , the storyline is interesting.Brandy Vocally though is not as Good as She was back in the day.Her Voice is missing a certain spark.She still has the Cross-Over vibe in Her Material that will always get Her some kind of a Hit but that does n't mean you are gon na get solid results from Her vocal chops anymore .
 brandy new single is already droooping on the hot 100 pop chart - down from numba 36 to 47 ... it is selling a bit but radio aint really biting yet ... some say she too old already and the flava of da moment like ms beyonce and raven anyway coming to take her place ... i talk to my friend who say brandy lost her edge after doing dat soft movie with miss ross ... she lost some her street she had when she popular ... anywya brandy do song with kayne west to try to be cool but even do it sound good brandy still a wimpy voice who time come to be silenced by radio -- stars dont shine as bright as they used to and the time you gut to be popular is less now ... brandy girl yo 15 minutes child is up
 After Chicago VI which is my favorite album of all time , and a album that is short and sweet and full of many , many great , exciting songs , Chicago decided to record for VII a double album which opened the group 's first three albums . The outcome
 Skip this one . Get Waxworks or another XTC Greatest Hits compilation and you 'll have everything of note on the album .
 Let me suggest alternatives for the fan who does n't have everything yet and who likes the more rockin ' XTC -LRB- as opposed to the more melodic and orchestral stuff -RRB- :1 -RRB- Skylarking2 -RRB- English Settlement3 -RRB- Drums and Wires4 -RRB- Dukes of Stratosphere -LRB- chips -RRB- 5 -RRB- Black Sea6 -RRB- Oranges and Lemons
 I have seen these guys twice , once opening for six feet under , and the other for strapping young lad . And god almighty both times i wanted to bash my head in concrete to keep from hearing these guys . Overall these guys suck even the heavy parts and the melodic parts will put you to sleep . Stop trying to be unearth and opeth and make good music like they do ...
 I remember one time this song -LRB- featuring Joe -RRB- was being played on the radio and after the song was over the DJ said , `` Now that 's what I call a natural disaster ! '' Then he chuckled and said , `` I was just playing ! It 's a good song ! '' That DJ knows darn well he was n't playing because I and other people even thought this song was a `` natural disaster '' . Mariah was just better off doing a remake of `` Make it Last Forever . '' Skip this at all cost ... Oops ! I just realized everyone has forgotten all about this song already . Never mind !
 The Offspring 's Debut album was a seminal punk album , possibly one of their best and one of the genre 's best . But they removed Kill the President . That 's censorship , and it 's BS . A work of art is n't complete if you remove 1/12th of it , and it was one of the best songs on the album.It 's a time capsule of 1988/1989 , and should be taken in context . I 'm a conservative republican and I think the fact that they removed that song is absurd . You ca n't change history , and you ca n't censor art.You also should n't advertise this album as being an original reissue when it is n't . The original had one more song than this , this is incomplete.I was very disappointed when I got this CD to replace an old copy and it was missing Kill the President for obviously ridiculous reasons .
 Im a huge fan of The Offspring but the cd just didnt do it for me . I loved their last 6 but this one is just ... different . The lyrics are weird and the style is different . Im not saying that you will not like this CD but if you liked the other 6 you wont necessarilly enjoy this one . All in all , if you are a dedicated fan then you should still own this CD .
 The Offspring 's self-titled debut is awful in terms of how the music and vocals were recorded . The careless way the songs are played on here is awful too . There obviously was n't any mixing or production beyond the overdubs of shouts and quick guitar bursts heard here and there . The demos for these songs are amazing compared to the tinny recording heard here . Greg 's bass is inaudible throughout the entire album . This official release from Niro is unbelievably sloppy and rushed . This official version is n't even worth buying . Nitro 's site lets you listen each song in its entirety as somewhat of a warning of what you 're about to buy . When I bought The Offspring 's debut in November of ' 95 , and I ended up returning it because it was so bad . There was actually a disclaimer sticker on the CD that said
 The style of music from Offspring -LRB- self titled -RRB- is nothing like the music from their latest four cd 's . It 's more like hate music and much less fun to listen to than the others .
 I am a proud owner of every offspring album to date and i dont regret buying any of them . some people say , oh the offspring were so good when they started and now they 're just pop punk and mtv style . of course most of you are saying it to sound cool . this does not reflect my idea . instead of reviewing it , i will give you diary entries of the first time i heard the cd .4:08 pm
 offspring is an awesome punk band ... and any true fan should really explore the bands earlier work but unfortunately it is n't the case with offspring ... this album is a rip off ur money and a total waste of time ... do n't buy it even if u liked the rest of the albums ... if u dont have one of the other 5 get one of those ... not this piece of manure ... its not worth it . i am very dissapointed about this cd ... but i pretend it does n't exist . . : -RRB-
 If who or it is pleasant to whom offspring yet did not hear this album that I shall tell the following . I do not recommend to listen to this album for the several reasons :1 . This album absolute in the other style , is not brushed punk fate , but in that kind in which it is played usually with people which have undertaken for the first time for a microphone and instruments - to listen to it is long - unreal2 . As the punk group guys sound unsuccessfully , their commercial music is possible to them where better3 . There are other albums on which it is possible to spend money more successfully
 Let 's get this straight
 Over the years I 've bought several Dionne Warwick albums that I 've listened to with great enjoyment . I find this particular excursion , however , a sad disappointment . It just does n't work . The instrumentals almost seem like parodies of Vegas back-up arrangements . Miss Warwick sounds as if she is out of her element . And the sound quality is mediocre . Ms. Warwick is a singer that I respect and admire . But this particular album does little to burnish her legacy .
 I 've been a fan of theSTART since I saw them open for Incubus back in 2001 . I love everything they have done , and consider Initiation to be one of their strongest albums . I liked the fact that they tried a different , darker approach to their sound ; it worked with Initiation . This album , though , is just flat out dissapointing . It sounds like one of two things happened :1 . Aimee has become theSTART 's equivalent of Gwen Stefani and spent too much time listening to No Doubt 's Rock Steady album .2 . The band wanted to try something new/different and this is the unfortunate result.I 'm personally hoping that the latter is the true scenario , but I judging by the cover , I would n't totally dismiss the former . I sincerely hope this is a one-time fluke . I 've seen them everytime they come to San Antonio/Austin -LRB- which puts me at 8 shows now -RRB- , but I do n't even know if I want to see them perform this stuff .
 I was looking forward to this , especially since they blew me away when they played with Scarlet , Black Dahlia Murder and As I Lay Dying.I loved Hot Damn ! because it was pretty much a party album that you could go crazy and break stuff to . This album seems to try to , but ends up sounding pretty bland.Its not that it isnt heavy , because it sure is . Its just that the heaviness doesnt really do anything for it . I tried listening to this album about 3 times , and on the third i just stopped it after the third track . I dont know how they managed to make this album so plain and boring , but they did.Oh yeah , if i wasnt told about the guest appearances on the cd , i wouldnt even have noticed they were there . If you were going to check out the album based on that fact , dont even bother . Stick with the previous album , this one is a real snoozefest .
 I 'm into the heavier metal stuff that is usually about death and destruction but every so often i just want to listen to music that is still heavy but does n't take it self so seriously and is about having fun . That combined with the fact that Revolver magazine voted this CD the best Cd of 2005 made me think hey I 'll give it a shot . Well I could n't have been more wrong . First off the song `` the new black '' is n't that bad it gets my head nodding a little bit but the rest of the cd is just spazzcore riffs that do n't go anywhere -LRB- unlike the red chord -RRB- and the singer sings in exactly the same annoying tone for the ENTIRE cd . That 's the bad new the good news is I found the band i was looking for thank god for Municipal Waste !
 GutterPhenomenon is an embarassment . I immediately regretted buying this album after the first couple of songs . I do n't know if anyone noticed , every song sounds the same . the only song even half way decent is 6 . Hot damn I thought was a pretty good , fun album . When listening to gutter phenomenon it felt as though the band was trying to re make hot damn , failing miserably . The guitar riffs are boring and predictable , and nothing even close to being called original . the drums , well , there is no such thing as an original hardcore drummer these days . the bass , you cant even hear the bass because it follows the guitar so closely , and finally the vocals . the vocals sound exactly the same , that anoying scream/yell throughout.No doubt this album will sell well with all the scene kids gobbeling it up . this cd is boring and immature . The band could have written this entire album in a couple of days , a week at the most . at points it feels like the band had a bunch of stock riffs and pulled them at random , `` ok lets put riff a here , then put a riff d right here , then when they least expect it , riff h `` this is not good music , but this is the hardcore scene . congradulations , you f *** ed it up .
 Ive tried to get into this band and it just never happened . Theres so much hype around them and no follow through for me at least . This album is anything but good . I wanted to shoot everyone involved in making this record after the first 2 songs . I cant stand that whining ! Totally sucked ! Dont get pulled into this band . They f# $ kin suck . They even look like a bunch of fairies . They probly do each others hair and nails before each show , naked and covered in crisco or somethin
 I will say that this cd pretty much sucked balls . If i could give it 0.5 stars I would . The track names pretty much sum up the album . `` Kill The Music '' , `` Bored Stiff '' , `` Pretty Dirty '' . Yup , thats the album in a nutshell . No metal element whatsoever . More like heavy punk with a bad-tasting hardcore twist . Again , it 's to the drink coaster/frisbee/door stop/TP/whatever else you would like to use this cd for .
 I came to see the songs on this soundtrack and found out that the songs I liked to listen are not present . There are a couple of traditional Peruvian songs that run throughout the movie . It 's a shame , because they are quite present in the film . Anyway , I got the name of them , just in case anybody is interested . They are `` Vienen bajando las llamitas '' -LRB- The little llamas are coming down -RRB- , by U & ntilde ; a Ramos , and `` Alborozo Kolla '' -LRB- Kolla Joy -RRB- , by Andes Folk Group . There are also some Ali Farka Toure 's songs missing . What a pity .
 Also missing is George Michael 's Freedom which is heard not once but twice in the movie . There are several others featured in the film which do not appear on the soundtrack . Lame .
 it looks like alot of songs are missing ... Native New Yorker ... too . Like buying soundtracks as you get a great compilation of songs ... not here though .
 It sounds like Livingston wants to sound like his brother . Though his voice is similar , he does n't have the same talent . If you like James Taylor 's music ... . then buy it . Do n't waste your money on Livingston .
 This is a two disc set but I was only sent one disc and they never specified that it would only be one of the two .
 Never received my CD & no one has come back to me since my last query 2 months ago
 While the 2 CD set contains some good songs , the way the CDs were produced shows serious lack of attention to quality . There are considerable differences in both sound volume and tonal range , and while some pieces are clear and vibrant , some are muted and sound as if they were being played in the next room .
 If you loved Mermaid Ave. the first time around , then do n't spoil it by buying the mediocre follow up . The first album , an unlikely but successful collaborative effort between Wilco and Billy Bragg , rekindled the words of Guthrie with music that ranged from whimsical pop to somber narratives , and they always delivered . However , this album felt very much like the scraps on the cutting room floor . Do n't bother , the first album said well what needed to be said .
 As a longtime HUGE fan of all three artists , and someone who wore a groove into Volume I , I eagerly anticipated the second volume . Never one to ignore an emperor without clothes , I have to say
 I loved the first Mermaid Avenue -- the spirit of Woody 's words were captured so exquisitely . Mermaid Avenue II is a huge disappointment . The sound quality is poor and the songs are worse .
 Roy Orbison is my favourate singer after Elvis Presley . Ihave most of all his LP 's and CD 's . His voice is uniqueand has given me 45 years of real pleasure listening to hisrockers , ballads and country songs as well -LRB- buy Roy Orbisonsings Don Gibson -RRB- . However it is sad to say but this ratherunknown LP or CD from 1975 is horrifying . The recordingquality is terribly poor and something was wrong by thenwith his wonderful voice . He ca n't reach the high notes , and the low ones are trembling . I ca n't understand how therecording company could ever release it . Did they try toruin his uncomparable career ? It 's simply trash . This ca n'tbe the same guy who was still to be so tremendous popularin the second part of the 80 's with You Got It or CaliforniaBlue just to mention a few . Please do n't make the same mistakeI did by purchasing it . No wonder I had never heard of itbefore . If we want to preserve our wonderful Roy , the saleof this record should have been prohibited then and nowadaysas well .
 The cd is labeled various artists , but the cd never mentions who the various artists are.It sounds like a bunch of no talent kids in a garage somewhere trying to learn how to play their instruments.THIS CD IS TRASH ! do not waste your money
 This is the first time I have ever written a review of a record on here and unfortunatly I 've been moved to do so through abject boredom.This is the most clich&eacute;d , repetitive , cringingly bad record I have heard in a long time . I 'm just glad that not everyone that listens to it will understand Spanish enough to shudder at each cheesy lyrics and forced stereotypes it contains . Really give it a wide berth .
 When I saw this album sitting right at the front door of the local Media Play , I knew there was trouble . DJ records -LRB- not compilations , but DJ-built records -RRB- , when they 're true to form are a hardcore fan 's treat . There 's typically lots of scratching , tracks built from pure sound layered one after the other , mostly no vocals . that sort of thing . If you 're the kind of person who has a hard time listening to rappers unless they 've got a good beat behind them , you 're probably a DJ head and do n't realize it . If you do n't like rap in any form , you 'll likely hate DJ-based music , but there are albums you can get to test that theory which are well-constructed , timely and show a sense of sonic daring.This is not one of those records.It starts off cool enough , sporting all the jewelry of a solid DJ record
 I think I loved the one song and that 's why I bought it . I should 've stuck with the single , the others did not grab me as much .
 I will first off say that this has to be one of the worst albums I 've ever heard . I dig me some Alain Johannes and Natasja Schneider ; I love the Desert Sessions and QOTSA albums they 're on , and the production/instrumentational work of Johannes on some of Lanegan 's Bubblegum era works -LRB- especially `` Mud Pink Skag '' which can be found as a b-side on the Hit the City single -RRB- . These are why I went out and bought this album , planning to catch that same erie style.However , when I plopped this hunk into my CD player , I was shocked to hear some of the cheesiest music I 've ever heard . This is BAD early 90 's music , even by early 90 's standards . Freedom Williams probably put together a better disc than this back in the day . The tunage is of a `` come on get happy '' pop feel . Middle-aged Wal-Mart employees in Idaho would eat this garbage right up . The melodies played on here could be mistaken for those on an Amy Grant record . And the lyrics , are some of the worst drivol ever written `` Water and power/There 's a fish in your shower/And it 's holding a banjo on it 's knee . '' Child molester , Gary Glitter , has better hooks.So , if you 're looking for something to hold you over until the next Queens album , look elsewhere.If you 're looking for something to hold you over until the next Fall Out Boy record , kill yourself.If you 're looking for something to impress that 40-something divorcee that eyes you up from behind the Wawa counter , COP IT .
 This compilation left me very dissapointed . I have now listened to it for two Christmas seasons , and will probably not bring it out for a third . Many talented singers are not aligned with songs which would best show their voices .
 This is not the same album as I had it in the 1990 's . Songs are different , sleeve is printed on a home computer ... Too bad , cuz it was one of my favorite albums in the early 90 's .
 I have always loved Joe Diffie . I think he 's an awesome songwriter and an incredible performer . But if I had known when I ordered this CD used that it would be one that had apparently had been used to take the grit out of sandpaper then I would n't have bothered . I 'll never again pay for a used CD from anyone . Buyer beware as the saying goes .
 I am a die-hard Velvets freak , and have had the Bataclan bootleg in various forms for some time now . I thus consider myself reasonably qualified to assess this release.The overall performance is very tastey . This version of `` Black Angel 's '' is spooky and dark , but not blood curdling as it is on the Banana album . It conjurs visions of Gypsies dancing around a trash can fire in some littered Lower East Side back alley under a crimson moon -LRB- or at least an orange sky -RRB- . Likewise , Cale 's `` Ghost Story '' and all of Nico 's material are at once creepy and pretty . They represent a certain bittersweet maturity that prevails throughout this set much like the dry wisdom and blushing warmth one might detect in a well-aged cabernet . `` I 'm Waiting for the Man '' is perfectly introduced by Lou -LRB- `` Hello . Took us a while to get here . This is a song about copping drugs in New York '' -RRB- . The song is given sublime treatment until Lou F *** s up the lyrics by substituting the `` brownstone '' segment with a repeat of the `` here he comes '' verse . I sadly have to admit that this flub turns what would have been a stellar version into a decent version that gets monotonous toward the end . Oh well ... The highlight is Heroin . With this version -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , we are treated to one of Lou 's best vocal performances of all time . I also find the simple but poignant accompaniment of Lou 's acoustic and Cale 's droning viola to be much more compelling than the Banana arrangement -LRB- and certainly light years better than those wretched Peel Slowly and See demo versions -RRB- . What we get in performance , however , we lose in quality . Now granted , this should be no surprise considering the low-fi nature of most other officially released live VU material -LRB- I actually have a pristine copy from the End of Cole Ave master that sounds far better than the sources used for the original Live album -RRB- . Nevertheless , there really is no excuse for having been so totally asleep at the wheel while remastering this release -LRB- In truth , I suspect there really was no remastering whatsoever -RRB- . At the very least , it is in dire need of pitch correction . There are times when Lou 's voice sounds so slowed down that I half expect to hear secretly embedded satanic messages . I actually took it upon myself to fix the speed in Cool Edit Pro , and in 15 minutes I was done.Which brings me to my point . This set is worth getting for VU fans , especially if they have access to pitch correction software . But this is probably not for n00bs or casual fans . Nice that it 's out there , but shame on those who were supposedly `` overseeing '' this project . ZzzzZzzzZzzzz ...
 If you are a die-hard VU fan , then you probably had this show already in one bootleg format or another . I must admit , that this packaging job is outstanding . The booklet , the photos , the slipcase ... everything about it , visually , is extraordinary and immaculate . However , what is it they say about `` judging a book ... ? `` The actual recording is CRAP . When this was originally issued on bootleg vinyl , the mix was recorded quite a bit too slow ... which is the problem here . Unfortunately , the sound editors for this potentially stellar CD ignored modern technology completely , which is to say they did not download a sound editor for free off of the internet ! Any freeware editing program could speed the mix up enough for Lou , Cale , and Nico to sound normal.I have a bootleg of this that not only sounds better , but has more songs ! My 20 year old VHS tape of the concert sounds better than this.What a disappointment . Hopefully , this can be reissued after it is properly edited .
 How they could release such a great , classic outstanding concert , which even Reed called ' a night of pure heaven ' -LRB- or something like that -RRB- at the wrong speed is beyond me . You have to transfer this to cassette and then re-dubb it with the pitch at correct speed . Yea , the boot CD is better , hard to find .
 Sorry to rain on the parade of everybody who thinks , `` Oh , well , that 's what you get with an ` official bootleg ' '' ... but this thing is bad , bad , BAD . The old bootleg versions -LRB- which were culled from one or the other of two sources , a soundboard recording and an audience recording -RRB- actually sound better than the official release of `` Le Bataclan ' 72 '' . There were minor problems with the performance itself , of course -- such as when the mic fed back on ` The Biggest , Loudest , Hairiest Group of All ' -- but most of the awful sound on this disc comes from the source tape that was used . Contrary to the liner notes , it 's obvious that there was no attempt at remastering ; the tape was waaaaaay too slow and they did n't try to correct the speed . ` Berlin ' and the new arrangement for ` The Black Angel 's Death Song ' are interesting , but it sure would be nice to hear them the way they were played that night in Paris.Number one gripe
 I am a fan of Lou Reed and the VU but I have to warn you that the recording is terrible ! Definitely the worst sounding CD that I have ever listened to and I am not one of those experts . I had to stop listening ! Could not stand the way the voice and music of Lou Reed was terribly mistreated . Does Lou know about this ? This CD should have a label warning people that it could affect your hearing sensibility ! Besides that I think Lou was in a very bed mood , look at the pictures , he seems so depressed to be there , and could not care less singing . It can have a minimum value only for scholars of Lou and VU .
 After looking forward to this recording with much fervor , I was very disappointed to hear the final result . The sound quality throughout is poor -LRB- the mike shorts out during Lou Reed 's `` Berlin , '' for which the liner notes apoligize -RRB- , but other tracks are muddy , too , especially the encore , `` All Tomorrow 's Parties , '' which is further ruined by the voice of a woman offstage taking during the performance . Also , Nico suffers from an embarrasingly long coughing fit after she finishes `` Janitor of Lunacy . '' Each of the trio have about one good song each -LRB- `` Waiting for the Man , '' `` Ghost Story , '' and `` Femme Fatale '' -RRB- . The two `` Bonus Tracks '' are an insult to the consumer , just throwaway pieces that are not even complete songs , badly recorded . Even the die hard Velvet Underground fans should be wary of this one . The letdown of the year , and it 's only Februrary !
 Okay , this show was excellent , very touching and intimate ... beautifully sung ... but I do n't know what they did to the recordings ! The voices are `` low-pitched '' , and if you hear the original bootlegs -LRB- or even better , if you have the chance to catch the filmed version of it -RRB- , you will soon notice that on this cd , the whole stuff is slower and the voices are lower . Reed and Nico may have already low voices but this is really annoying ! Who wants to hear `` Femme Fatale '' in another key than the original one?I payed for it quite an expensive price , this cd being available only in import here in France , and felt like I was cheated . It 's a real shame that some people will discover this show only by listening to this . Better stick to your old bootlegs ... ; op
 Does the band have any input in this . My first complaint is each disc only has nine tracks . Why not fill it up ? Stop Crying My Heart Out should be on there as well as Do You Know What I Mean ? There was at least seven other tracks they could have included . Why release two discs with nine tracks only on them ? It makes no sense .
 Cor , eh-e-un wif eh-e senz noz at Oasis iv betta van vuh Be-ohs . Vey iz moy inspa-a-shun , yeh ? De Be-ohs kent old uh kendo to me mayts in Oasis !
 which has 11 other songs just as good as this one . Just buying the single is a waste of money .
 Well , it 's not as bad as the `` music '' of his girlfriend , but I definitly would n't listen to it on purpose .
 This is a good teen pop single - exactly the type of thing that draws ppl in ... but that 's what makes it fun . Buy the album Take It All Away by Ryan Cabrera .
 I mean he doesnt even play an instrument ! He just sings ! Can it get any worse ? Oh yeah i forgot about boy bands . Argh what kind of terrible day is it when to sell a cd all you have to do is sing ? Hes a good singer but then again arent the people in real bands as well ? Go get a Taking Back Sunday , Dashboard Confessional , or Brand New cd . They sing just as good and they actually play instruments ! Thats what i call tallent.Oh i see i have to correct this . He plays guitar ? Wow in what band ? Interesting , call me when he learns a riff .
 I am amused that no one yet wrote something less complimentary about this picture . It does begin interesting , proceeds Ok but then things start to creep . Does her lover really love her ? To me , he is a dangerous psycho and he does not stop at hurting her by keeping her uninformed . Would n't we judge someone like that as a heartless and cruel criminal ? Why all this sobbing that he really loved her ? Do we indeed imagine this as a true love story ? And then at the end , like it was n't enough suffering and beating for her , he almost drowns her and then both become happy and serene and rejoice in their escape . This is hardly a role-model romance , a perfect case of male rage , obsessiveness and violence - what is it to admire ? In the very least , it is an expression of a really barbaric , brutal and animalistic instinct of male ownership over a woman . Perfect case of abuse - I wonder how all who marvel at this film would feel if they 've been knocked into the river Seine in the middle of winter as an expression of their sweetheart 's love for them ... Love - no , sorry , this is absurd . In addition , the `` lover '' does seem to be mentally retarded and in my opinion , is not an attractive personality in the very least . But even if he was attractive ... It puzzles me that there are always people who would admire the most gruesome behavior by confusing it with love - did n't he know that she desired to get her sight back , more than anything in the world ? Would not real lover do anything to satisfy her desire , to help her get it back , even if it meant breaking up with him ? That what true love really is . And for her part - thanks for portraying again a woman who enjoys being abused . I find the story rather ... non-convincing , although the acting is good . Another example of French cinema being in a serious trouble when there is nothing more to say ... Where are all good times of Eric Rohmer ?
 This movie starts slowly & drags on from there . There is nothing appealing about this film
 This movie is loud , annoying and cliche . It romanticizes poverty and violence . Waterskiing on the Seine , and blind , coughing , limping amore-corniness to the point of pain . And bad acting ! The giggling parts were cringe inducing , that and the `` art '' . All in all , it made me dump the person who recommended it to me . I know that sounds like it biases me , but really , this and `` Blame it on the Bellboy '' were the two worst movies I have ever seen . .
 Late one night I happened to be flipping through channels with my boyfriend when we stopped at the Independant Film Channel to watch what we thought would be an amusing French movie -LRB- The Lovers on the Bridge -RRB- . We were not intrigued by the dramatic plot the info box on the tv told us , we were rather drawn into the film by the ridiculous plot it had . `` A blind artist falls in love with a homeless man on a bridge in France , '' sounds like a winner , so we left the channel on even though the movie was partly over . Right away we found ourselves watching the silhouettes of a crazed man and woman frolicking loudly upon a beach at night . Did I mention they were naked ? Yes all you saw were their silhouettes , but very obviously we could see the man atleast was naked . After that feast for our eyes , we watched as the rest of the movie dragged on , each scene an obvious attempt to push the main characters further into their desperation/drunkeness/hopelessness / homelessness/artistic loneliness . Each new `` twist '' in the plot was ridiculously predicatable and made us say , `` Are you serious ? They actually spent money to make this into a movie ? '' Finally the `` dark '' movie ends in what is supposed to be a `` happy '' ending but really makes the movie seem even worse as it only shows the recklessness of both characters and does n't resolve the tension between the characters . It 's like the writer of the film had an idea to make a dark artistic story but did n't want a tragic ending as most films of the genre do so he decided to abrubtly end the story and carry both characters away happily in a boat to the middle of no where , out of the story and thankfully now , out of my mind .
 I own lots of French DVDs and watch them all the time so I am by no means trapped in a Hollywood sensibility . To be fair , my review is based only on the first quarter or so of this film , which was as much as I could stand . If you -- like me -- have a limited capacity to get down and dirty with psychotic street people living like animals , then you and I are thinking alike . Obviously many people have watched it and heartily approve . To me , it is unwatchable .
 This is by far the worst movie of all time , no questions asked .
 This great music from Brenda Lee deserved better representation than this lame cd . For some unknownreason , the label reissued these wonderful performances - but used a mono source instead of the readily available stereo sources ! What a waste of money ! I 'm happy to see it 's now pulled from the market . The new 18 song package from The Millenium series is superior AND THEY ARE IN STEREO FINALLY ! So do n't waste your $ on this junk !
 I have always loved Joe Diffie . I think he 's an awesome songwriter and an incredible performer . But if I had known when I ordered this CD used that it would be one that had apparently had been used to take the grit out of sandpaper then I would n't have bothered . I 'll never again pay for a used CD from anyone . Buyer beware as the saying goes .
 I think I loved the one song and that 's why I bought it . I should 've stuck with the single , the others did not grab me as much .
 When I saw this album sitting right at the front door of the local Media Play , I knew there was trouble . DJ records -LRB- not compilations , but DJ-built records -RRB- , when they 're true to form are a hardcore fan 's treat . There 's typically lots of scratching , tracks built from pure sound layered one after the other , mostly no vocals . that sort of thing . If you 're the kind of person who has a hard time listening to rappers unless they 've got a good beat behind them , you 're probably a DJ head and do n't realize it . If you do n't like rap in any form , you 'll likely hate DJ-based music , but there are albums you can get to test that theory which are well-constructed , timely and show a sense of sonic daring.This is not one of those records.It starts off cool enough , sporting all the jewelry of a solid DJ record
 There are millions of Christmas albums out there -- why would I get this one?The only reason I can think of would be for the novelty . I 'd heard a couple of Hoey 's more intense Christmas songs -LRB- Grinsch , and Joy to the World -RRB- via `` illegal '' file sharing and thought it would be cool to make my parents listen to my Christmas music after listening to their lifeless drivel all those years growing up . I purchased `` Ho Ho Hoey '' 2 and 3 from amazon . Unfortunately this CD seems to have more than it 's fair share of lifeless drivel . I guess I 'll have to make a compilation CD of the few good songs and be happy with that.I guess it depends on what your expectation for the CD are . I 'll probably buy one of Hoey 's real CD 's one of these days because he is a fantastic guitar player . This just strikes me as a novelty disc with a staggering lack of novelty .
 I have always loved the Chieftans and owned many of their tapes/cd 's and have never been disappointed until now . This cd is definately not the best of anything they 've ever done . I 've never even heard of these songs . Wish I could get my money back .
 I was very upset when this CD arrived . I was under the impression that these were the `` original recordings '' of Mr. Autry 's Christmas records . They have been re-recorded and by no means are they bad ... their just NOT THE ORIGINALS ! I want the original Columbia recordings . I gave it 2 stars because he does sound great ... again just not the originals !
 Very poor quality.Frequent skipping , stopped and turned off at same location every time played.Not as good as indicated .
 Sorry about tomorrow ? How about sorry for this unlistenable cd . Pick up something on Saddle Creek instead . Word .
 I bought this cd when it first came out as a huge HRC fan . Vagrant records also has a quality track record judging from their band roster and their ability to somehow summon up the best of a band . I thought HRC would benefit from much higher production quality as well as the influence of oustanding acts such the Alkaline Trio and Saves the Day surrounding them . . However , owning for the cd for nearly two years with many listens has made realize that the band used to create captiving , listenable hardcore is gone . Nothing about this cd particularly interesting or grabbed me even on the first listen . The disc loses its appeal early as nameless , medtempo pop crowds the speakers . The vocals are more clear , however ; the trade off is less compelling melodies and a lack of creativity . Tracks like `` the Pharmacist '' identify a theme of short , competent , but boring songs . I have n't heard anything more form HRC released this album and I do n't think i would shell out 15 bucks again for something I would hear on the radio .
 This is an interesting snap-shot of Bowie 's earlier days , pre-Space Odditty , indeed pre-Laughing Gnome ! , where a struggling artist and his various bands at the time were eager for a taste of fame and fortune . The sad fact of the matter is , that none of the tracks are particularly outstanding and understandably , they did not result in David Jones or his colleagues being catapulted into the limelight . However , if , like me , you are a fan of Bowie , then it could be no more than a bit of harmless fun to add this package to your collection.Incidentally , all the tracks crop up on various compilations which emerge from time to time , so unless you are a completist , it may be best to search around for a more complete compilation .
 When I saw this album sitting right at the front door of the local Media Play , I knew there was trouble . DJ records -LRB- not compilations , but DJ-built records -RRB- , when they 're true to form are a hardcore fan 's treat . There 's typically lots of scratching , tracks built from pure sound layered one after the other , mostly no vocals . that sort of thing . If you 're the kind of person who has a hard time listening to rappers unless they 've got a good beat behind them , you 're probably a DJ head and do n't realize it . If you do n't like rap in any form , you 'll likely hate DJ-based music , but there are albums you can get to test that theory which are well-constructed , timely and show a sense of sonic daring.This is not one of those records.It starts off cool enough , sporting all the jewelry of a solid DJ record
 I think I loved the one song and that 's why I bought it . I should 've stuck with the single , the others did not grab me as much .
 I really love Jackie McLean 's work . This is just not his best playing . The sound is beyond terrible with lots of distortion . I thought it might be the earphones I was using , so I switched to a different pair -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- . It sounded even worse . Sometimes the Steeplechase recordings leave a little to be desired , but this one is just not good.To get a much better example of Jackie 's playing from this period , get `` The Meeting '' and `` The Source '' both with Dexter Gordon . I have read reviews criticizing the recording quality , but I do not find it to be a distraction . Dexter and Jackie play great together . I really love their rendition of `` On the Trail '' which appears twice on these recordings . Also , Jackie is practically a force of nature . He is unique in his sound and approach to bebop and post-bop . He has nurtured a lot of new players , e.g. Larry Willis and Tony Williams . His playing is just not up to what all of us know he can do . Some of Jackie 's Blue Note albums are among the best jazz records available.Lastly , I have to say , I love live recordings and really have a great tolerance for live performance recordings-mistakes , warts and all ! In fact , they are my favorite across the board for jazz , classical , opera , Hindustani music , and rock . For me to say that I really do not like a recording is extremely rare . Normally , after awhile , I do not even notice the recording quality . Save your money and buy his other recordings -- not this one !
 I had never seen this cd before finding it while browsing on Amazon . After listening to it , I now know why . What a disapointment . Weak songs that sound like leftovers from previous recording sessions . Do n't waste the time with this one
 The Reubke piano sonata has been recorded before , sometimes coupled with the more famous and musically substantial Organ sonata -LRB- such as by Claudius Tanski who plays both works on MD & G -RRB- . Here pianist Mario Patuzzi lacks anything resembling a singing tone , and tends towards percussive hardness , and also does n't seem aware of the clever use of the sustaining pedal when it comes to rumbling bass passages in order to create orchestral sonorities . His overall approach is slightly slower and less intense than Tanski , which is fine for the more reflective moments , but his lack of melodic cohesion works against this piece , which itself is flawed musically by a lack of inspired melody . It has powerful motivic themes , certainly , but little to offer in terms of melody , especially when it is compared to Reubke 's organ sonata , let alone Liszt 's Sonata upon which it is obviously modelled.The companion two pieces by Reubke are , as far as I know , first recordings . They are dashed off rather hurriedly , the first being nothing but fustian , though the Scherzo has some moments of interest.Unfortunately , the same can not be said for the Schunke sonata . It is simple to the point of banality , offering little in the way of powerful themes , development , or melodic beauty . The piano writing is four-square , too simple and bland , harmonic progressions hinted at but nothing is followed through with any imagination or inspiration . Again -- but even worse in this piece -- the pianist 's flaws work completely against this piece approaching its best in performance ; what is needed is someone with a less abrasive manner and more romantic bent . But this music does n't warrant further recordings ; it would be best left languishing in the archives . Presumably the composer 's tragic death at 24 and the `` sympathy factor '' played into getting this recorded , I would think . -LRB- Like the piano music of another composer who died young , Pinto -- recorded on a now-deleted Chandos CD -- though some of the latter 's music is of higher quality than Schunke 's . -RRB- My advice
 The hoopla concerning Sandie Shaw following Morrissey 's embrace is inexplicable if you listen to this set . While some of the tunes are good mid-60s Britpop , Sandie 's credentials as a singer are embarrassingly low . She is totally outclassed by the likes of Lulu , Dusty Springfield , Helen Shapiro , Kiki Dee , Julie Grant ... . this list goes on and on.Nearly all of this material is produced by Chris Andrews , who managed to puff new life into Adam Faith 's career around the same time , but Andrews relied a bit too much on a formula with Sandie . Perhaps that was necessary given her vocal limitations.The best thing about Sandie Shaw was her pugnacious , out-of-control behavior back in the Sixties . One British magistrate called her `` a trumped up little cat '' at a hearing for one of her many legal brush-ups . She was the type to start a fight on an airplane.If possible , look for the one and only good Sandie Shaw album -- `` Reviewing the Situation . '' This astonishing set -LRB- from 1969 -RRB- has her choosing her own material and using her touring band for backup . She covers such amazing things as Led Zepellin 's `` Your Time is Gon na Come , '' `` Sympathy for the Devil , '' a genuinely clever reworking of the Beatles ' `` Love Me Do '' as well as a great version of Lionel Bart 's arch title song -LRB- taken from `` Oliver '' -RRB- . `` Reviewing the Situation '' was released by RPM and is really the only Sandie Shaw album of honest merit , because the music finally fits the trumped up little cat .
 While the actual show has a fine set up and a good sense of timing , Elaine is off , old , tired , and its time to put her down . She ca n't sing for her life , so I do not recommend this CD for any customers who want to hear a good showtune or two , because you 'll get Elaine 's interpretation of a good showtune , which is most offensive . Sure , she 's funny , but her singing is out of tune and scratchy . Most importantly , her life is not very exciting or eventful . All she is really known for is singing `` Ladies Who Lunch '' , from Sondheim 's show , Company , which is half forgotten already . In another 15 years nobody will even remember her . No memorable movies or television shows . She is , however , very funny , which is entertaining to listen to ... but still , she ca n't sing and will soon be forgotten . True , she did win a Tony award , but even from that she 'll be known as the old biddy who made a fool of herself after accepting the award she 's been waiting so long for ... VERY dissapointing
 I 'm sorry . I admire ` old timers ' as much as anybody else , but Ms. Strich has simply been around too long ! It 's cloying , it 's awful , and nostaglia and whatever can only go so far . Ms. Strich and Margaret Whiting are in the same genre . Admire them , CERTAINLY , but for goodness sake we 're annonted them with some kind of ` you ca n't possibly do wrong . ' From everything I 've read , Noel Coward was NOT thrilled with Ms. Strich . -- Nor she of him -- Ms. Strich has simply taken time off from getting her picture in Theatre Weekly to do this . Enough is enough ... Ms. Strich , and Bea Arthur , for that matter , should , gracefully , thankfully , RETIRE !
 The cover of this DVD may be viewed in all global regions , regardless of which dvd player you own ... Unfortunately , the DVD itself , was unplayable in a Region 1 player -LRB- as described on Amazon -RRB- ... The disc sent by the seller was manufactured in Argentina and was unplayable in a Sony DVD player ... Buyer beware ...
 People Get Ready and Electric Sweat were great examples of a great roots-rock sound that was familiar yet still was original in its own right . This record is cheesy ; plain and simple . For those of you who enjoy it , I invite you to listen to the aforementioned albums afterwards to truly understand why this band WAS truly something special .
 If you like the music of Pablo Montero , only buy this if you are a collector , it only has 6 songs , very bad extras and the videos seem to be very bad TV grabbing , lousy video quality . Not worthy of Pablo Montero . Looks like the music company who gave permission to publish this really does not care about a basic standard of quality
 Great marketing tactic . Put 1 good song -LRB- Sgt. MacKenzie -RRB- on an album and fill the rest of it with garbage that could n't sell by itself and then make all the tracks `` Album Only '' so you 'll have to buy the whole album ! Lousy tracks , coming around on `` The Widowing Fields '' , somewhat decent . Bought album only for `` Sgt. MacKenzie '' since you ca n't it anywhere else .
 I wish I had read these reviews before buying this `` soundtrack '' -- which actually consists of two GREAT songs from the movie , and some fair-to-mediocre country tunes `` inspired by '' the movie . -LRB- Imagine the soundtrack CD from Titanic featuring a tune about the folklore of ocean liners by Johnny Cash , instead of the music of James Horner and Celine Dion , and you get the picture . -RRB- Even the great period pop songs from the movie like `` Hold On , I 'm Comin ' '' were n't included . The best of the real movie soundtrack -LRB- minus the pseudo-country drivel -RRB- could easily have been included in one package . Instead , now I get to shell out more money for the `` original score , '' which is mainly what I wanted in the first place . What a dirty trick to play on fans of the film ! And I plan to write Paramount to tell them so .
 If you expect to get the music you heard in the movie do n't buy this CD . This should not be classified `` Soundtrack '' .
 Though the collection of music on this CD is great -LRB- some -RRB- , it is not a Soundtrack of the movie . If one reads the title carefully -LRB- which I did not because it is not visable on-line -RRB- , the music is from the movie -LRB- little -RRB- , but mostly `` Inspired '' by the movie . Huge difference . I was disappointed that I did not receive what I thought I was purchasing . Including the word `` Soundtrack '' on this CD is misleading .
 This `` soundtrack '' should have been titled `` Music inspired by We were Soldiers '' or something to that tune . If you want the actual score / soundtrack of this film , you should look for the similarly titled album but COMPOSED by Nick Glennie-Smith . That CD is truly 5 star material.This album is not too bad in itself , if you are into 60ish songs but the misleading name is highly irritating and misleading hence I deduct one star from my true rating .
 I have n't heard this CD , but is that song on it when they are getting on the helicopters for the first time in combat ? You know , the one that goes `` mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm '' . What is the name of that song ?
 NONE of these songs appeared in the movie . NONE of these songs have a THING to do with the movie `` WE WERE SOLDIERS '' . Thank god I checked Amazon before I bought this piece of junk . Where 's the score , from composer Nick Glennie-Smith ????
 I loved the movie , and expected the same emotions from this album . Instead , it 's SonyNashvilles attempt to get some of their soulless country music in the public eye . The songwriting is so bad that listening at times becomes it embarassingly painful . It seems like they showed the film to a 4th grade class and had them write what they thought about it . There are a few gems , but not enough to justify buying it . Hopefully the score makes up for it . This is pure drivel and SonyNashville should be embarrassed .
 Where 's the real soundtrack ? I want those haunting symphonic strings and other songs heard in the movie !
 There were only two pieces that I recall from the movie and they are the last two on the CD . The rest is junk , was n't part of the movie and not at all inspiring .
 I should have paid attention to what the CD was and was disappointed with it . It did have some music from the movie , but it was a compilation of related music that I did n't equate to the movie . Get the soundtrack .
 I wanted the sound track from the movie the way the music was on the movie.not somthing eles that was not in the movie .
 I saw this movie the other night , and was deeply touched and impressed . The orchestral soundtrack was a perfect match with the story , creating an atmosphere of patriotism , and yet sadness that this kind of sacrifice in necessary for our country 's defense . I went out and looked , and found this CD , and did n't look at it closely enough until it was open and too late.To this album 's credit , its actual title -LRB- not as seen here -RRB- is `` Music From And Inspired By '' We Were Soldiers . To be precise , two tracks of fourteen are heard anywhere in the film
 I was very disappointed with this soundtrack . The music from the film is notably absent . A soundtrack is supposed to feature music from the film , is n't it ? This CD simply fails to remind of the film in any way . Overall , a good CD , but it has little to do with the movie . The only track on this CD which reminds me of any portion of the movie is the Gallic piece they play during dustoff .
 Well , kind of anyways . I bought this cd right after the movie , not thinking to scout out the cd when I purchased it . I had assumed that this cd would feature the score and IT DID N'T ! Oh well , my stupidity is to blame for that I suppose.Among the songs on this cd are a few solid songs like Tammy Cochran 's ' I Believe ' and a new version of Steven Curtis Chapman 's ` Solidier ' . Buyer beware , though , this cd only has one song from the movie . If you want my honest assessment , buy the REAL movie score , not this cd .
 I was very disappointed with this CD , as there were only 2/3 songs from the soundtrack . Your add implied it was the Soundtrack and it clearly is n't . The original music was breathtaking and this was n't . Sue
 The movie is one of the best Vietnam era movies I have seen but this soundtrack had only 2 songs on it that I recalled being in the movie . I wish I had saved my money and stuck with the movie instead of paying also for the soundtrack .
 I gave this one star because it winds up with the amazing piece `` Mansions Of the Lord '' which is a soaring chorus , yet also includes a few seconds of the beautiful orchestral `` Final Departure . '' The rest of the CD is worthy of zero stars . I bought this in a store because it was in the soundtrack section and if you do n't look closely to see the fine print you 'll miss the words `` music . . inspired by . . '' I wanted the score and quickly picked it up thinking that was what it was . I think the record company did this on purpose -LRB- and they wonder why everyone despises `` record '' companies ! -RRB- so people like me would buy it , and not find out that they were suckered until they get home!Aside from the final piece , and `` Sgt MacKenzie '' -LRB- which is good in the film , but not something I 'd listen to on a CD -RRB- , this is nothing but a country music -LRB- which I despise -RRB- CD and the songs have nothing to do with the movie ! I paid $ 15.00 for a CD with ONE good song -LRB- which is another reason why I rarely buy CDs -RRB- ! The soundtrack score of the movie is breathtaking . Spend your money on that . Save your hard earned money and do n't bother buying this country music CD which has almost nothing to do with the movie !
 I wish I could provide a stellar review of this soundtrack ; the problem is , it 's not the soundtrack from the film `` We Were Soldiers '' . The only similarity between this and the wonderful music selections and performances of the film are in two cuts
 this cd is a huge disapptionment . I remember watching the movie and being moved by the music . Half the songs on the CD are n't in the movie . It is as if a group of singers got together and wrote a bunch of songs that have nothing to do with movie . As far as I can tell there is one song that was used in the movie . Do n't waste your time with this CD .
 I ahve purchased and rented many concert videos and DVDs over the years , and found the production values to be amateurish , at best.The photography on the concert itself was dark and drab , nowhere near the quality of Jars of Clay 's music videos . This was a modern recording , so why is it only in 224kbps 2.0 stereo ? What about a PCM or Dolby Digital 5.1 mix ? The 2.0 stereo sounded almost as if it was really 2.0 mono . `` ten : thirty '' was boring . A collection of home movies shot during recording with the band doing mostly nothing , edited with short commments by the band members.Also , could n't they have included some music videos from `` The Eleventh Hour '' as bonus material.If `` Jars Of Clay '' is reading this review , they might want to consider hiring an experienced crew to film , edit , and mix the concert , and an experienced DVD author for better navigation .
 Kitaro never quite gets ` it ' . The ` it ' a Jarre , Vangelis , Schulze did get in those days . Oasis is a bit cheesy , a bit too commercial , too clinical , ca n't lay my finger on it , it seems to be missing a ` soul ' . Maybe in the 70 's this sounded great , but nowadays it just very very dated.Granted , a few nice songs such as ` Rising Sun ' and ` Aqua ' -LRB- for two songs it gets two stars -RRB- , but mainly elevator music , best soon forgotten.Btw , the beginning of ` Rising Sun ' and ` Floating ' from the album Moondawn by Klaus Schulze are eerily similar . What 's that about mr. Kitaro?Well , maybe Schulze got it from Kitaro . He produced the Japanese ` Far East Family Band ' , of which kitaro was a member , and Moondawn was inspired by the Far East Family Band .
 I 've listened to and loved my share of new age/space/cosmic or whatever you want to call it music , but this simply is not soothing , not relaxing , and does n't `` put me in another place '' . The individual tracks ARE good and melodic for the most part , but the absolutely jarring blending/mixing of one track into another ruins what could have been a 5-star disc . For a moment I thought I 'd might rip the tracks onto a computer and re-edit them , fading in and out the tracks without the song before or after . Then I realized how pointless that would be since the individual songs are so short . Just as one song gets going and you really start get into it , BAM the next song barges it 's way in . Sometimes that technique works well , but not on this CD since the following song clashes with the preceding one . It 's like listening to a piece by Mozart , following it with something by Led Zeppelin , then following that with something from 1940 's Frank Sinatra . Granted , it 's not as extreme as that , but hopefully you understand that once a mood is finally established , it 's shattered.After listening to Vangelis and Tomita , I 'd heard so much about Kitaro that I searched for this CD as well as Ki . What a disappointment both were .
 BB are one of those try-too-hard-to-be-edgy indie bands who , deservedly so , got some attention with this release . It is almost a shame that they put so much stock into the attention-grabbing vocals , because it 's obvious the band has more going for it then gimmicks . As it stands , they sound like the bastard offspring of Mindless Self Indulgence and Sleater-Kinney .
 i loathe this band . my buddy gave me this cd because he got two copies of it for his birthday.i could see how some people might actually like this band , but it 's not for everybody and definately NOT for me . The vocals are atrocious . everytime i hear that high pitched `` screaming '' , i get a mental image of out of control women 's rights activists setting my balls on fire . that 's how painful it is.the band suceeds at being different and unique , but that 's not always a good thing . H.G. Lewis was different and unique at creating movies , but was known forever as one of the kings of `` sleaze '' cinema . there 's a cult following for him of those that for some reason appreciate his `` style '' of filmmaking , just as i 'd expect a cult following for this band.the ultimate irony is that the band trys to be different , but in the end they attract the same group of fans . i can not think of one emo kid that does n't like the blood brothers . then there 's the arguement that almost all emo kids look/act the same for the most part , and all of the sudden you have unoriginality following a band that is completely original -LRB- yet horrible -RRB- . scary.buy at your own risk . this is not hardcore . this is just high pitched unique music that sucks . if you really like hardcore or grind , check out the group `` Frightmare '' at Razorback Records page . now that 's music !
 Wow just when you thought you had enogh things you had to be patient , understanding and mature about , Blood Brothers come out with a new album and it sucks . It sucks people and I 'm the first one on this planet who will admit it . I loved all the albums before Crimes and they were great live and well I hate them now . I 'm so sick of bands breaking and then ... big suprise they suck all of the sudden . Did martians kidnap the old Blood Brothers and put a cheap imitation clone band on our planet ? I hate this record so bad ! Instead of toning down on the ` eccentricities ' they had to trump them , yeah I liked to the high pitched screaming and the lyrics were pretty snappy but do you really need to exaggerate them to the point of annoyance !? Do not buy this if you like the `` old '' -LRB- I HATE SAYING THAT -RRB- Blood Brothers . This is just plain annoying , nothing more to it . Psuedo intellectual high pitched annoying garbage . I 'm sure most of you reading this will disagree , seeing as these guys are SO scene and you are SO scene , no way would you disagree ! Well whatever scene is pushing this kind of music as `` good '' is a scene I want to stay far from . I 'm not going to buy a new album from anybody anymore , it seems like it is such a trend these days , create a good album and then suck on the next , god only knows if they 'll suck less or suck more on thier next ! Have fun pretending in your hip hugging jeans and those cute little t-shirts you guys wear , oh your so hot ! Can I get the name of your stylist ? I ca n't end this review , I 'm listening to thier cd right now and I just do n't think I can say enough , there are not enough words in any langauge to describe how irrated I feel right now . Really man , ouch , this sucks so bad that it 's probably contantagious , CLIMES CLIMES CLIMES CLIMES ha ha ha ha ha , YOU GUYS SUCK SO BAD NOW ! CLIMES ! This is so bad ! I ca n't say that enough , horrible!P.S . if an album is SO good then why do you need to warm up to it ? If it was so awesome would n't be cool the moment you turned it on ?
 I 'm a huge Blood Brothers fan . HOWEVER -- Crimes is a terribly commercialistic release lacking creativity and the Blood Brothers usual spark . I 'll admit Burn Piano Island , Burn was also a rather commercialistic , mainstream -LRB- as mainstream as someone like the Blood Brothers can get -RRB- release , however , It did have at least 3 songs I liked a lot -- Though it also contained the WORST song to ever be produced
 This has got to be the worst CD I 've ever heard in my entire life . I came on Amazon expecting to hear more of the same but instead I find a handful of people with obviously malfuctioning ears claiming that this is the `` future of hardcore '' and proclaiming `` the singers voice is so high-pitched and annoying , I love it ! '' . Obviously this is one of those `` it 's so bad , someone will have to like it just to be different '' gimmicks , similar to Napoleon Dynomite . And just like Napoleon Dynomite , by the end you will wonder if you will ever get those precious moments of your life back again .
 As history has progressed , so have accomplishments of the human mind . We continually build upon the experiences and accomplishments of our predecessors to achieve ever more sophisticated and profound creations . Unfortunately , there are interludes , for instance , the Dark Ages , that have contradicted this trend . This album is another example of one such digression . This music , and I use the word in an exceptionally liberal sense , is an atrocity on every level . The various components , from an unremitting screeching of insipid lyrics to a rhythm section that could be replicated by an epileptic in a China Shop , are unified to create a cacophony that I imagine is similar to what you would hear in the more unpleasant regions of the seventh circle of hell . The best of the songs on the album make the Chinese National Anthem sound delightful . What I found most surprising about this album is the number of positive reviews it has received on Amazon . Perhaps these reviewers have a wicked sense or humor , or alternatively , perhaps their opinions are earnest , in which case they would make good candidates for chemical sterilization . To truly comprehend how bad this album is , you must experience it for yourself . If you are curious enough to endure such agony , I recommend beginning with Track 2
 This cd has some stuff that I really like and some stuff that I really hate . I like how they experimented with new sounds and hip-hop beats . My favorite song is LIVE AT THE APOCALYPSE CABARET . Another good one is WOLF PARTY . Besides that the album pretty much sucks . Its really plain and simple . All the songs sound the same and the lyrics arent written as good as their previous albums . I would recommend MARCH ON THE ELECTRIC CHILDREN as their best album . Also BURN PIANO ISLAND , BURN . This one is just not as good . It does ` nt even compare . If your a fan of previous Blood Brothers cd 's , then dont be surprised if you hate this one .
 This is a pitiful excuse for a band . My friend strongly recommended these guys to me , along with several other crappy bands similar to this one . She said The Blood Brothers , Mars Volta , Cursive , Locust , and some other bands . Because my friend is not an ignorant person , I tried to download some of this bands ' songs . Mainly the Crimes album . Sure the music these guys write is pretty catchy . But here it comes . The awful vocalist . Now do n't get me wrong . I do n't shy away from screams in bands whatsoever . I love At the Gates , Soilwork , Dark Tranquillity , Killswitch Engage , Trivium , It Dies Today , Darkest Hour , As I Lay Dying , and other Gothenburg inspired metal . But this guy 's voice is horrible . I found myself repeatedly closing Winamp in sheer annoyance of this guy 's voice . I 'm sure many will disagree with me here , but the guy sounds so falsetto and shrill . It 's simply too annoying to express in coherent words . There 's no melody present in his voice , and if he does have any , he finds a way to butcher its existence entirely . With a better singer , I would give these guys credibility . But as it is , this is another experimental hardcore band that 'll be forgotten in 3 years , tops . Go ahead , click no on the `` was this review helpful '' choice . But realize that I do appreciate the musicianship -LRB- although no techinal skill is required only creativity -RRB- , it 's just that the guy 's voice is so irritating . I really do n't see how people enjoy this garbage .
 This cd is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE.Are people just trying to be trendy or something by saying this is good ? I 'm tired of reading good reviews for BAD MUSIC . I get sucked into buying some really terrible music!This cd is nothing but some guy screaming in a high pitch , GRATING voice , over random drum beats and music , the ENTIRE time . Some of the music has potential to be good ... if you can tune out this constant screaming.Screaming is good for EMPHASIS in a song ... NOT good for the ENTIRE song ... EVERY song . I ca n't believe it made it onto a label . I ca n't speak for their past works , but this one is TERRIBLE . I wish I could give it ZERO STARS but Amazon wo n't let me . * Do yourself a favor and get cd 's from Modey Lemon , the Distillers & the YeahYeahYeahs instead . Or , if you 're really into screaming ... get Bantam Rooster , at least they 're good .
 Bad music . End of story . I do n't care who you are . You ca n't actually listen to this and enjoy it . Music like this is just a shiny badge that scene kids and chain-smoking art school dropouts can wear to say , `` Yeah , I listen to stuff like , The Blood Brothers , The Fall of Troy , The Locust , you know ... '' If you have n't heard this , please take my word that it is crap and it will make you a gross , ugly person !
 I do n't think this album is that great . I really wanted to love it , but could n't . I am a Blood Brothers fan , hell ... I live in Redmond where they are from . But this disc is not as good as the last one at all . Yes , I am glad that they are growing as musicians and trying new things , but this disc is not that great . It does n't have the intensity and complexity of the last album , also Johnny 's voice becomes a little to much to take on the record . His high pitched squeals sound much like Karen-O , and makes me want to turn of the disc . A few songs are good , And yes the Blood Brothers are great but I 'm not going to give a disc a high rating unless it really deserves it .
 If you 're going to whine and churn out the same tired pop-punk/alternative progressions that radio has been shoving down our throats for years , then you may want to divide and not multiply .
 Sorry , this recording is as much a disappointment as `` Peace at Last . '' I love the Blue Nile , but the musical arrangmements of the last two albums lack the imagination and precision of the first two recordings . There is little counterpoint , staccato rhythms , grand arrangements or just plain instrumental interludes that brought depth to the lyrical vision of this great group on `` Walk Across the Rooftops '' and `` Hats . '' There are , in my mind , two exceptions . First the title track and I Would Never bring the combination of yearning and melancholy within the landscapes that are so unique to the Blue Nile . Buchanan still has that soulful melancholy voice intact , and it is a beautiful instrument . Too bad he had to give us such boring arrangements with little imagination or flair . I used to grab Blue Nile recordings when they came out with great anticipation . Now I feel like when I buy a Moody Blues album-2 or 3 great cuts with the rest filler . I expect more from these guys as to me they are one of the few groups that really mattered and had forged a unique sound in popular music , which is a gift in itself . The group has not lost its sound , but to me it has lost a lot of its ability to give us music that gave us a fleeting yet profound glimpse into the yearnings , hopes and disappointments of all of our lives .
 Buchanan should wait for others eight years rather than producing a similar flat bucket of songs . I was a fan of his first album and I recentely bought it again on LP format too . The second , HAT , is another great record and on the third album PEACE AT LAST there are three songs among the best ever , Happiness , Family Life and Soon . But this work is not a heir of the previous three ones , because it does n't have any that takes your breath away , nothing to amaze you . I 'm very very sorry .
 First of all - I am a HUGE Blue Nile fan . Their music defined at least 10 years of my life from my first purchase of `` Walk Across The Rooftops '' on vinyl thru seeing them perform live in support of `` Hats '' . What made it all work for me was that it always grooved whether like uptempo tunes like `` Stay '' & `` Tinseltown '' or mellow tunes like `` Easter Parade '' and `` Downtown Lights '' . The arrangements were fresh and felt like Stravinsky had decided to create pop music . The soundscapes were vast and very Scottish in their sorrow . Despite the synths and beatboxes , you could feel the wind on the barren plains of Paul Buchanan 's soul . `` High '' is NOT that . Despite hints of brilliance in the opening tune - the majority of this release is a mournful regurgitation of Paul 's self-absorbed pain . Rather than the intricate layering of orchestral sounds , synth washes and guitar & drum rhythms , every song feels the same with this thick layer of sound that starts and goes from beginning to end . I do n't hear any musical growth . I do n't end up sympathizing with Paul 's lyrical pain - I end up wanting him to `` get on with it already '' . I sympathize with the other members of TBN who were trapped into the `` Paul '' show . Earlier recordings feature co-writes with other members of the group , and they had more depth.To summarize , when I saw the Blue Nile in concert in Boston in 1991 , someone yelled out from the crowd , `` Paul , we love you '' . To which he quickly replied , `` how can you love me , I do n't even like myself '' . It 's pretty freakin ' evident that almost 15 years later , he still does n't like himself , and it 's a bit old . I 'll keep listening , hoping to `` get it '' , but I 'm pretty disappointed that I waited this long for the low of `` High '' .
 I am an avid Blue Nile fan and immediately bought the `` HIGH '' CD the day it was released . Paul could sing the phone book and it would sound awesome . So imagine by disappointment when I listened -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- to this venture only to have it lull me to sleep ... out of boredom . It is a soporific effort that is , incredibly , boring and listless . I ca n't believe it ! I keep listening to it hoping it is one of those that will grow on me , but to no avail . buchanan has such a rich and powerful voice that he does not use AT ALL on this album . No power . No fluctuation . No energy . No nothing . And what 's worse , there is no melody ! Not one of the songs will you hum despite repeated listenings . It is as though he is making it up as he sings -- and putting himself to sleep doing it.Take a listen to the 30 sec . samples on Amazon -LRB- or wherever -RRB- ... that is what all the songs are like -- slow , boring and void of any `` energy '' . If you like the Hats album -LRB- as I do -- a nice blend of melody , ballads and arrangement -- all those songs are awesome ! -RRB- you will be very dissapointed in this one . Very.Waiting for another 8 years , Ron
 This Portugese import has nothing new to offer except for those who do not have the lp `` The Exciting Connie Francis '' on CD . The remainder of this 3 disc collection are her hits . Disc One the first nine cuts are original hits ; however several songs are abuptly ended electroncially before the song is over . The remainder are culled from her 1989 Malaco recording sessions . Connie was not in good voice here , she strains and at times is off key . There are several gems in this thorny crown . She revisits her hit `` Together '' and the results are terrific . She is not overtaxing her voice and the new arrangement is very fine . A standout arrangement on `` Second Hand Love '' overlooks the wavering vocals and `` Torn Between Two Lovers '' is the perfect example of the right song and singer meeting . This version is far superior to the original hit -- Connie should have recorded it first . If you are looking for just her hits go with `` Connie Francis Gold '' -- but beware ! Several songs in mono have stereo counterparts . `` Gold '' is a budget release and wo n't break the bank . For the more adventurous , try to find the 4 CD `` Souvenirs '' collection . This is great Connie Francis product marketing .
 Horrendous . That pretty much covers it.I made the mistake of seeing this set in a store , and it seemed like a good price for three CDs of music . Turns out , ` music ' is somewhat overstating the case . This is pretty much useless unless you want to get surrounding people really mad at you -LRB- and , I have found , it is quite useful at that -RRB- . The first track had no lyrics . I thought `` Boy , this should really have lyrics '' . During the second track , I rescinded that thought ... . I ca n't even say how bad this is . I 'm trying , and failing . Oh well .
 I will never learn . I go willy-nilly through trying to pick music that I might like ; I get caught up in all the adjectives used to describe this music , and then I get the CD.In my opinion , Black Party 2002 can be summed up in ONE word
 What was it Noel Gallagher said , The third album is the real test for any band , Well Oasis failed big time . Dont get me wrong I rank Oasis as a truly great band and rate Noel Gallagher as a genuis but anyone even the most die hard fan can surely see that this album has deviated sorley from the winning formula they had and just does not sound like an Oasis album , Gone are the killer riffs and loud , brash feel of Definetly Maybe , Gone are the distinctive acoustic strumming and piercing vocals of Morning glory , What you have got here is an album that contains some good songs which have just been way over produced take D'you know what I mean , how many guitar layers are there , I remember listening to it and waiting for a distictive loud riff such as Supersonics solo or Live Forever 's but instead you can barely make anything out of the wall of noise which drowns out any solos or drumming or even to a degree Liam 's singing . That said there are a couple of good songs like , I Hope I Think I Know which could have been taken straight off of Definetly Maybe . But the simple fact is that it was maybe arrogance on the part of Noel Gallagher which made him think people would listen to an eigth minute pop song with songs as weak as these , Its all very well trying to progress your music and create a new sound but lets just hope that Oasis in the next album go to back to there garage with some amps and guitars and make some raw , brash loud music like they used to .
 This is Oasis at there worst ... This album is just too horrid , Bad lyrics , boring songs , same sounds , nothing new . Amazing that a talaented Noel Gallager would make an album like this . This a ; bum i sjust to overplayed and it is also plagued with too much solos . There are solos , and too much solos . Noel over does it on the solos . The guitar playing is not that good in this album , it has no stand-out tracks , and needs more unique , not mainstream . Oasis ' new album lacks everything there past albums had .
 This album is a bloated , boring mess . The songs are overlong and overloud -- they remind me more of Meatloaf than anything else . I ca n't believe this is the same band that created the brilliant '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory '' ... Avoid this ridiculous album at all costs .
 hmmm ... just think ... Noel , a brilliant man , maKING A CD that is just crap . What happened !!!!! I ca n't believe it ... over played solos ... awful lryics !!!!! Just when you think they could make another brilliant album , they make a crappy album . Haaa ... just think ... 4 yrs ago Blur was being called the has beens because Oasis brokoe the US but blur did not . Well ... who are the has beens now ??? Well Oasis ... all I cam say is RETIRE !!!! Geesh , for Beatle wan na bees , I would expect better .
 ... no matter who would 've recorded it . the fact that its oasis makes it worse . however heinous & arrogant noel gallagher and the other apes were about how they saved rock and roll etc. , the thing that saved them from being nothing but self inflated clods is that noel 's songs generally lived up to the hype . not here , laddie . this is a collection of weak material , lyrically & musically . noel tries to cover up that fact with dense overdubbing & general noodling , which makes it sound like pointless soloing in search of a song . the ballads are obvious , sappy , and poorly written -LRB- ex
 When I heard the Morning Glory I was expecting a great third album but ... No ! . This album shows no evolution in the music of Oasis and is like they want to sound the same in every song . The tracks are boring , the voice of Liam really makes you sleep , the guitar tones never change except in the acoustic tracks . The bass and the drums play a small role in this record . I hope Oasis think about it , and do n't think about a `` Definetly Maybe Part 4 '' for their next record .
 The Gallagher bros. are so full of themselves that they subject their fans to this mess of rehashed 70 's rock . Every tune here is about 20 minutes long - if you would dig an entire album of `` Hey Jude '' and `` You Ca n't Always Get ... '' here it is . Oasis ' lyrics have always been pretty throwaway but here they are banally Hallmark . `` All around the world / tell 'em what ya heard '' is as deep as they get here . Check out the Unplugged bootleg to appreciate Oasis without Noel 's mosquito whine voice and forget this bloated joke .
 The first track is the only listenable song on this entire album . The rest of the songs are incredibly boring and show little effort . If you like to pass the time by staring at a blank wall , your attention span might be able to handle this . Otherwise , look elsewhere .
 Bland , boring , nasal , banal , lyrically bankrupt , musically sophomorish , imitative , empty , hollow , stupid , not worthy of the CD pressing -- let alone comparison to the Beatles . There , I think that covers it .
 The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because this album has a very few decent songs but the rest ... . AARGH!Remember the song '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? '' from the album of the same name ? Basically what we have here is that song over and over again , except without a catchy melody but with even more distortion , a zillion guitars and noise . Oasis thinks if they create lots of noise then they will be legendary , but they are forgetting that they are in the category of popular music . Not unpopular noise.Please read the bad and fair reviews on this album before considering buying it because I think they say a lot more about the album then the good reviews posted by fans who think anything Oasis is good . No way ! Definitely Maybe is an excellent album , Morning Glory is good , and then this ?! The songs all sound the same , most are way too long , and they have a lot of bad guitar distortion , repitition , but nothing precise and good . Except for the single `` Do n't Go Away , '' which is an excellent ballad , but you 've heard that song already I 'm sure . Do n't buy this album for that song . The title track is decent too , but nearly everything else sucks ! I gave this album at least 6 spins and really should have started liking it by that point , but this album is beyond salvation.I would hate to imagine what the later Oasis albums sound like , and given their lack of radio play on any later songs , I would imagine that they are even worse . I 've heard other fans say that Be Here Now is the `` last great Oasis album . '' Well , if being cocky and producing songs that are way too long because you think you are legendary is greatness , then please spare me .
 Oasis arrogance is way out of proportion to their actual talent which is miniscule . If you want something real buy any album from The Beatles or the Beach Boys . This is music for people that get excited about strip malls .
 I can see what Noel is tring to do on this album , hes tring to keep the rock/pop theme but slow it down a bit . It didnt work , He ended up with a lot of boring , annoying noise.The best tracks on the album are :1 . Stand by me2 . Fade in-out3 . It 's gettin ' better manThe ones to avoid are :1 . My Big Mouth -LRB- pathetic -RRB- 2 . The girl in the dirty shirt3 . Magic PieOverall , this is a huge disappointment and i would not recommend it .
 Incredible bad musicians , terrible song writers , the worst vocalist ever , what else can I say?They totally destroyed what the Beatles created for all of us . All of their songs are copied from The Beatles ' Rubber Soul , Revolver and Abbey Road . Please do not buy this cd ! I recommend you to buy good alternative rock if you want so
 what 's wrong with `` Be Here Now '' ? in short , it 's too longnearly every song is two , three , four minutes longer than it needs to bealso many people may have difficulty relating to the theme of egomania that runs through many of the songsor perhaps it 's just that the album lacks balancenot enough variation from the grandios , lumbering anthems that make up the majority of the materialthere is nothing as bouncy as `` She 's Electric '' , as fast and cheerful as `` Up In The Sky '' , or fast and angry `` Bring it On Down `` not enough pace to counterpoint the `` Supersonic '' - style balladry
 The songs in this album are quite boring , only a few good ones . I would n't recommend it , get their previous albums instead ...
 Oasis had a formula . They liked it . It produced two very well-received albums for them , the first of which was good and the second of which perfected the formula and was wonderful . Then , of course the dilemma arrives . What to do next ? And Oasis , somewhat understandably , opted to try and replicate the formula.Now this is never a good idea . Oasis , because of their arrogant swagger , northern attitude and brash rock music , while being an excellent band , were always balanced precariously closely to dropping into self-parody . While they avoid this , they 're wonderful . When they do , the result is bad . That is the story of Be Here Now . An attempt to replicate previous success drops into self-parody . The lyrics , rather than being wonderfully obvious representations of the young working class generation , seemed forced in their attitude . This was probably because Oasis were less naive , and not technically working class anymore , meaning they needed to evolve , something they delayed until the following album , when their reputation was already destroyed.You see , Be Here Now must be viewed as the album that destroyed Oasis ' reputation . Whilst most British people still like some Oasis anthems from the first two albums , their public image went from brilliant rock idols to soggy Northerners making copycat , soggy songs . Which was a shame , especially considering that it marred the public reception of the next , and considerably better , album , Standing on the Shoulders of Giants.D ` You Know What I Mean is a perfect example of their attempt to replicated themselves . Firstly , the title is a forced , working-class phrase to try and establish themselves as your mate down your local . Secondly , some of the lyrics are worryingly similar to those of ` Do n't Look Back In Anger ' . ` Look into the wall of my mind 's eye , I think I know but I do n't know why ' says D'You Know What I Mean . ` Slip inside the eye of your mind , do n't you know you mind find a better place to be ' said Do n't Look Back In Anger.There are , however , a couple of good tracks . Do n't Go Away is a welcome change from the Sour Mash , an emotional ballad . Also , Stand By Me is the only genuinely great anthem on the album , where as the others are trying to be that way.You can understand how Oasis got into the situation they did , and on reflection it seems somewhat inevitable that they would someday make a Be Here Now . At least it forced change on them for the next album , showing them that they could n't make the same music over and over again .
 This album is the perfect example of what can happen when a band achieves too much success too early.Definitely Maybe had a raw feeling of authenticity because the Gallaghers were hungry . They wanted the rock and roll stardom more than anyone else at the time and they deservedly received it . No matter what Noel claims , there is no way they could forecast their surpassing of their heroes , The Stone Roses , in not only taking their countrymen 's votes , but also winning over the mainstream in America.With Morning Glory , Noel delivered the ballads , and MTV came calling . While the `` Supersonic '' clip was more exciting in terms of attitude , there was a thrill to seeing the same girls who would now request the Backstreet Boys calling in for `` Wonderwall '' and `` Champagne Supernova . '' Did either song really improve on `` Live Forever ? '' Probably not , but the switch to acoustics translated into more airplay . Rock and roll fans could still get their power from the underappreciated `` Some Might Say , '' possibly the strongest Oasis rocker in the canon.Too much too soon . The third record , Be Here Now , never hits the high points . The rockers lack the intensity and the credibility of Definitely Maybe and the ballads are practically identical in structure to Morning Glory 's . The lack of freshness is dehabilitating . `` It 's Getting Better Man '' offers some hope , but is this band done?With the demise of Oasis popularity , what are we left with ? Mariah , Brittany , the Backstreet Boys , Ricky Martin , Jennifer Lopez , Kid Rock , LimpBizkit , do I have to continue?The answer is simple
 There have been many comparisons of Oasis to the Beatles , often by the band itself ; but Noel Gallagher can not draw the distinction between inspiration and imitation . On their first two albums , they got away with mere imitation just because they came up with some pretty infectious melodies . But on this album , the melodies are n't even there . They 've fallen victim to their own hype and have created a monster . For God 's sake , do not buy this album . `` All Around the World '' is the best song , although like the rest of the album , someone should have turned off the studio tape halfway through the band 's performance . Way too long and tedious . And if Noel is one of the richest musicians in England , ca n't he afford some cleaner production ?
 Oasis dogged it on this album ... . Be Here Now and Dya Know What I Mean are the only 2 songs on here that do n't drive you mad . It 's still a fun album to own for like a month , but after that it will collect dust . I do n't know what it is about Oasis , but their songs just tire very easily , unlike the songs of say , U2 . Anyway I 'm sure the next album will be great again . Yeah Yeah Yeah .
 They are sold out but made a loooooong album ... . Has anybody listened to the full CD without pulling the `` stop `` buttom of your CD player ???
 If you like good music do n't waste 12 bucks . May the record stand , I did n't want this CD . My Sister bought it for me . Their anoying voices and pathetic melodies are , well , annoying and pathetic . No good will come of buying this . Spend your money on a good CD like EVERCLEAR or FASTBALL .
 i could hardly stand to listen to this cd for more than five minutes ... it was so depressing and all the songs practically sounded the same ... get What 's the story morning glory ... it rocks
 I am a Oasis fan and to be honest Be Here Now is n't very good . The only good songs are d'you know what i mean , magic pie , stand by me and all around the world -LCB- which is too long -RCB- . Its no where near as good as the others and is n't worth the money
 Yeah , Oasis defined a period with Wonderwall , and yeah they had a few good tunes on the first two albums . But have n't you all noticed you can play Wonderwall and Live Forever directly over all of these tracks ? I give'em 2 for being consistent .
 When Oasis is good , they have catchy lyrics and well thought out arrangements.But when they 're bad , they sound annoyingly loud and rushed.This cd shares a bit of each.With good tracks like D'You Know What I Mean , All Around the World , and Do n't Go Away , you wonder how they made the crappy My Big Mouth , I Hope I Think I Know , etc.If you liked Whats the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- chances are you will not like this album .
 A big disappointment after Morning Glory.Some tracks are engrossing but the rest is a lack effort .
 this is a poor attempt at a follow up to morning glory . I would n't say its terrible , but I would n't buy it again if given the choice , which is a shame really , because their first two were quite good
 Listening to What 's the Story Morning Glory , you could still believe that , magically , Oasis had somehow channeled a bit of the Sixties soul . There was , somehow , a sense of mystery and fun in the production . But now they give us overlong B-sides without emotion , sense or creativity . Only `` D'you know what I mean '' and `` Do n't Go Away '' have some quality . Everything else was a dissapointment . Right now , Oasis are just one step away from becoming some stupid band like Guns and Roses . So you better spend your money buying a real , perfectly produced , inventive and meaningful rock album and near-masterpiece like OK Computer . Also you can buy something really sincere , from a band that really speaks to you and cares for its fans
 Was having a tough day when ordering this . Music from teenage years . These were songs I liked back in the day . However , compared to most of the other music I have or listen to , Oasis is a downer . If I can get past the depressing quality of the music , it 's fine.Find different , less depressing music .
 I want to start out by stating the fact , I love Oasis . Be Here Now is a major disappointment from this sometimes brilliant band.Hype is what drove this band into the spotlight . When you have everbodys attention , you HAVE to perform well.What 's The Story Morning Glory was released and it seemed anyone with a good trained ear for pure pop music was licking their chops.Then this yawn of an album was released and it seemed to take a lot of the air out of Oasis ' balloon . Believe me , it 's not a BAD album , it 's just ... boring . Nothing jumps out at you making you want more . A lot of these songs sound like leftovers from other albums.I think that if this album actually kicked some butt , and had the catchy tunes like the ones on `` Morning Glory '' , Oasis would be # 1 . -LRB- not touring and sharing a bill with the Black Crows -RRB- . I love you guys , you pump out some great tunes , but this is rubbish simply put .
 I do n't have to hear only new music all the time , but I must say that Oasis ' `` Be Here Now '' is one album I 'd just as soon forget forever . If `` What 's the Story Morning Glory '' defined and popularized Brit-pop , `` Be Here Now '' sounded its death knell ! I will admit that the sound is much like older Oasis recordings , but that 's just the problem . It 's TOO much like the older stuff and sounds suspiciously like the Gallaghers were in a hurry to turn out something - anything - a.s.a.p. . What makes this album so bad is that it was hyped SO much , which left this Oasis fan with a sharp sense of being taken for a ride . Oasis may be the most popular British band , but they are n't the best . Much British talent goes unnoticed overseas -LRB- i.e. Silver Sun , the Dandys , Shed Seven , Catatonia , Northern Uproar -RRB- , and that 's a shame ! Save your money for something more original than `` Be Here Now . ''
 Picture it . Your first album knocked everyone off their feet . Your second album propelled you to superstardom , and before you knew it the country was swaying drunkenly to your music . I suppose anyone would get ahead of themselves . And Oasis , with this third , somewhat regretted album from the Boys from Burnage , did.On the plus side , each song is n't bad on it 's own . I could easily listen to My Big Mouth on it 's tod , or Fade In/Out singled out . But in succession , these laughably overlong wannabe-epics feel ludicrous and out of place.The thing about epics is that they should be on their own , after a succession of sweeter , shorter songs . I mean Champagne Supernova sat at the end of ... Morning Glory , proving the perfect , calm yet dizzying end to an almost stupidly popular album . But an album of Champagne Supernovas would just be silly ... and here it is.When it 's good , however , it 's very good . D'You Know What I Mean is fantastic ... perhaps the album 's second only song that probably deserves it 's length . It 's like a slower , slightly downbeat Morning Glory . The other is All Around the World . Yeah I know , 9 minutes is a joke ... but it 's uplifting . Like the album , only it rarely lulls and ends with a beautiful coda that I personally prefer to Hey Jude.One odd thing is that the singles are good , but the rest feels like filler . Although I consider The Girl In The Dirty Shirt and Fade In/Out excellent , in comparison to the powerful Do n't Go Away and cheery Stand By Me , they look like jumped up B-sides . So the album comes to seem like a collection of rather substandard songs stretched to stupid length . And Magic Pie comes as the token-song-I-hate . For ... Morning Glory it was Hey Now . Here it 's Magic Pie . Long , dull , no discernable message ... it 's just Noel rambling , knowing what he 's talking about and not caring if we 're clueless . Even so , it 's Liam 's favourite of the album . I guess it just bores me.There 's still quality here . The title track is good , and It 's Getting ' Better -LRB- Man !! -RRB- is wonderfully fresh after All Around the World . But the album desperately needs to have been more sensible , more contained . Oasis need to remember that although good , and now infamous , they 're not Gods . And that no-one short of some infinitely patient monk living in a mountain would have patience to sit through 70 minutes of overblown B-Side-esque material . Easily their weakest album .
 `` Be Here Now '' does have its moments -LRB- `` D'You Know What I Mean '' , `` My Big Mouth '' , `` Stand By Me '' , and `` Do n't Go Away '' -RRB- along with a few lesser tracks -LRB- `` All Around The World '' and `` It 's Getting Better Man '' -RRB- and a true dog -LRB- `` Magic Pie '' -RRB- , but it 's just another example of what happens when you 're worth $ 40,000,000 , the cocaine supply is never-ending -LRB- Noel Gallagher has admitted this and stopped using -RRB- , and you ask how long a CD is -LRB- 74 minutes -RRB- and you say , `` Well , let 's fill the < expletive > up '' . The production is awful . Knobs-up , full stop . Layers and layers of squalling guitars . All hints of subtleness are gone except for the end part of `` Do n't Go Away '' . The band still rocks out , but the sound is harsh.I almost gave it three stars because of the decent songs on here , but I 've got to deduct one star for the `` Phil Spector with hearing damage '' style of production . Sorry guys . Find a better producer next time out .
 This album is horrible . It is nothing but a poorly written , poorly sung series of mediocre pop tunes that neither have a shred of originality or intellegence . It is also loud , noisy , and totally unlistenable.What I really hate is when groups use studio noise like feedback and screeching on their records . They use plenty of that here . The songs are also totally meaningless , having none of the depth and style that a lot of British bands are famous for . Liam Gallagher , hailed as a god by Oasis fans , is a mediocre vocalist at the best of times , his voice is terribly whiny and annoying . Noel is the better singer , but not by much.Musically , there is nothing outstanding here . The Beatles influence is obvious , but these guys have none of the talent that The Beatles had . The Beatles knew how to make good music and to write good songs , Oasis just think they can . At around 75 minutes , this album is 50 minutes longer than it needed to be . If you hear one song on this album , you 've heard them all.The first two Oasis albums were great , my question is
 I 'm never a nasty person , and I know that on his day Noel Gallagher writes not just classic songs like Cigarettes and Alcohol but whole albums of them like Definitely Maybe . But PLEASE ! This was so mind-numbingly awful that by the time I got to the eighth track I wanted to -LRB- JOKING !!!! -RRB- get that guitar and WRAP IT ROUND HIS NECK ! It was that bad . Even the stand-out tracks Stand By Me and Be Here Now are pitiful copies of their earlier songs like Married With Children and Shakermaker . The rest - well ... do you really fancy hearing `` Wonderwall '' twelve times every time you put the album on?If there had been a category lower than one star it would have more accurately described my reaction to this album .
 Brand Here NowThe older pop gets , the more constrained to age groups its appeal becomes . Young people have own youth cultures just like we had -LRB- and still do -RRB- had ours . Perhaps this explains why you 'd have to put me in a straitjacket and tie to a chair t o m ake me listen to Be Here Now again . For me it is unfathomable how a record as substanceless as Be Here Now can have such a broad appeal . I thought Definitely Maybe had some punky appeal and real attitiude but the bigger Oasis became , the hollower the i r mu sic sounded . Be Here Now is the sound of a band that could do what they wanted - Carte Blanche - and what do they choose to do ? They become 1967-era Beatles Mk . II . Paul McCartney once said how sad he was about all these bands trying so hard to sound like the Beatles . Surely the point is to try and accomplish something new and exciting -LRB- like Beck , Tortoise , Labradford and Jim O'Rourke -RRB- . The songwriting-by-numbers approach of Noel Gallagher sometimes comes up trumps , but how a whole generation can embrace this as one of the best albums of all time is indicative of one of two things
 Oasis achieved phenomenal success with the release of their 1995 album '' -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory , '' but then followed the unfortunate trend of having their next album suffer . Still , `` Be Here Now '' has its moments . The best song on here is obviously `` All Around the World '' . It 's long , pretentious , and has a stunning music video to go along with it ; it 's reminiscent of the Guns N ' Roses ' song `` November Rain '' . The album also houses `` The Girl in the Dirty Shirt , '' which is the nasaliest of any song Liam 's sung before or since . The rest of the album is mostly just OK , making this a major disappointment given the brilliance of their last album . Oasis completists will want this album ; everybody else would be wise to just buy `` All Around the World '' as a single and leave it at that .
 I waited , and waited , and waited for this highly anticapated album last August . It finally came on August 26th and that anticapation turned into dissapointment . Do n't get me wrong , I tried real hard to like this album . I listened to it over and over again , hoping I could will it to be another `` What 's the Story Morning Glory ? '' . But , the story was Be Here Now was n't here at all . I do n't know if was just me , but the music on this album seemed , uh , forced . The music , the lyrics , the album seemed forced . It seems like these guys where trying way too hard to be like that great band from England in the past , come on we know who they are . But , the truth is Oasis was no where near that level with this album . It seemed more like a cheap imitation of fine quality prouduct . It seemed kind of thrown together and the music and lyrics seemed repetitive . Well , it just was n't a good album . We all know the potenial of these guys ; Morning glory was great album . But , the question is , can these guys get there act together and stop bickering put out some good albums like Morning Glory ? I do n't know . I guess only time will tell . But , if they continue putting albums together like this one it does n't look hopeful .
 I bought 4 dvd 's from the real wheels collection and was very disappointed . Lots of commentary and very little shots of things in action . Did not keep the attention of my preschooler -- or the adults watching with him .
 I ordered this cd with another one from the same artist.This one was used and the other one was supposed to be brand new but the cds were terrible , they appeared to be scratched and they keep skeeping when i try to play them.I would n't recommend them
 The music is fun and purely Mann , but the transfer to CD is obviously direct from a record on a turntable and with all the inherent noise . You will be disappointed with the sound quality sad to say .
 I purchased this CD thinking it would be a one-of-a-kind CD but I was terribly dissapointed . I wo n't even go into detail about the selection of tracks used by this DJ who is extremely boring . He calls this party music , ha ha ha . Also , I accidentally ended up at the Fire Island 2 for LBGP & this DJ happenned to be playing on a Saturday night . Let me tell you , the tracks he used literally skipped as he was trying to mix them . This DJ does n't have any new material to mix . Masterbeat must not care about achieving good quality music .
 First of all , the title of this CD is somewhat misleading . If you are expecting to hear the `` best '' of what you might remember hearing from albums released by Columbia in the 1960s , for the most part you will not hear what you expect . Only 5 of the 16 tracks are from originally released lps . Two of the tracks are from a 1967 Irish Uprising box set , which the group , among other contributed to . One track is from 1992 's Luck of the Irish CD , although recorded in the 60s , not released until then . The remainder of the tracks are from 1995 's Ai n't It Grand Boys CD , which again although recorded in the 60s was not released until then.Secondly , if you happen to own Ai n't It Grand Boys , Super Hits , Wrap the Green Flag , and Irish Drinking Songs -LRB- all recent CD compilations of 1960s material -RRB- , you already own every song on this CD . Granted the sound quality is improved , but when one considers that there are over 100 songs officially released by Columbia in the 1960s that have not yet made it to CD reissue , one wonders why Columbia/Legacy insist on re-releasing material that has already been released . It just does n't make sense.To add insult to injury , the CD liner notes , as per usual with the Legacy CD reissues is full of errors . The most glaring ones on this release is the reference to two songs being from an album entitled `` Live and Lusty '' that was supposedly released in 1964 , but which , in fact , was never released as Columbia decided to record and release a live album recorded in Ireland instead . One of the songs supposedly from this album is included on the Ai n't It Grand Boys CD and there it says it was previously unreleased.The Clancys deserve much better and perhaps Sony should let someone who knows the history of the group put together the next compilation .
 The fan fom Las Vegas sums up beautifully how Sony has failed to do justice to this important group . If the Sony Legacy executives ever get the insight and energy to attempt to issue a compilation that actually is the best of , they might consider involving the surviving artists , Liam Clancy and Tommy Makem . It 's their art , after all . Insted , we get a falsely-labelled package that is just another piece of big label product timed to meet the March demand for Irish music . It 's good stuff because the artists are great , but it is certainly not `` the best . `` In picking as `` the best '' mostly outakes released by Sony in the 1990 's rather than the original stuff issued and sold in the 1960 's , the compilers have ignored great songs -LRB- and albums -RRB- , including -LRB- from `` The First Hurrah ! '' -RRB- The Leaving of Liverpool , The Mermaid , the original and superior Gallant Forty-Twa , -LRB- from `` The Boys Wo n't Leave the Girls Alone '' -RRB- I 'll Tell My Ma , South Australia -LRB- later covered by the Pogues -RRB- , the Holy Ground , Rothsea-O , Will Ye Go , Lassie , Go ? , -LRB- from `` Is n't It Grand Boys '' -RRB- Galway Races , Nancy Whisky , Galway City and the original and superior version of the title cut , -LRB- from `` Home Boys Home '' -RRB- Old Maid in the Garrett , New South Wales , Four Green Fields.Of the 16 cuts on this compilation , 11 are live , but excluded are superior live songs from `` A Spontaneous Performance Recording ! '' -LRB- The Moonshiner , Tim Finnegan 's Wake , Reilly 's Daughter -RRB- , `` Freedom 's Sons '' -LRB- Green in the Green -RRB- , `` Recorded Live In Ireland ! '' -LRB- Wild Rover , Beggar Man , Butcher Boy -RRB- , `` In Concert '' -LRB- MacAlpine 's Fuzilliers , Red Haired Mary -RRB- . Other great songs MIA
 In August of 1995 , I saw a very detatched Liam Clancy , leaning on a railing in Milwaukee . I mentioned the recent `` Ai n't It Grand '' release , and Mr. Clancy became extremely animated and proclaimed that , `` They were suing Columbia/Legacy over that release . `` A year later , brother Paddy said that they had dropped the litigation , since all Columbia 's recordings that they made , were , in essence Columbia 's property . End of story.Oddly enough , Columbia/Legacy circled the wagons and left them circled after that little tiff . I am sure that the logistics of defending one 's self against a suit are extremely resource heavy . But , two consecutive rehashes of the first five C/L releases tries my patience in extremis!I recently acquired a new pc with virtually unlimited hard drive , and have succeeded in doing what I had hoped C/L would do . I have transcribed to hard disc , every Clancy/Makem recording from `` Spontanious Performance '' to `` Flowers Of The Valley '' , including a rather neat re editing of the two record `` Easter Rebellion '' album . Does this mean that I will never again purchase a Columbia/Legacy release of `` Clancy/Makem Treasures '' ? NO!I am secretly hoping for a massive compilation , similar to the Simon & Garfunkel re issue . That would be , all the basic Columbia albums from 1961 to 1970 , with little recordings like `` Young Cassidy '' and `` Brennan On The Moor '' and `` The Bonny Earl Of Moray '' included . If you are contemplating such an undertaking , please , communicate with us who hunger . Do n't cling to re releasing the same nucleus of songs , time and time again . Take any one of five `` live '' albums and re issue them the way you did Pete Seeger . We 'd die for a taste of that ! You are sitting on a treasure trove of music . Please , share it with those who truly appreciate it!Thank you .
 This rating is not about the performances , which are amazing as always . The rating comes from the fact that Columbia decides to continuously reissue the same material , most of which is not that great compared to other versions of the same songs . It is a true shame that Columbia seems to think that no one would be interested in a complete reissue of the catalog of music . It is even more frustrating when you see titles on this CD like , `` Royal Canal '' , and think `` Wow , this must be from `` Bold Fenian Men '' , only to find out it 's an inferior release from `` Ai n't it Grand ? '' Same with `` Old Orange Flute '' . We would much prefer the version from `` Live in Ireland '' . And how about some other fantastic songs that ARE greatest hits ?? Columbia , you should hang your head in shame . `` Ai n't it Grand ? '' I Think Not !
 `` When The Clancy Brothers ' albums were being released on CD , several of the above albums were never transferred to that format . Multiple `` greatest hits '' and other such collections currently make up the majority of their CD catalog , often with high redundancy . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Well said !
 I bought one of these copies a long time ago , before I knew more about buying CD 's . Please do n't be fooled by all the big , recognizable names of songs here . None of these are original recordings . They 're all done by session -LRB- imitation -RRB- singers and production is clearly low-budget -LRB- likely , all done on one synthesizer and a computer -RRB- . The sound of these recordings will literally make you sick , and leave you feeling ripped-off . Please do n't waste your money on this . Also , beware of other albums out there just like these . A good indication that the album is a rip-off like this one is that it will have several well-known , popular songs on it , but none of the artists ' names are listed . And if it comes in a box set and the price is too good to believe ... well ... do n't believe it ; it 's an imitation . And lastly , in my experience , 80 % of the imitation compilations out there are made in Canada , and proudly say so on the back of the CD . Keep these things in mind , and you wo n't be disappointed .
 These songs do n't sound like they 're being sung by original artists ... sloppy sounding , cheap sounding as well . Sound quality is overall cheap and low . Worth far less than the price !
 As an old fan of PP&M , I recently purchased one of the original albums -LRB- The Best of PP&M -RRB- and decided to get this album as well . The origianl sound track was so pure , their voices blending together with a clarity that is only PP&M . However , A Holiday Celebration is not the old PP&M . Time has taken its toll on their voices and the now PP&M are without the purity of tone that they had in their younger days . It was OK but not that top notch quality I love so much .
 You know , I guess it could n't have lasted forever , could it ? I mean , how does a band in the span of five years release three amazing rock records and a stellar B-Side comp?I guess a bit of back story if involved . In the summer of 1997 Oasis was one of the biggest rock bands around , and their third album `` Be Here Now '' was one of the most anticipated records of the year . It was released and sold well and got pretty high marks from critics . But by years end , it was apparent that Oasis , at least in the minds of many music fan , had worn out their wlecome , their bravado growing tired , and in the year of `` OK Computer '' , out of time and place -LRB- though this was n't my sentiment -RRB- . So Oasis went away , releasing a B-Side comp `` The Masterplan '' a year later , and then nothing . For two years , witht the exception of Bonehead , the bald guitarist , and Guigsy , master of the four string , leaving the band.So when `` Standing on the Shouldar of Giants '' was finally released in the early winter of 2000 , I was there the day it came out , forked over my fifteen dollars , and headed home , excited and anxious.And to say I was immensly dissapointed by what I found when the record was finished is a major understatement . Gone were the anthemic choruses , the melodic guitar breaks , the attitude , the bravado , the SONGS . `` Standing on the Shouldar Giants '' is essentially neo-psychedlic , but its also immensly boring and trite.Granted `` F ***** in the Bushes '' gets the blood flowing properly , but from there its all downhill , and its all downhill quickly . `` Go Let It Out '' features some of Noel 's most ridiculous lyrics , except this time the song backing them is boring , uninspired and worst off all lacks any memorable hook . `` Who Feels Love ? '' is a crappy rendition of a later period Bealtes song with psudo-hippie like lyrics , if only they did n't feel so arrogant and false . `` I Can See A Liar '' and `` Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is '' try to reach `` Morning Glory '' - esque heights , but are little more that barely carved out riffs without the melody , a fact he tries to cover up with studio trickery that just does n't work for the band . And Liam 's first attempt at songwritting , the `` Hey Jude '' like `` Little James '' , fails to create a memorable melody . I do n't doubt the songs sincerity , even if the lyrics are elementary at best , but I just no there is n't enough going on to warrent a second listen.Another drastic problem with the C.D. relates back to Liam , one of the most underrated singers in rock of the past twenty years , and that being he appears on only seven of the records ten songs . I am of the feeling that if you have one of the best singers of his generations if your ranks then you use him by God every chance you can , ecspeccially since Liam seems to be the only one putting in any effort at all . To add insult to energy , the two Noel sung ditties , the Neil Young-esque `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' -LRB- which should 've been the title of this record -RRB- and `` Sunday Morning Call '' , are put right next to it , making you wonder where Liam has gone off too . `` Standing on the Shouldar of Giants '' is not a transistional record , but rather a bad one . There is little interesting going on here , no good melodies to bring you back , and no sense that Oasis even care anymore about their craft.Noel sang it once in 1995 , and it became all the obvious on this record
 easily the most disappointing cd I 've bought this year . Time for this band to split up or think seriously about the music they 're putting out as this album is plain awful .
 I put off buying this for a long time , partly because of my lingering disappointment with `` Be Here Now '' and partly because I had yet to hear a really good track from it . Finally I decided that I enjoyed `` Who Feels Love '' enough to make the purchase , fully aware that most of this album would likely be useless . Unfortunately I was right . There are two other real high points here , sung by Noel , `` Where Did It All Go Wrong '' and `` Sunday Morning Call '' . It seems odd that Noel is now singing the best songs , as Liam has a much more interesting voice . One can only hope that perhaps WDIAGW will be released as a single with a re-recorded vocal by Liam . The only other track that is of any real lasting value here is the first single `` Go Let It out '' . Other than than it is all pretty dismal . `` Little James '' sounds like a very bad parody of `` Hey Jude '' , and someone at the record company should have put a stop to this before it was included in the final track listing . The rest of the tracks vary between quite bad , and moderately boring . Is this album better than `` Be Here Now '' ? Well , yes , and no . It sounds much better due to its production style , and the 4 good tracks have been kept to a reasonable length . The two biggest problems with BHN are that all the tracks sound terrible due to the production , and all the tracks are too long . However , the quality of the songs on BHN is actually much higher throughout . I know this is ridiculous to say , but if they took the six best tracks from BHN , and recorded shorter versions of them , then added those to the four best tracks on this album , the would actually have an album on the level their first two . The biggest concern here is that Noel seems to be running out of ideas . The only hope for Oasis in the future it seems , is to let Andy Bell write many of their songs . Imagine something like `` Step Into My World '' with Liam singing . That would be cool !
 While many believe that ` SOTSOG ' is better than their last offering , I must disagree . Be Here Now was also pretty poor -LRB- too much of the same style and lacked any decent songs -RRB- , but it was a more honest album of Oasis rock songs . Unfortunately , Noel has run out of ideas . SOTSOG is more interesting , but only for some of the production techniques used . But interesting is no substitute for quality ; it only helps to mask the inadequacy of the songs themselves . Oasis ' best efforts are now well behind them , especially the outstanding , punky , original , ` Definitely , Maybe ' and two songs from What 's the Story ... -LRB- Wonderwall and the title track -RRB- . On the current album , the opening track is a pearl . Interestinlgly , it is an instrumental -LRB- Noels lyrics are getting more and more predictable -RRB- which whets the listners appetite and makes you think ` the boys are back ' . Even the first few bars of Go Let it Out make you shift on your seat as you start to believe that Be Here Now was just a one-off . However , the song breaks down at the middle eight , which bears no connection to the rest of the song , and the album deteriorates from this point . Who Feels Love is far too obvious and ` Little James ' is a thoroughly laughable attempt at ` Hey Jude ' -LRB- writing a children 's song for an adult album is difficult at the best of times . Apart from McCartney , only Walter becker has achieved this with ` Little Kawai ' -RRB- . The rest of the album is intantly forgettable , apart from ` Gas Panic ' , which is a classic Noel song.I 'm afraid they have lost it , and there is no returning . If I was Noel , I would go solo . His voice is getting better all the time , his more reflective songs are now the pick of the crop and Liam 's voice is now monotonal -LRB- unlike the first album , where it had it all -RRB- .
 Having been a fan of Oasis since almost literally day one -LRB- I saw them for 5 bucks at the old 9:30 Club in DC -RRB- , I have followed this band VERY closely ... bought all the b-sides , etc. . This album is mediocre . There are maybe 3 or 4 songs that are worth listening to over and over again . It is stale , there is not much of a new direction at all except for the first -LRB- explicit -RRB- track . Buy this used , or find it as a promo , but do n't drop $ 17 . Liam sounds good , but if you 're looking for more songs like `` Wonderwall '' or even `` Do n't Go Away '' , you wo n't find them here . And NOTHING here matches the brilliance of `` Definitely Maybe '' , which is still probably their finest moment .
 It seems that they have always tried to be like The Beatles in everyway of their career . They keep telling everyone they are greater than Jesus - the world only took note when The Beatles said it . This album is REALLY disappointing and shows the weak -LRB- est ? -RRB- side of Oasis ... great sound when snapped .
 Where did it all go wrong is right ! Where to start with how disappointing this eagerly awaited album is ? For all the people who say that SOTSOG is a work of genius I 've got five words for you
 ... but that has to be one of the worst album titles ever conceived . Apparently the giants only have one shoulder between them ?
 I like the first 2 oasis albuns ... but this one in my opinion is the WORST of all oasis albuns ... man , there 's not really a great track ... Besides , this is the album that really takes the attention of the audience from oasis ...
 `` be here now '' and now this . how many more thoroughly ordinary oasis albums will we rush out and buy before we forget how good `` morning glory '' was ? this is yet another oasis album that starts with a couple of catchy openers , then descends into samey , oasisey , beatlesy nothingness until you realize the cd stopped ten minutes ago . maybe if you do n't buy this one , they 'll try harder next time .
 Well , it 's bloody Oasis , innit ? I 'll give them points for at least playing guitar rock when the rest of the world has moved on to rap metal or teenybop , but there are only two good songs ! Is this all they 've come up with in the two and a half years since Be Here Now ? And if ever there was a band that should NOT include their lyrics , it 's these guys ... I mean , Little James is cringe inducing . If you like Oasis , borrow it , tape the second and third songs , and go buy the new XTC record . The rest of these songs are rehashed , reheated stuff ... the usual mid-tempo chuggers that never go anywhere , but go on way too long ... sorry guys ... this sounds totally bereft of inspiration ...
 I 'm a big Oasis fan , but this album just falls flat . It only has ten tracks . . It opens with an instrumental -LRB- a rockin ' one , at that -RRB- . . and 3 of the remaining 9 songs are pretty horrible . These are `` Little James , '' the Doors rip off `` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' and the lame `` I Can See A Liar -LRB- Sitting by the Fire -RRB- . `` The album has several highlights . . `` Go Let It Out , '' `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' and `` Roll It Over '' are worth the price of admission.This album is n't much of a band effort since 40 % of the group left before the recording and Noel did most of it himself . Noel sings all but one of the album 's b-sides and ruins some songs like `` Sunday Morning Call '' and the b-side `` Just Getting Older '' with bombastic choir backing vocals . . He almost ruins `` Roll It Over , '' but pulls it off.They pick it up a bit after that . . their next album only had two bad songs . . -LRB- the last two -RRB- and then `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' was a total gem !
 Well , there 're always the bands that evolve and change their styles . You may or may not like them , or like their style at the beginning but not later phases , and vice-versa . But this album is completely different than every other Oasis album . It has a completely different sound -LRB- I 'm not saying it 's bad - not my taste to be honest - but some people might like it -RRB- . If you 're looking for `` Oasis Sound '' albuns , you 're looking in the wrong place . The sound here is noisy , you can see it was not worked on.In my opinion , Oasis felt too big for their own good , and thought people would like and buy anything they did - so `` why bother with the lyrics , clear sound and instrumentality that got us here ? '' Well , at least it 's the feeling I got.I 'm a huge Oasis fan from day 1 . My true , honest opinion is
 This must be the most disappointing compilation of music -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- of all time.I bought this album thinking that Oasis might still live up to their reputation as the best british rock band around and I was amazed to find that I would rather be listening to Eminem HA!The two brothers that were once the backbone of my favourite band have lost all their charisma and swaggaer . Noel is obiously trying to keep the band alive , but failing miserably and Liam doesnt seem to be trying to do anything `` Little James '' is the most embarassing song I have ever heard . It sounds like a dragged out , drunken nusery rhyme , thank you for displaying your amazing linguistic skills Liam . `` Put yer money where your mouth is '' is just taking the p ** s , I actually laughed out loud when i heard it `` Put yer money where yer mouth is , your momma said that you was real '' what a joke , I was amazed to hear that Noel wrote it . `` Gas Panic ! '' and `` Go let it out '' show hints of the Beatles-like tunes that made up Definitely Maybe but there is not one song on the album that I would really want to listen to , unlike on Morning Glory , where there is not one song that I WOULDNT want to listen to.I was thoroughly annoyed with this album and I wouldnt advise that you waste your time or money on it , it is a good thing that they redeemed themselves slightly with Heathen Chemistry and more so with Dont believe the Truth .
 Hello Oasis listeners , I 'm a huge fan of theirs and have a collection of 28 cds -LRB- singles , demos , b-sides , lps -RRB- . I 've listened to every released and unreleased song of theirs and have been to 6 shows in the US . I love Oasis and think they 're one of the greatest band in the world , but this album is not their best effort.Gas Panic , Where Did It All Go Wrong , Roll It Over , and Go Let It Out are the albums only major good points . I Can See a Liar and Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is sound too raspy and quite unfinished , the lyrics great either -LRB- these songs added to album at Liam 's personal request -RRB- . Be Here Now -LRB- LP 1997 -RRB- had much better heavy rock songs on it . Little James is a catchy tune , but with almost embarassing lyrics . It is a good effort by Liam at songwriting though , and the song seems to end just as it gets momentum.I believe that this album is a good indicator of how Oasis is looking into coming up with a slightly different sound , and that is good news . The addition of Gem Archer and Andy Bell will undoubtably add a great deal of song writting talent and music ability to the group -LRB- as Noel has said repeatedly -RRB- . Guigsy and Bonehead will be missed though.Overall , not the greatest Oasis album by far , but it is worth the buy if you want to hear a slightly different sound from Oasis . Make sure to see them this year on tour , I 'll see you at the shows . Cheers .
 I 'm going to quote REM on this one ... `` Standing on the shoulders of giants leaves me cold ''
 Mr Williams got it right . RIP Oasis
 THis band is a disgrace to rock 'n roll . THeir arrogance is clearly demonstrated in this lousy album , in which they only copy their idols . Sad .
 I am not a fan , I do n't like Oasis , I never did . They did have some good melody , now , even that is gone with the wind . The single ` Go Let It Out ` is supposed to be a progressive move for them , it sounds like they have been hanging around with the Beta Band for a long time , it would be good if they had the latter 's standard . Poor imitation ! They are trying very hard to sound like bands like Pink Floyd or the Beta Band , not Beatles anymore ? People move on ? Have these people grown smarter ? NO WAY !! They are still stubborn and stuck-up as ever . Feel like doing them justice now , Liam has good voice and if he wants to , he can really do some fantastic stuff like what Thom Yorke does to his voice , in a different way , of course . Back to the subject , this is a terrible album , by anybody 's standard , yet it still sells better than Beta Band . Is n't it ironic ?
 Ya thought What 's the story was a stupid cd , think again . This cd takes the cake as the most stupid cd this year has released . I hate Oasis and it 's arrogance . I hate every cd they 've ever released . I 'm glad I 've only bought 2 . Stay away !
 Many of the reviewers of this album have the opinion that true Oasis fans will like this release . Although I may not be as hardcore a fan as some , I still own all their albums and consider one of the best bands of the 90 's . Entering the new decade , however , I think they could have done better . For the most part , this album does not have the upbeat , catchy feel of past albums such as the masterpiece `` Morning Glory '' and the epic-sounding if somewhat repititious `` Be Here Now . '' So be warned . But for those who do love this band so extensively , you probably will find a few numbers here that may make this purchase worthwhile to complete your collection , if nothing else . `` Go Let It Out '' and `` Gas Panic ! '' are two worthwhile singles , although they fall short of many of the songs proclaimed to be B-Sides on the Masterplan CD . And `` Sunday Morning Call '' is serenely beautiful and catchy in its own right . Die-hard fans may want to pick this one up , but casual listeners or newbies ought to pick up their best releases first . Any one of the previously mentioned albums would apply .
 What IS this ??!! Effing in the bushes is what I would expect to hear on some William S. Burroughs/rock star of the moment project ... tripe ! The remainder of this record is formulaic and uninspired ... it 's no wonder that the rest of the band abandoned this project and the band so they could salvage their dignity . It 's too bad , because I used to buy anything with Oasis ' name on it whether I 'd heard it or not . Those days are over , just as it seems the band 's are .
 First , I should say that I have n't yet heard any of the Oasis records made after this one . Like most people I got into Oasis -LRB- as well as Blur -RRB- during the Definitely Maybe/Morning Glory years . When I heard `` Be Here Now '' I could n't help wondering if the band had lost its edge . I liked The Master Plan a lot , but as it was more a loose collection of B-sides than an album in its own right , I did n't read it as indicative of a specific musical direction.By the time I bought a cassette of SOTSOG during an April 2000 trip to the UK , my Britpop tastes had moved on to Stereophonics , Belle & Sebastian and Badly Drawn Boy . I listened to that cassette in my rental car all during the trip . I was n't crazy about it . I really liked a couple songs , but when I got back to the US I put the tape away and rarely ever listened to it until a few weeks ago.So , my take on SOTSOG : Noel Gallagher has always written trite lyrics , but the triteness was forgivable because his songs had great hooks and were loud and noisy and made you want to jump around . SOTSOG shows that when Noel goes mellow , his lyrics quickly go from innocuous to annoying - and these songs generally are n't hooky enough to compensate.Letting Liam join the songwriting guild was not a smart remedial step ; at this stage , Liam 's simply a juvenile songwriter . I do n't oppose the mellowing of Oasis , but if they are going to turn the noise down they 're going to have to ratchet up the hook quotient or come up with some more sophisticated lyrics . Noel 's mellow tunes on The Master Plan -LRB- `` Going Nowhere '' , `` The Masterplan '' -RRB- came closer to achieving this balance.That said , the album has a few highlights . The Celtic raga-hymn `` Who Feels Love '' is one of the band 's best songs , ever ; since the CD-single of this song is more expensive than SOTSOG , the album is worth buying for this one song alone . Also , `` Go Let It Out '' is pretty much vintage Oasis , bright and crisp.I like where Noel Gallagher is going . I 'm interested to see if Oasis ' post-SOTSOG output is better .
 oasis had its glory days -LRB- i.e. definitely maybe and what 's the story morning glory -RRB- but now they 're DEAD and GONE . it all went downhill with be here now . just because they 've maintained their sound from the said previous albums -LRB- which is n't even necessarily a good thing -RRB- does n't mean this album is good . go let it out would n't have even been deemed worthy of release if it had been on what 's the story morning glory . now they 're just a waste of airtime and money .
 Sadly the answer to that question is a big fat NO ! This cd does n't sound like Oasis , does n't look like Oasis , it just happens to say Oasis on the cover . What happened to the band you ask , i 'll tell you . Two of the band 's guitarists , Bonehead and Guigsy , quit . Only Noel , Liam , and Alan White -LRB- the drummer -RRB- remain . Although I guess they did happen to find a couple of stiffs to replace them . But they sound nothing like they used to . Gone are the crunching guitars and brash vocals . The only song that sounds close to their old stuff is Go Let It Out but , it 's not even close to Supersonic or D'Ya Know What I Mean . Everybody complained about Be Here Now -LRB- their last album -RRB- but at least it was Oasis . I do n't understand why they would change so much . I mean even the black and white Oasis logo is gone . What 's up with that ? One of the reviewers said that these songs reflect the changing face of Oasis , with a darker and more complex personality . What is that supposed to mean ? I liked them when they just wrote good rock songs that you could crank up on your stereo . And to all of you who say Oasis is back i 'd like to ask you a question . Have you ever heard Definately Maybe , What 's the Story , or Be Here Now .
 actually not even average at times , that 's why i give it 2 stars . satisfactory but not comparable to their previous work , which can be astounding at its best . buy only if you feel you must try every Oasis cd there is . the last Cd was much better though , and that says a lot ...
 I 'm an Oasis fan from Spain -LRB- sorry for my horrible english -RRB- , and I was really disappointed when I listened this album for the first time . There are 4 or 5 good songs -LRB- none of which are excellent -RRB- and that was not what I expected . I think the other 3 albums are great -LRB- even Be Here Now , which by the way is my favourite Oasis album -RRB- and they do n't deserve to share discography with SITSOG . Hope Noel gets the message for the next time . Did you know this is the best-seller cd in the second-hand shops in London ?
 Thank god their current tour saved them from the void this album causes . The opening track , '' **** in ' in the Bushes '' , actually starts off the album well enough . The following track , `` Go Let It Out , '' is typical Oasis anthem rock . `` Who Feels Love ? '' That 's when the album manages to go downhill ... it 's general horrible sitar-inspired music which calls Cornershop up to mind , though there 's no way it can even top them . Skip the next track , onto `` Little James . '' I 'm glad Liam had the chance to finally have a track on the album which was not only sang but written by him , but come on ? The title along brings on the thought of `` Hey Jude '' to your ears . `` Gas Panic ! '' is n't that bad of a song , which basically consists of Noel reminiscing on how it was back when he was heavily into drugs . The poor guy . Skip the next track , onto `` Sunday Morning Call . '' I have no idea why anyone thinks this song is good . It 's boring . It 's not worth the space on the album . And as for `` I Can See A Liar , '' I think these lyrics are enough explanation for it
 I was a big fan of What 's the Story ... I believe it 's one of one of the top three albums of the nineties . I even liked Be Here Now -- while not a musical or creative marterpiece , it had some catchy pop tunes that played well -LRB- e.g. , Do n't Go Away , All Around the World -RRB- . Despite somehwat better reviews for SOTSHOG than BHN , I think the album sucks . It is completely devoid of creativity . Not one song jumped out at me . After a listen , I have absolutley no interest in hearing any of the songs again . They are boring ! Further , Liam 's vocal style is growing really tiresome . The band should dump him and let Noel take care of all lead vocal duties -LRB- the songs that he fronts on the album are at least somewhat bearable -RRB- .
 Oasis were never really the most talented or imaginative band , but they wrote good pop songs that made sense 5 years ago . But this ? It 's overblown , uninspired MOR rock . Why buy this imitation when you can buy the real thing , or , shock horror , something new and imaganitive -LRB- check out Primal Scream ... -RRB-
 Easily the worst album -LRB- they 're ONLY bad album -RRB- , SOTSOG is so unbelievably disappointing that it makes Be Here Now look brilliant . For any new fans of Oasis -LRB- how can there be when this is what they put out ? -RRB- , go buy Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory , two of the best rock albums ever made by the former-best-band-in-the-world . Only two songs on this album truly shine and those are `` Who Feels Love ? '' and lil ' Liam 's `` Little James '' . The rest is mostly average-to-poor by Oasis ' standards , ESPECIALLY `` Gas Panic ! '' , `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' and `` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' ! What happened to the band that gave us `` Whatever '' and `` Live Forever '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' and `` Digsy 's Dinner '' ? Yes , Oasis , rest in piece .
 Just -LSB- garbage -RSB- . They fail . This was Oasis ' last chance - I wo n't ever bother listening to their lousy records again . This is so ineffably lame , so uninspired ... why did they bother?Apart from some impressive production , there 's next to nothing worth listening to here . There 's some half-hearted attempts to clone `` Wonderwall '' which leave them sounding more like Chicago than the Beatles , and then of course there 's Liam 's songwriting debut , a touching -LRB- read
 Oasis has spent too Much Time trying to SOund Like The Beatles & Bits of The ROlling Stones.I have Never Gotten The Oasis thing.they Lack any Kind Of Originality.This Album Just Sounds Like Poor Left-Over Beatle Tracks that were kept in the Vaults for a Reason.In Fact i Got the Perfect Solution for Oasis : Get Puffy to Produce You SInce Both acts Just take from Original SOurces with No mind of Originality.Oasis Has n't changed much at all and that 's the Problem.they have n't been around that Long for Formula .
 It breaks my heart when heavyweights fail to deliver . We had pinned our hopes on Noel and Liam . Indeed , I thought they might represent the most brilliant part of the future of rock and roll . But this is their worst album , with only two good songs , Go Let It Out and Who Feels Love . It 's all the more heartbreaking that these two tracks are so fine , because it suggests what Oasis might have been . Maybe if their next album is good it can salvage their place in the pantheon . But we 'd been literally aching for THIS one . Their output since the magnificent What 's The Story now seems to prove that they ca n't consistently deliver . And that 's the difference between artists of historic proportions , and those who had a good album or two .
 Once again with baited breath we awaited the return of the ` saviours ' of British rock music-Oasis and I have to say what a disappointment.Firstly I 'm a keen fan of British rock music and a fan of Oasis.The first album received rave reviews , the second one was greeted with a sort of backlash-one magazine slated it and then realising they had made a terrible misjudgement proceeded to name it their album of the year!Then came ` Be Here Now ' and the press realising Oasis now had considerable clout -LRB- how do you get Gallagher bros. to appear on the cover of your magazine if you pan their album -RRB- gave it great reviews.O.K . it was n't the worst album but it was n't a patch on ` Whats The Story ... ' . Now we have the new album ` Standing on the shoulders of giants ` and most magazines give it very favourable reviews.I feel totally conned by these reviews as it by far their worst album yet.Once again the same 10 song format , once again the same Beatle influenced sound , once again the same awful lyrics -LRB- most notably on Liam 's ` Little James ' - ` You live for your toys.Even though they make noise ' - hopefully in a few years James might start writing the lyrics for his Dad -RRB- , once again their album concludes with the Oasis ` anthem ' . Oasis on this album sound tired.No catchy rock songs bar the single ` Go Let It Out ' . Even Liam 's singing which is normally excellent lacks it 's usual punch and attitude.The group seem to have put out an album which is going through the motions.The few glimmers of hope suprisingly come from the two songs sung by Noel songs 7 +8 . I do n't no where Oasis go from here-hopefully not on the long slippery slope to dinosaur rock domain.All I do know is that in a years time the British music press will call this album for what it is - a tremendous disappointment .
 A low point . Listening to this album , one can only pray they go back to drinking and drugging themselves to death - when they did they had a much better run at the compositions . You can really see they want to be the Beatles in this album ... let 's hope Yoko Ono will break them up .
 I 'm a big Oasis fan . I was one of those few people who actually thought `` Be Here Now '' was brilliant , but this stinks . Only `` Go Let it Out '' even sounds like Oasis , the rest of the stuff is downright odd , and usually bad . Liam is n't even on 3 of the 10 songs , and , unfortunately , those are 3 that actually show some promise . But , without Liam , they sound flat and lifeless . If you want to hear just how bad a song Oasis can make , just listen to `` Little James '' it must be some sort of inside joke , beacuse it is truly horrible . Buy the single , but leave the album alone .
 The brothers Gallagher and crew blistered out of the ether in 1994 with the quintessential angry young Brit declaration Definitely Maybe to become the celebrated Beatles/Clash progeny of the U.K. music scene . Their follow , 1995 's glittery and poignant Lennonesque meditation What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- , affirmed Oasis ' as gods of the new music movement and flag-bearing saviours of the Brit music scene . But it 's all been downhill from there . Drugs , egos , money and two impossibly bad albums -LRB- Be Here Now and the B-side/rarity compendium Masterplan -RRB- find Oasis at the crossroads with Standing On the Shoulder Of Giants . The verdict ? It 's a mess . But at least it 's an honest mess . Recorded in France over six turbulent months of booze detox , new fatherhood and the abdication of band members Bonehead and Guigsy , Standing is a noisy hodge-podge of plodding techno beats , oily Mellotron samples , haphazard guitar riffing , shameless Beatle shanghais and Liam 's irritating nasaled vocal cliches . Lyrically , songwriter/guitarist/brother Noel comes across as a feeble-minded George Gershwin playing with ` plasticine ' on a ` trampoline ' with a ` worthwhile smile ' behind a ` certain curtain . ' Musically , his creative ambition is best described as thievery , the shameless embezzlement of old psychedelics from the Beatles ' catalogue -LRB- Strawberry Fields Forever , Dear Prudence , etc. -RRB- are the sole support beams holding this load of post-cocaine twaddle in the air . When it 's not an oblivious parody , it 's utterly excruciating , thanks to the perpetual tonal fuzz and Liam 's squalling protraction of vowels
 For a band that 's been away from studio releases for a few years you 'd think that they could come up with some new sounding material . I think that the main review above explains it best -- while Oasis may think that they are improving on the old sounds of classic rock and are the new Beatles , the songs on this album are illustrative of those old bands low points . Stick with the first two albums , that 's where Oasis actually had some clever , more original material . Of course , if you are a diehard fan , this should not disappoint you TOO much , I suppose .
 Everyone knows that `` WTSMG '' is by far the greatest Oasis album and quite frankly , as we say in dear old Blighty , this is pants . Apart from the brilliant sneeriness of `` Go Let It Out '' -LRB- a UK no. 1 -RRB- and a couple of others , this is even more of a disappointment than BHN . Anyway , to be totally objective , I quite like BHN after 3 years so maybe SOTSOG is a grower and , well , Oasis are after all the greatest Beatles tribute band ever so I ca n't diss them too much .
 If youre really really into them and you love Oasis , then maybe you should ask someone to buy this for you as a gift . Otherwise , youll be highly upset when you buy it and actually hear what youve spent your money on . Maybe I 'm just still stuck on their first two -LRB- awesome -RRB- cd 's . Maybe I need to evolve , maybe this cd sucks .
 Aftetr two excellent records -LRB- Ok there had been Sky Yen also before -RRB- , he came out with this very disappointing record . Strange .
 Sorry , but one of only two good songs on the ` Eat Me , Drink Me ' album are found right here . Yes , `` Heart Shape Glasses '' is a cool tune ... but the other sing is n't worth spit . . anyway it 's presented . Actually , despite the fact that Marilyn manson has established himself as one of the most meaningful songwriters in Rock History , there is no evidence of that on this horribly rediculous album -LRB- Eat me Drink Me -RRB- . All I can say , is that if your looking for a rip off of My Chemichal Romance , HIM , Modest Mouse ... you found it . Manson is still a legend ... but this whole concept is his least interesting album to date .
 Paid a few dollars more for this cd because i thought Mad Cat record label would be the original record label . It was n't , you can actually hear the scratches in the record that they recorded it off of on the cd . Worst sound quality of any cd that i have ever heard . Actually tossed this cd in the garbage . Will never buy any Mad Cat recording ever again . Had to give it one star to submit review , but wanted to give it a negative 10 .
 Schlock Rock , Cock Rock ... whatever you want to call it . I 'm just glad those days and those types of bands are gone . Brad Gillis was a douch bag !
 I am a strong supporter for the earlier Real Wheel Videos -LRB- before Dave and Becky began to fight during each of their episodes -RRB- ; however , this one should be skipped for more sensitive children . Specifically , Dave and Becky fight a little more harshly than in their previous videos , and I am not too keen on having my children exposed to monster trucks named `` Big Dummy . '' Granted , they 'll probably be exposed to this language later on , I 'd just rather it did n't happen on my watch .
 5 stars for content ... no stars for audio quality . Does anybody remember all that extra reverb on the original records ? Can someone from `` whoever owns the former MGM Animals catalog '' entourage please explain why the original MGM E series masters are not being released onto CD ? I have -LRB- 9 -RRB- so-called `` re-masters '' from various labels and I have come to the conclusion that I will never be able to obtain clean monophonic CD releases of the pre - `` Winds of Change '' MGM material . There are good `` sound quality '' tracks here and there , but you have to buy a lot of repeat material . Acquiring truly mint copies of the original vinyl is expensive -LRB- MGM did n't seem to set very high standards for pressing vinyl either -RRB- . This material is exceptional and deserves far better treatment than basement ProTools hacks cranking this stuff out of their basement .
 This review concerns the sound quality . I read the reviews before deciding to buy this version of Animalisms 2009 through Amazon UK . Having bought Animalism 2006 -LSB- Original recording remastered -RSB- -LSB- Original recording reissued -RSB- a few weeks ago I can say for certain the difference is huge , as both albums have a track called '' ` outcast '' , I used as my benchmark.I found my self being totally disappointed after the excellent remastering of Animalism . How any label can put out such a low quality mastering in this day and age is beyond me . Being Repertoire makes it more so !
 I pre-ordered this CD under the title `` Animalism '' which was billed as a remastered version of the 1966 original . I was disapointed when I received the `` Animalisms '' version . I owned the original `` Animalism '' back when it was first released and loved it . It has long since been worn out and lost from my collection . This compilation has left out `` Smoke Stack Lightning '' , `` Hey Gyp '' , `` Hit The Road Jack '' , and maybe others I ca n't recall . Although this disc does have some great Animals material , I find the quality of the remastering poor at best . It sounds like a basement recording , too much echo and no definition of Chas Chandler 's base . Bonus tracks seem to be tossed in as compensation for lack of audio quality . This disc is OK if you have no other alternatives . I 'm still hoping for a release of the REAL Animalism set .
 Having worn out my vinyl copy of Animalisms , the Animals third album , the first beeing `` The Animals '' and the second `` Animals Tracks , I bought the cd on the Repertoire label and it easily qualifies as the worst remastering job I 've heard so far.The original punchy sound with excellent bass and good highdefinition is degraded to a muddy sound that sound like beeing re-recorded in a bathman PLUS that someone put some strange extra ECHO on the tracks . A complete failure ! Repertoire should fire the engineer and give it another try - thank God I have the original on tape - in stereo !
 I do n't like this new song `` Wifey '' at all , it is well sung though , so I did add an extra point for that . At 1st it kinda sounds like their awsome song `` Too Close '' but these lyrics are just way weird .
 I 'm quite fond of the many ` reality ' videos that have been created for toddlers . They give kids a chance to see the workings of the real world , learning how things work and what people do for a living.I 've seen other videos in this series , and they 've been OK -- that is , entertaining and informative enough to let my kids watch them . With that as background , I decided to buy this one since we 'd never seen it before . Unfortunately , that was a mistake.These videos are not for teenagers ; indeed , I do n't think that the normal teen would sit through a full showing of one ! They 're for kids perhaps as young as 2 , and as old as 8 . So , why would ` Dave ' end one of the segments with a statement to kids that they should stay off of drugs ? In the segment on helicopters , there 's a good deal of material on gunships and weaponry . At one point , Dave stresses the power of one of the helicopter 's guns . There are many other uses of helicopters that could have been covered in this video , without resorting to war and military purposes.Remember
 I have been greatly dissppointed by the whole series . I ordered three DVDs at once and am stuck with them . They do n't hold my son 's attention at all which is fine with me because Dave and Becky are so annoying anyway I could n't stand it if he could . Way better choice would be the Fred Levine series or the I Love CAT Machines series . Do n't waste your money on these .
 I have the suspect that this re-edition of the classic Deniece Williams/Johnny Mathis album is no official.The sound is terrible -LRB- absolutely without bass frequencies -RRB- The cover of the cd is very cheap and the booklet is printed without any informations , lyrics , details of the reissue.Please do not waste your money for this horrible and fake reprint
 In the many performance art roles of David Bowie , this attempt at post-punk posturing was about a decade too late and ended up stalled like Starz rather than running with the Spiders from Mars.With two studio albums - and a 1991 appearance on Saturday Night Live , along with gigs at trade shows - Bowie , Reeves Gabrels -LRB- g -RRB- , Hunt Sales -LRB- d -RRB- and Tony Sales -LRB- b -RRB- were facing declining chart success , an indifferent audience and growing criticism from circles that helped shape buying habits - and radio airplay - back in the day . The band quickly faded from the scene after these eight tracks - with additional guitarist Eric Schermerhorn - which chronicled five dates from the 1991/1992 It 's My Life tour failed to chart in the UK and USA.But what is lost is the intriguing experimental guitar-work by Gabrels , who superbly was the Keith Levene -LRB- PiL -RRB- to Bowie 's `` sophisticated '' John Lydon . `` Amazing , '' `` Goodbye Mr. Ed '' and `` You Belong in Rock 'n' Roll '' are the highlights , but a pair of longer cuts - `` Heaven 's in Here '' -LRB- 12:05 -RRB- and `` Stateside '' -LRB- 8:11 -RRB- - stall out minutes before reaching the end ; there is no Wobble on bass or drummer Martin `` Brian Brain '' Atkins in the house to drive this wall of sound.Hardly essential Bowie , the live album is interesting for those seeking a complete discography , but does not top the self-titled debut of 1989 , which peaked at # 3 in the UK and # 28 in the USA .
 Not the best album Bowie has issued , in fact probably the worst.It took me 15 years to buy this , just to complete my Bowie collection , and I wo n't be playing it much . But it 's a nice cover .
 Ok , so David Bowie is a musical genius . I have almost 70 albums / cd 's in my collection . The Tin Machine project had good songs -LRB- specially on the first release -RRB- . TM II had some terrible songs . So this is a live album with a setlist made of the WORST songs off those two albums !! And the songs are stretched to even last longer . It 's like Bowie 's worst enemy recorded it . No wonder the band dissapeared shortly sfter this record -LRB- no longer available , by the way -RRB-
 So everyone hates your new band . Two albums sell 4 copies . What to do , what to do ... Put out a live album !
 Beware , these songs sound a bit remixed , and are not the original sounding radio hit singles . Usually .89 cent songs are a red-flag .
 When I bought this album I was already a huge early ELP fan . I was really hoping they would write at least one song that harked back to their progressive days , but sadly they did n't . Most songs , although tightly played -LRB- as you 'd expect from world class musicians -RRB- range from decent to weak . A drab offering of music stuck between pop and geek-rock . A project with alot of unfulfilled potential . Pass it up .
 Back in the day , my older brother was a huge ELP fan . I did n't really appreciate or understand Emerson 's more complicated work , but generally got to be familiar with it . Recently , I 've been giving the old stuff a serious listen -LRB- ELP , Trilogy , BSS , Tarkus , etc. -RRB- and redeveloping my appreciation of Emerson.I recently came across a copy of Black Moon . I had just listened to The Barbarian before deciding to switch to the `` new '' -LRB- to me anyway -RRB- album . I could n't find anything on it that approached the `` crunchy '' sound of The Barbarian , or anything that was up to what I 'd consider to be Emerson 's standard of composition.I ca n't really evaluate it from the standpoint of ELP 's more lyrical `` songlike '' stuff . I like the old songs -LRB- C'est La Vie , From the Beginning , Benny the Bouncer , etc -RRB- well enough , but they were always kind of piggybacked on Kieth Emerson 's signature style and harder stuff -LRB- Karn Evil 9 2nd Impression , the Piano Concerto , Tarkus , etc -RRB- . An album with none of the `` crunchy '' stuff is no good to me .
 You 'd have to be really deaf to like this album . I put it to you that if this exact album were done , not by legendary rock band Emerson , Lake & Palmer , but composed , performed , recorded and produced , as is , by three no-name British rockers , no record company would even think of signing it . And if some insane record company run by monkeys did sign it , EVERY copy sold would find a permanent place either on a shelf in a used CD store , or the trash.This album is simply pitiful . Keith Emerson and Greg Lake used up a potentially great ELP repertoire on the Emerson , Lake & Powell album in ' 86 , and , it seems , just did n't have any good ideas left for this album . Instead of epic rockers like The Score or The Miracle , you get trite bulls ** t like Black Moon and Paper Blood . Instead of fun songs like Step Aside , you get embarassing songs like Better Days . Instead of powerful ballads like Lay Down Your Guns , you get laughable attempts like Affairs of the Heart and Footprints in the Snow . And , not that it needs to be said , the material on this album does n't hold a candle on classic ELP fare . Paper Blood 's first verse actually suggests that it 's a better song than Knife Edge ; it 's not . Changing States is forgettable Karate Kid music , and the one good track , Romeo and Juliet , is just that
 I am a huge ELP fan , but there 's a limit , and this is past that limit . -LRB- In the Hot Seat , the follow-up , is even worse . -RRB- Greg Lake 's once awesomely beautiful and powerful voice is a ruin . It 's shot ; it 's gone . The amazing classically-inspired construction of their earlier songs is gone , too . Instead we get horrible , cheesy MOR ballads . They can still play , but music this ordinary is n't worth playing . This is n't ELP ; this is a ghastly OAP stage band , three guys who happen to have the same names . The real ELP died no later than the much -LRB- and on the whole justly -RRB- maligned `` Love Beach '' . And even `` Love Beach '' had a few sparks left -LRB- the Rodrigo cover , bits of `` Officer and Gentleman '' -RRB- of a once huge talent . But here the fire is out . I love ELP , but I love truth more.Laon
 This is a reunion album from 1991 . This CD has 10 tracks and is 48 minutes long . The tracks are 4 to 6 minutes long.Most of the tracks on this album are relatively short songs . The songs are bombastic and repeititive . There is a main theme that is just repeated . There is no depth to the music or the song writing . For the most part , there is nothing here to remind you of the old ELP.The cover is indicative of the album . It is just a boring picture of a merry-go-round . There is no excitement , energy or interest in the cover.The album does get a little better near the end . The last three tracks are enjoyable . Closer to home is a nice piano piece and Better Days has a good , driving beat.ELP broke up in 1979 due to differences in musical direction and the great progressive rock blow up at the end of the seventies , when the progressive rock bands were done in by their own excesses -LRB- especially ELP and Yes -RRB- . The group sort of reformed in 1984 as Emerson , Lake and Powell -LRB- with Cozy Powell , who died a few years ago -RRB- . They broke up again to reform in 1991 . They played in concerts , released some live albums and then released one last studio album , In The Hot Seat , which is along the same lines as Black Moon -LRB- bad -RRB- . They took a break while Keith Emerson had surgery on his hand . Emerson most recently has done a reunion tour with the Nice .
 I ca n't figure out why ELP even tried to reunite in ' 92 ? I have all their albums right up to Works Vol . 2 . I have always felt their 1970-1973 material is their best while their 1977-78 is n't all that great -LRB- but each of those later albums do have a couple of gems , like `` Fanfare For the Common Man '' -RRB- . I did n't bother with Love Beach because of all the negative opinions that album has received . Not too long after Love Beach was recorded and released , ELP broke up . Various incarnations of ELP surfaced in the late '80s like Emerson , Lake & Powell and 3 -LRB- Three -RRB- , but it was n't until '92 that the real ELP reunited and released Black Moon . This reunion was n't worth it . Why ? Well , you can tell the age of these musicians are really begining to show . Greg Lake 's voice sounds quite shot . It does n't sound like the Greg Lake I 'm used to . Keith Emerson does n't even try here -LRB- but I 'm guessing that was the carpal tunnel that was creeping up which was even a bigger problem on In the Hot Seat -RRB- . Carl Palmer , well , you 'll never figure he was one of the great drummer of prog rock when you hear him tapping on an electronic drum kit . How about the songs themselves ? Most of them rather simple pop songs in an obvious attempt for MTV exposure . The group efforts attempt to rock , but the Lake ballads -LRB- like `` Footprints in the Snow '' -RRB- just make me puke , with awful lyrics . I am reminded of the worst moments of Works Vol . 1 -LRB- like Greg Lake 's side , especially `` Closer To Believing '' -RRB- . Keith Emerson 's keyboard sound here is very unappealing . I think he made a terrible mistake by ditching his Hammond organ and Moog for newer , flashier , state-of-the-art synthesizers and keyboards . Black Moon , as you expect from a 1992 release , is an all-digital recording , with digital keyboards , electronic drums , and little of anything analog . So if you 're a prog rock fan that hates digital , stay away from this album . Black Moon is widely regarded as a disaster by many fans , and I have to agree on that . Pretty disappointing effort . Stick to their self-entitled 1970 debut , Trilogy , or Brain Salad Surgery . It was garbage like Black Moon and Yes ' Union that was a big reason why a whole new wave of progressive rock bands in the '90s like Anglagard , Landberk , Anekdoten , Spock 's Beard , Flower Kings , etc. surfaced , because the big name prog bands had became too lazy where their newer material comes across as being quite formulaic at best , and painfully embarassing at worst .
 This is a re-issue of the 1991 CD , with 4 bonus tracks added . The original CD had 10 tracks and was 48 minutes long . I have n't heard the bonus tracks , but they are just different versions of songs from the original CD . Since none them were any good , I ca n't imagine that these new edits would be any better . It is interesting that CD 's that are just barely 10 years old are getting re-issued with bonus tracks.Most of the tracks on this album are relatively short songs . The songs are bombastic and repeititive . There is a main theme that is just repeated . There is no depth to the music or the song writing . For the most part , there is nothing here to remind you of the old ELP.The cover is indicative of the album . It is just a boring picture of a merry-go-round . There is no excitement , energy or interest in the cover.The album does get a little better near the end . The last three tracks are enjoyable . Closer to home is a nice piano piece and Better Days has a good , driving beat.ELP broke up in 1979 due to differences in musical direction and the great progressive rock blow up at the end of the seventies , when the progressive rock bands were done in by their own excesses -LRB- especially ELP and Yes -RRB- . The group sort of reformed in 1984 as Emerson , Lake and Powell -LRB- with Cozy Powell , who died a few years ago -RRB- . They broke up again to reform in 1991 . They played in concerts , released some live albums and then released one last studio album , In The Hot Seat , which is along the same lines as Black Moon -LRB- bad -RRB- . They took a break while Keith Emerson had surgery on his hand . Emerson most recently has done a reunion tour with the Nice .
 This is a reunion album from 1991 . This CD has 10 tracks and is 48 minutes long . The tracks are 4 to 6 minutes long . Note that there is an import version of this CD that has 4 bonus tracks . The bonus tracks are just edits or different versions of songs already on the original CD . I have n't heard them , but none of the original songs are any good , so I ca n't imagine that these bonus tracks would be much better.The cover is indicative of the album . It is just a boring picture of a merry-go-round . There is no excitement , energy or interest in the cover.Most of the tracks on this album are relatively short songs . The songs are bombastic and repeititive . There is a main theme that is just repeated . There is no depth to the music or the song writing . For the most part , there is nothing here to remind you of the old ELP.There are three instrumentals on this CD . The music was always ELP 's strenghth . But , 2 of the instrumentals here are just tedious , bombastic , repetitive and boring.The album does get a little better near the end . The last three tracks are enjoyable . Closer to Home is a nice piano piece and Better Days has a good , driving beat.ELP broke up in 1979 due to differences in musical direction and the great progressive rock blow up at the end of the seventies , when the progressive rock bands were done in by their own excesses -LRB- especially ELP and Yes -RRB- . The group sort of reformed in 1984 as Emerson , Lake and Powell -LRB- with Cozy Powell , who died a few years ago -RRB- . They broke up again to reform in 1991 . They played in concerts , released some live albums and then released one last studio album , In The Hot Seat , which is along the same lines as Black Moon -LRB- bad -RRB- . They took a break while Keith Emerson had surgery on his hand . Emerson most recently has done a reunion tour with the Nice .
 I am a lifelong fan of ELP . My favorites are WORKS and Trilogy and the Self-Titled CD but overall , I believe there is something awesome in every ELP album . Except this one . This was the only ELP CD that I did not yet own because I was scared to buy it . Now that I have purchased it I am at a loss for words.This is not the ELP that I remember . This is an attrocity . So I did some reading up on the subject and I found out that this album was basically belched out in order to fulfill a contractual obligation . Do n't expect any of the same energy you 're used to from ELP . Clearly , their hearts are not in it with this one . It has a rushed feel and there is nothing impressive here.I am sorry . I really wanted to give a better review than that because they are my all time favorite band . But I can not . - -LRB- V -RRB- az
 One of the most creative and important groups of the 70 's produced blah pop in the 80 's and 90 's .
 At first im a deep fan of ELP and own all their records . I saw them 4 times live and saw their biggest show in history in Montr&eacute;al in 1976 . I strongly suggest that you buy In Montreux instead of this DVD.The production here is badly film and the sound is not good at all only in stereo . Also they are not at their best that night.The live in Montreux is very well produce , the sound is very good and available in 5.1 plus they are in top shape.Don ' t spend any money on this one you will regret it .
 I am sorry but I have to disagree with most of the reviews on here . This album sounds forced with no sonic texture its plain RUBISH ! I have been listening to Oasis since late 1994 and in that time I can honestly say this album was a Big Fat let down stay away from this one .
 i ca n't believe you fans are still goin ' head over heels for this rehashed toss pot of boarder line beatles crap tribute band in the worst pub in the world with liam droolin ' and noel standin ' there moppin ' up his messes while he writes some un-imaginative lyrics about god knows what i finally got to hear this album the other day it was playin ' in my local virgin and i walk out after the first two tracks and i have researched and heard most of the tracks online since walkin ' out on my favorite shop so you critics can put yoyr pens down and muster up the bile you 're gon na spew because your a bunch of narrow minded -LRB- ... -RRB- who need to get a lifeas we 've all got seperate opipions and oasis snubbed the brits the other week due to the fact they were n't nominated for an award they so rightfully deserved -LSB- LIKE HELL -RSB- these bunch of wussies act like school children i 'm not gon na go to the brits because i 'm not nominated i 'm gon na act like a spoilt bratyou go noel gallagher and take your brother with you and left and come to usa where your loved -LSB- oh wait your not loved here aswell -RSB- if you want a boarder line mudane band without a single ounce of orginality then pick this album up be my guests i wo n't critisebut if you want proper british rock and not the cock shot britpop then listen to the jam and the small faces and the wholyla the worst excuse of an single even by oasis 's standard `` tut tut '' -LSB- lets out a bellowin ' laugh at oasis tryin ' to reclaim their throne at bein ' the kings of the music world when no-ones cares anymore their moment in the sun is over -RSB-
 Everytime this band comes out with a new album I try really hard to like it . And here I am again , trying really hard to enjoy `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' . After listening to it a few times around , there is n't a single song that really stands out and grabs your attention.The whole album is basically Oasis ' version of another era of music , mainly 60 's rock . What 's the Story Morning Glory kick-started a Brit-pop revolution , this one feels like it never even happened . There 's nothing exciting , original , idealistic or inspiring in any of the songs and it feels like the band just got together to make some cash and help support their rock 'n' roll lifestyle.I 'm disappointed again .
 This review is coming from a somewhat experienced Oasis fan . I own 4 albums -LRB- this , morning glory , def . maybe , and heathen chemistry -RRB- and I consider this one to be the worst.There are 2 reasons why I do n't like this album :1 . Noel 's vocals are horrible . Do n't get me wrong , I love some of his other songs from past albums like `` Do n't look back in anger '' and `` Little by little '' but his voice is very annoying a lot of the time and clashes with the music too much .2 . I know Oasis rips off the beatles , but they do it WAAAY too much on this album . I do n't really like the beatles too much , but what oasis has done on past albums is taken some of the best parts of the beatles music and added a modern touch to it . On this album ... they just rip them off part for part .3 . Those 60 's style organs sound really dumb and are overused throughout the album.As for the songs : Lyla is a great song , by far the best on the album . I know it 's just a single and it 's supposed to be catchy but that 's what oasis does best . It 's one of their best hits yet and is almost worth the cost of the entire album.Let There be Love is another good song but the organs ruin it . If a guitar was used instead -LRB- ex
 Bought the dualdisc version and while the album is really great , actually the best Oasis album since ` Morning Glory ' , this version wo n't work with MP3 players , since it wo n't load on the computer . Only the DVD side , which wo n't allow you to transfer the tracks to your player .
 The past 2 Oasis albums have sounded like a different band to the one that has brought us so much musical glory -LRB- probably b/c it is almost a different band . The band of flowing guitar rock with proud solo 's has turned into a hippy group from the 1960 's ! Despite the hype about this ablum I have failed to find a single track that would rival the songs written by the Oasis of oldAll the songs to me sound a little disorientated - whereas before Noel was the writer of the band other band members have started writing with not much success in my opinion . The fading charm of this once great band lies in the hope that Noel has one more great album somewhere inside his head just waiting to come out , and even the best tracks on this album are written by Noel.The Top 3 Albums in my opinion are :1 . Morning Glory2 . Be Here Now -LRB- Every track written by Noel -RRB- 3 . MasterplanIf anything Oasis 's last 2 album , Do n't Believe the Truth in particular prove that no great music act is forever brilliant & that Liam is nothing more than a singer !
 Shocking . How shocking ? Imagine you are reading AA Milne out loud to your youngster and the text has Christopher Robin ask Piglet where Winnie the Pooh is , and Piglet yanks down Christopher 's shorts and says
 What a horrendous album , this is Oasis 's selling out -LRB- amazingly -RRB- and no I 'm not being sarcastic.This being Oasis 's most uninspired and unartistical statement of an an album ever and most commercial.There is absolutley nothing except commercial success in which you could call this album a return to form or even a good album on its own.The production and the songs are just lazily done and thrown together crap , sounds like a album made to pay the phone bill .
 ` Member the days when the cats were Mad Fer It , mates ? Those days are long over , it seems . Liam 's croaky voice has been busted up by too much booze and too many cigarettes , while his flat-faced brother , poor Noel , could n't write a decent guitar lick these days if John Lennon 's ghost appeared in his bedroom with hand-written instructions.Poor Oasis . They were once so great . This new record sounds straight outta 1965 , for old fogies only . That 's too bad . I remember when these guys were armed -LRB- with guitars -RRB- and dangerous -LRB- with attitude -RRB- . Now they are just middle-aged millionaires who make British compatriots Def Leppard look young and edgy.What happened , guys ?? Let 's bring it back to what it was . Maybe one day soon the cats 'll be Mad Fer It once again.P.S . IS BLUR REUNITING ??????????????
 He is always badmouthing other artists as if his work with Oasis is genius . Do I sense a hint of jealousy ? All the songs sound the same and The Beatles should file a lawsuit .
 I would n't buy this album if it was free . First of all , the band itself is n't that great . I just do n't get the fuss about them . Every song sounds the same . Secondly , Liam Gallagher is a total idiot . All he does is badmouth other bands -LRB- a lot better than his -RRB- because he obviously feels inadequate . Alex Kaparanos of Franz Ferdinand recently called him `` a neurotic schoolgirl '' and I could n't agree more . Instead of talking trash about bands in order to try and sell more records , he should worry about trying to improve his own .
 only good song was lyla and even that was no good , im onna pre order the new offspring album instead !
 I have always thought this band sucked , and this album proves it . They 've ripped off everyone here , especially '60s Brit bands . No originality . No talent .
 I have to admit I love Oasis , but since Heathen Chemistry , they have hit rock bottom . This is the worst CD Oasis has made to date . It 's uninspired garbage , poor vocals and standard arrangements . If this is the best they have to offer these days , they should live off the royalties from the early stuff and retire .
 Oasis were on a winner with Heathen Chemistry , this is the biggest peice of crap , its unbeleivable.To say that this is as the best since Definitley Maybe is joke!For cyring out loud , The Spice Girls have better albums than this !! Its ireedeemably bad and a joke and a half , how can people put down `` Standing on the shoulder of giants '' and `` Be here now '' as dissapointments and failures !!! They 're both great albums!This does ` nt even compare , its not even worthy of comparing , and Lyla is just disgusting.Goodbye Oasis , you never lost your diginity untiul now .
 Right first of all , All Oasis albums are gr8 ! not one ! have they done where I couldnt listen to it all the way through ! But this one is the first Im ashamed to say , Jo Whiley from Radio 1 sed summit along the lines of this album going back to the days of Definitely Maybe , she was well & truly wrong !!! no songs like live forever , Its an awful album from Oasis ... but still good as it 's Oasis that have done it lol , Their all ok in their own way
 The CD sounds like it was recorded in 2 days instead of the months and months it 's said to have taken . From the song touting laziness , I can only assume that Oasis have lost their enthusiasm and fire.Previous albums like What 's the story , morning glory , Be here now and to a certain extent Standing on the shoulder of giants are such a treat to listen to since it 's over-produced and over-arranged by Noel . While Def . maybe is n't over-produced , Noel certainly arranged most of the songs with numerous guitar solos with numerous variations among them.However , this CD sounds like it was rushed . Half the album sounds like it was a demo take or a bare-bones take before further arrangments could be added but they never bothered with it . The latter half of this album with all the mid-tempo sounds like 1 big song and really fails to hold attention . Where are the solo flourshes from Def . Maybe , or the orchestral instruments from WTSMG and the long eletified wall of melodic guitar wave of Be here now or the touch of electronica of SOTSOG?On the plus side , it 's nice that they fired the keyboard player who recorded with Oasis on the last album ; Heathern Chemistry . The multiple layers of annoying keyboard muck is gone that sounded like the keyboard player was paid per note recorded . There are no godawful songs like 1/3 of Standing on the shoulder of giants is . But , this CD just sounds like a demo CD and not a real CD .
 Is modern-day rock music so bad that we give this sub-par effort five stars ? Answer me one question ... where are the melodies ? Each song meanders through an aural wasteland just to end on a sour note . This album continues the downward spiral of Heathen Chemistry and will be the undoing of the band . They should have stopped while on top with their excellent overlooked album , `` Standing on the Shoulders of Giants '' . I am glad I only paid $ 9.95 , because I might as well have just thrown my money away . A huge disappointment !
 As a dedicated Oasis zealot for 12 years , it brings me great regret to write this review . I would have gladly paid the $ 10 I spent on this packaged product to obtain the 5-track 1994 live demo that accompanied it . As for the 11 track , 43 minute follow-up to `` Heathen Chemistry '' , I feel that Oasis has sadly failed to produce a product worthy of an opening act to any of the burgeoning calvacade of Manchester acts exploding right now . It 's a piece of poorly produced audible crap , and fails miserably on a variety of scores . Noel will shoot himself for delegating songwriting duties on this.I summarily refuse to waste your time with a discrete song by song review . After reading Stephen Thomas Erlewine 's glorious , ill conceived review -LRB- probably band-compensated for www.allmusic.com -RRB- of this CD and my best friend 's anxious notes of it , I sat anxiously to review it tonight in depth . To anyone intimately acquainted with Oasis ' songwriting style and sound production , this entire CD rates worse as a whole than any of their previous efforts . Each song is a droll , unproductive drum & guitar strumming accompanient to immature and overly repetitively penned lyrics , no doubt to Noel 's mental anguish , by other band members -LRB- Liam , stick to the mic & drinking -RRB- . `` The Importance of Being Idle '' and `` Let There Be Love '' were the only two tracks on the entire CD that gave me hope that Oasis had some modicum of creativity left.Ultimate blame lies primarily with the production team for the porous and extremely bland sound , and the balance with songwriting . `` Heathen Chemistry '' was no masterpiece , but a quick review of it following this sonic cacophony will reveal a time when Oasis actually still had some juice left . The final liner note photo of the band against the setting sun is terribly fitting since this 11 track soliloquiy should be their epilogue.As a hardcore Oasis fan , this effort has left me feeling empty & depressed . Granted , nothing will approach the expertise and mastery of `` Definitely Maybe '' and `` What 's The Story , MG '' , but this CD is a palty effort to even put forth an effort more worthy than `` Be Here Now '' , which at least had two great tracks on it . Anyone who thinks `` SOTSOGiant '' or `` Heathen Chemistry '' are lesser than this new album are either neophyte Oasis fans , or severely different in their interpretattion of this once unreal band . I highly doubt `` Do n't Believe The Truth '' will pack the punch Oasis badly needs it to in order to stay in league at the Glastonbury Festival . Let 's all pray that they rely heavily on their previously heralded fan favorites for the bulk of the setlist for their impending world tour . Else they be prepared to reap the painful whirlwind of commercial doom that Oasis has invited with this CD.Do yourself a favor . Buy `` Familiar To Millions '' , `` Be Here Now '' , any other Oasis studio CD or some other worthy Manchester band music to remember the good times . The golden days of Oasis are dead for now and cast in salty concrete with `` Do n't Believe The Truth '' .
 For much of the 90 's Oasis was my favorite band . I saw them live from the early Tony MCCarroll on drums days through this summer . WTSMG is one of the best CD 's of all time and I personally like Definitely Maybe even better . I devoured their singles and excused the hiccup that was Be Here Now.A few years ago Oasis released their 4th record Standing on the Shoulder of Giants . Outstanding CD but panned by many . It was sometime during this period that original members Bonehead and Quigsy left the band . I think it was also the period where Noel cleaned up his act.Unfortunately the 5th Album Heathen Chemistry was poor and now Oasis has hit rock bottom . This CD is just brutal - no fire , no passion , just sounds like a bunch of guys going through the motions . The only track that even sounds like old Oasis is A Bell Will Ring.Liam Gallagher did not take care of his voice - if you do not believe me listen to the early recordings - he sang back then . Now he rasps his way through all the songs.I never thought I would give Oasis a bad review and I will continue to buy anything they put out in hopes of a return to form but this is not it .
 The thing I have always loved about Oasis is the big wall of sound evedent in their early albums . It was raw energy . Unfortunately they started losing the `` wall of sound '' on Heather Chemistry , and it is completely gone on this offering . This is their weakest , most uninspired album to date . My copy came with an extra disc that contains live tracks recorded in ' 95 . Listening to the two , there is no comparison . The energy has left the band . Too bad ...
 Given their Beatles/Stones-like aspirations to immortality , it 's amazing that Oasis dried up so quickly . But this disjointed , repetitive album reveals a band completely scorched of life . The only sadder ` comeback ' attempt out there now is that of the Backstreet Boys . Stick with the band 's first two releases . Or better yet , stick with the Beatles and the Stones .
 If you are looking for an album as good as Definately Maybe then you should look elsewhere . This album , though it took so long , sounds rushed , half hearted and very patchy . Listening to it as a whole album it sounds like a bad compilation of outtakes , and when listening to the songs individually to pull out good points , it is a difficult task . It has a couple of singles on it but nothing more . Lyla is classic Oasis and made me rush to the shops to buy this album , but have decided to go back to The first 3 to try and reconvince myself how good this band actually are .
 Boring , dull and lifeless , basically its Oasis 's version of 1960s rock n roll which has been and gone and has its place , but we need good modern music not rehashed crap.What a dissaponitment , their was ` nt an actual bad Oasis album yet until `` do n't beleive the truth '' , it sounds nothing like the proper Oasis that everyone has come to know and love and is by no means a neccessary album to have in youe collection.A total waste of time and money .
 look `` lads '' ... put the guitars down and go home for a nice cuppa.You wrote one or two good songs 10 years ago ... be happy with this and piss off with wasting my time .
 I know there are a lot of major Oasis fans out there and the last thing I would want to do is anger all of you . To see these suspiciously-aged men jump about on their videos like children was truly hilarious . Music-wise , it is difficult to find the words to describe quite how dreadful this KIDDIE-BAND is . Another appalling corporate band that gives children more useless heroes and floods the charts of good music . Any adult that finds this ` uplifting ' is small-minded to the point of disfunction . Save your money on this trashOasis are very cutsey-poo . Their songs sound like little girl songs that I would of liked when I was maybe 5 ! They have no real music talent . You ca n't go through life as a singer just because you have a cute , pretty voice . You have to learn how to use it right . Does the word harmony ring a bell ? Okay , Okay , they have some , but not enough , and not good ones . My school chorus has better ones than their 's . Some peope like that type of music , but I know REAL music when I hear it , and this is not real music!My young grandson bought this album when it was first released , do n't ask me why ? . Oaiss are , high pitched , squeaky and annoying.The four of them must take a dose of helium before they sing a song.It is unfair to other bands out there who are trying to scrape a recording deal and ca n't , and these bands are so much better and more experienced than be-witched ever will be ! In today 's world it is typical for bands such as Coldplay , Five , Elton John and the Spice Girls to get a recording deal so quickly.This is un-deserved . Bands like Steps ripping of songs such as `` Tragedy '' and making some serious cash!Is there anyone in their right mind who thinks this is fair ? But Oasis really do display undeserved success.The sad thing is , is that there is actually a market for these kind of artists , that 's the sad part.A band that display terrible vocals and can not dance for peanuts.Keep your money in your pocket , until you come across something which you can listen to without cringing.COME ON LADS , ENOUGH OF THE PREPPY MUSIC !
 I cant believe some the reviews here . While it 's true that several reviewers called this record for what it really is -LRB- a blatant 60s rip-off -RRB- others are writting stuff that borders psychedelia . I cant believe that `` Do n't Believe The Truth '' is being seriously compared to the first 2 Oasis LPs . Simply beyond me . Those are the only Oasis albums where the band actually expressed their own creativity , showed convincingly their own input , and didnt consume themselves in simply ruminating stuff others did better in the past.Nor is it easy to understand that people dont spot how obvious it is what Oasis have done in this record , which is
 First a disclaimer
 What happened to Oasis ?? Thats a good question , now defunct with Noel doing his solo album and the rest of the band in Beady Eye , this record probably was the undoing of the band.Not one song , not one ... would of made it onto The Masterplan or even the much disliked Be Here Now record.Every song is b side quality and while on occasions it sounds like they are trying , it all eventually falls flat - Dig out your soul was not much better either ... 3 years on , and they could n't even finish it.There is one problem that maligns Oasis , and thats lazyness and hierarchical-ness . Noel always being in charge was probably a good thing as he was the one that got the band off the ground.But I really do n't think Liam , Andy or Gem are pulling their weight in the Songwriting department.Also Dave Sardy makes this album sound as stifled and bland as possible , it really goes nowhere and certainly does not take them to a new level that Heathen Chemistry , their 2002 album seemed to promise.That album was a mix of the old and the new Oasis , this is just going through the motions.Sadly the Death in Vegas `` 10 track '' rock album with `` no ballads '' album plan fell through the floor -LRB- originally planned to be recorded at the original Definitely Maybe studios - sawmills -RRB- - sadly though it was n't to be.If anyone thinks Be Here Now was the downfall of this band your sorely mistaken - it was this record `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' - and going by how long it took to release this album -LRB- 3 years -RRB- it does n't seem worth believing at all.B Sides Importance of being Idle `` The Quiet Ones '' `` Pass me Down the Wine `` Lyla Single `` Wo n't Let you Down '' `` Eyeball Tickler `` Let there be Love `` Sitting here in Silence '' `` Rocknroll Star live in manchester 2005 `` Also released that year on the Goal Soundtrack is an unknown Noel Gallagher written song `` Who Put the Weight of the world on my shoulders '' as well as Noel Gallagher sung version of `` Cast No Shadow '' and Davey Sardy studio mix of the song `` Morning Glory '' .
 Once again - dissapointed I 'm afraid ! I hate to say it cos I love -LRB- d -RRB- Oasis.This album is too cheesy , too clompy -LRB- whatever that means !!! -RRB- and not what a top band should be producing . Lyla ?!? Its so crap I cant believe it ! Oasis are going through the motions and not moving very well at all.The Lennon influence on the vocals is extremely annoying -LRB- nothing against Lennon of course - I just hate the copied delivery -RRB- - what happened to the angry lead vocalist in Morning Glory ? What the hell happened to songs like Some Might Say , Cast No Shadow ... Oasis are still on the shelf way after their sell-by-date . I hate to say this !!! The live tour will no doubt be fantastic - thats only cos of the classics.Coldplay have royally kicked their ass with X & Y.
 I was excited for the new Oasis album , to come out . Upon hearing the record , my hopes for a great album weredashed as `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' is truly an uninspiring disc . Lazy arrangements , songs that do n't seemfinished , eg . The Meaning of Soul , dominate this record . There are a two bright spots , Andy and Gem 's `` Keep TheDream Alive '' , and `` A Bell Will Ring '' , give this collection some meaning . Other than that , this sounds like a groupgoing through the motions , void of any creativity and magic of earlier records .
 Its about time Liam Gallaghar stopped blagging , and Noel Gallaghar stopped praising the albums each time they are released as their best , or second best.Although he does throw alot of insults at `` Be Here Now '' the bands much anticipated album that apprently dissapointed everyone , and while containing no classics like `` Wonderwall '' it is still a triumphant album.Following that was `` Standing on the shoulder of giants '' no sell out of an album , a handfull of pretty good songs , but still fell short.The in 2002 they released `` Heathen Chemistry '' containing some of the first real Oasis classics since whast the story morning glory , and seemed to reinstall faith in the band for many and bring them new fans after beleiving they were a phenomena that had been and gone.So this album was suspected to be the big return , to the `` classic '' Oasis , writing great rock n roll music , and Heathen Chemistry showed that they were about to and had got themselves into gear.Things have changed for the wrost . `` Do n't Beleive the truth '' is by far the worst album ever released by oasis , and does ` nt remotley sound like Oasis , more like a 1960s tribute old rock n roll record.Everything about it is bad , the music , the singing , the lyrics , the production - it would be fair to say that this is the biggest dissapointment in the history of music .
 We waited 3 years for this !! After all the talk , and fuss over re scheduling studio time , scrapping songs , and deciding not to work with The death in vegas producers from the start - they went to LA of all places and got Dave Sardy - producer of System of a Down and Marilyn Manson to record this lump of cheese unimaginatley titled `` Do n't Beleive The Truth . '' `` Lyla '' the first single was beyond dissapointing , in fact it was the biggest piece of crap I 've ever heard , a horrible commcercial sounding song , much like the rest of the singles.Of course even though all the songs are actually complete rubbish , Noels are still worth a listen -LRB- Mucky Fingers , Part Of The Queue - the best on the whole album -RRB- , which is why he should write all the songs on each album , unfortunatley he has ` nt , which is why every album since `` Be Here Now '' has been patchy and sketchy.Liams songs are awful as always , `` You turn me on , loves like a bomb blowing my mind '' and the horrendous `` Guess God thinks I 'm able '' which ends in the most disgusting explosion of that crappy production sound and Liam blurting out `` C'mon lets make it tonight '' - what the ???? One other reviewer said that it sounds like an old car , which is only true , ultimatley one of the biggest dissapointments , perhaps its time they got Owen Morris to produce them again .
 Well I 'm afraid they 've really lost it now . Plagiarism without thougt or even modification . A real bore.Harken the Art Brut instead much more entertaining !
 why buy this album when you can go out and buy / download such classics as Beggars Banquet , White Album , Waterloo sunset etc. . Boys , nice try but after 6 albums and god knows how many millions of dollars please pack it in . The original versions were all to exciting to listen to have you bastardize such great songs as Street Fighting Man!The act is over done , enough is enough . At least Arctic Monkeys have the `` U-Know-What 's '' to write intelligently , with a sense of humour , and without that Whiney voice .
 Step 1 -RRB- Try to make a Beatles album , any originality in thought needs to immediately be terminatedStep 2 -RRB- Fail miserably at making an album that sounds like a Beatles album -LRB- the fact is any member of the Beatles was a better songwriter than the combined members of Oasis -RRB- Step 3 -RRB- Release the annoying first single that tries to sound like a Beatles songStep 4 -RRB- Tell everyone you 're better than the BeatlesStep 5 -RRB- Have Radiohead release an album and make you look patheticStep 6 -RRB- Repeat steps 1-5
 You will never be the greatest rock and roll band in the world ... however , I did really like that songbird song from your last album . Maybe if you made more catchy songs liek that , you could be the greatest rock and roll band .
 Thankyou Oasis but no thankyou , your time is well and trully up , at the moment anyway.Your album do n't `` Beleive the nonsensical lies and dishonesty towards all who like good music and are fans of Oasis '' is a dissapointment worthy of rating in itself , funnily enough it gets nice well rounded one star.The album has `` NO '' direction and `` NO '' purpose , sounding more or less , no more like Oasis take on 1960s rock n roll , which of course has been , been and down and has its place in time , but now I think its time to move on and do something new thankyou very much and givin the `` DISGUSTING '' state of new and older bands at the moment -LRB- beleive it or not -RRB- it was up to you to shine the light . That ended after your great album `` Heathen Chemistry '' so thankyou but no thankyou .
 What the heak is this junk , how did Oasis ever seriously think anyone would want to listen to this waffle.There is ` nt one decent song , and album by album they keep going in the wrong direction , it all started with `` Be Here Now '' , and they 've just been getting worse and worse since . They hit rock bottom with Heathen Chemistry despite that album shining with a few glimmers of hope.Time will only tell whether they 'll ever get better or get worse .
 Well thankyou Oasis for all the hype but no thankyou , as far as anyone `` should '' be concerned , this is by far the most horrendous and unbearable album to date , and never before have Oasis compeltly lost it , they have now.Every single song on this album is bad , and they are a stupid enough to try and recreate old 1960s rock n roll , instead of creating a revolution or something excting like they used ot do.The production is terrible , sounding like it was forced to sound un polished , not one stand out track , and liams singing is so whiny and awful its unbearable.The biggest dissapointment in the history of music .
 The one star is for Liam 's hair on the inside cover . At least that still has it 's dignity.As for the music , I believe they have finally lost their touch.The Importance of Being Idle , Part of the Queue , and Let There Be Love are mediocre . Unfortunately , all of the other tracks are completely unlistenable.It 's sad that a band who was once so great are putting out this kind of trash , but luckily for their fans , they let us down slowly with Standing On The Shoulders Of Giants and Heathen Chemistry - so at least it did n't come as a big surprise .
 This album is so bad it 's beyond words . Honest to God , being an avid fan of there Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory albums , I tried as hard as I could to accept this new release , but I simply could n't force myself to listen to it more than twice . It is horrid & pathetic , and obviously , these lads from Manchester should quit while they further tarnish their jaded reputation .
 Definitely Maybe and What 's the Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- were classics ! This one really sounds like horrible old car!Don ' t believe that Oasis is good anymore !
 This album is way off what I expect from this legendary group.The problem is , they have set the bar very high . -LRB- What 's The Story -RRB- Morning Glory is possibly the greatest rock album ever . Be Here Now and Standing On The Shoulder Of Giants are also a superb albums.But there is not one song on Do n't Believe The Truth that I consider an anthem . Do n't get your hopes up !
 I 've given this album three listens in the last day thinking eventually my apprehension will subside and the music will sink in . Unfortunately that has n't happened . My biggest criticism of this album is that many songs repeat the same droning melody of anywhere from 2-3 chords , repeatedly just hammering away . There is just such little musicianship in the guitars and vocals on this album that it just sounds like a lot of the same thing song after song . There is no dramatic splendor like `` Wonderwall '' , no soaring riffs and lyrics like `` Live Forever '' , no blues in your bones like `` Do n't Look Back In Anger '' or `` Stand By Me '' , no fun to be found as in `` She 's Electric '' , no anthemic rock as in `` All Around The World '' . It is a straight-laced , in your face , droning rock album that -- as someone else commented -- may be okay for background music but does n't command your full attention . I could n't imagine any of these songs making the cut for What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- , perhaps one or two might have made `` Be Here Now '' . I really wanted this to be Oasis ' return to glory , instead I found it to be a huge disappointment .
 I 'm one of the biggest Oasis fans out there . I own all the albums , all the singles , and all the DVDs . I can play all their popular songs on guitar . I 've even got tickets for their tour this fall.BUT , this new CD does not do it for me . Call me old school , but I 'm not liking this new Oasis . I think the druming is simplistic ... same repetitive beat beat beat in Lyla and Mucky Fingers . The only good song is Let There Be Love . I certainly hope the new B-sides of this album sound like the old Oasis.Now , I 'm kinda disappointed in their fall concert . Because I know the majority of the songs will probably be from this new album .
 To think someone like Noel Gallaghar who wrote such amazing songs as `` Live Forever '' `` Wonderwall '' `` Supersonic '' `` Morning Glory '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' could settle for this rehashed crappy 60s sounding collection of lifeless songs is a mystery.Oasis have gone down hill artistically with `` Heathen Chemistry '' , and album that is the so called return to their days of when they were the biggest thing since sliced bread , the problem was it sounds like them trying to do pale retreads of their previous work , and while `` The Hindu Times '' and `` Stop Crying You Heart Out '' and `` Born on a different cloud '' still showed that Oasis had some juice left . The rest of the album left alot to be desired , filled with pointless and nonsesical tracks such as `` She is Love '' `` Betterman '' and `` Probably all in the mind '' . The last Oasis album they made an artistic effort was with `` Standing on the Shoulder of giants '' no comparison to their better albums but still good , and while they are not a band like `` Radiohead '' who re invent the wheel , its the music that gave Oasis 's songs the life , not just lyrics and trying to repeat what you 've already done.Pick Oasis the worst song from Definitley Maybe `` Digsys Dinner `` Morning Glory `` Hey Now ! `` Be Here Now `` Do n't Go Away `` Standing on the Shoulder of giants `` I can see a liar `` Heathen Chemistry `` She Is Love `` and you already almost have half an album that kicks this drab one -LRB- `` erm '' Do n't Beleive the Truth -RRB- for a six .
 This has all the titles , etc. of the originals , but in comparing the music to originals , I have to believe these are re-recordings by another artist.If you want originals , buy originals . This item did not offer samples of the tracks which is unfortunate , since I would not have ordered this CD if I could have heard it first .
 I remember Liberace from when he had his tv program in the 50 's ... but his piano CD I ordered was sooo pathetic I just can not play it ... I hated it ... and I dont quite know why ... since I used to like his playing ... I am sorry I ordered it , I put it out in the garbage but I noticed someone picked it up -LRB- along with a few other cd 's etc -RRB- ... I wished him good luck with that ... regards , Janet Pollock
 This CD does not do Mr. Rifkin justice at all . It sounds like a cheap `` MIDI '' version of Rikin 's playing - like a cheap $ 50 electric keyboard . Gone are the acoustic sound that can be heard on the concert grand that Rifkin 's original recordings are played on . You 're better off buying the `` UN-mastered '' original CD from Nonesuch Records . This is an insult to one of the greatest Joplin interpreters .
 A Triumph album without the immense all-around talents of guitarist/singer/songwriter Rik Emmett is simply not Triumph . This early 90s release was the one and only effort by drummer/singer Gil Moore and bassist Mike Levine to continue on after parting ways with Emmett . ALLIED FORCES or JUST A GAME this album is not ... by any stretch ! EDGE OF EXCESS -- with former Aldo Nova guitarist Phil X and Toronto youngen Mladen teaming to take over Emmett 's spot only on guitars -- is worlds different from Rik-era Triumph . Gone and sorely missing are Emmett 's sweet vocals and beautiful melodies and great guitar solos . EDGE OF EXCESS does rock hard start to finish but the songs fall miserably short of Triumph gems of years gone by . There 's no depth on this album . Just 10 completely straight-forward , power-driving hard rock songs , all with lead vocals by drummer Gil Moore . A few of them , though , really are n't that bad for what they are . `` Troublemaker , '' `` Child Of The City '' and `` Turn My Back On Love '' are fierce , heavy and loud . Ted Nugent would be proud . I prefer Rik Emmett . EDGE OF EXCESS is not a total triumph , nor is it total Triumph .
 This is a terrible excuse for a Triumph album . The worst , most generic piece of junk ever put out under that name.Rik Emmitt is sorely missed , and this album drowns in mediocrity without his presence.I gave this cd away , I hated it so much . One would hope they could at least live up to a song like `` Follow Your Heart '' from Thunder 7 -LRB- which only used Rik a little bit -RRB- , but they can not even muster a song close to that on this dreadful waste of recording materials.If I could give it a ZERO I would.AVOID , if you liked any other Triumph album .
 This album proves that Rik Emmett was the driving force of Triumph and the most adept musician . Although much heavier sounding than any other Triumph work , the songwriting and musicianship is flat and uninteresting . The production values are decent and one song made it to a movie soudtrack -LRB- Hellraiser III -RRB- This work is OK if you think of it as a different band with the same name , but it ca n't compare to any other Triumph album and it 's a good thing that they called it quits after this .
 Do I have to explain the purpose of a review ? My previous review had nothing to do with whether or not I like Burning Spear . It was completely about the actual DVD from production , quality , and song selection . It is sad that the previous reviewers are simply commenting on Burning Spear . If your point is to give him more respect , praise , and turn more people on to him , then this is definitely the wrong forum . I would suggest buying the original CD `` Live in Paris '' and leave it at that ... Please do n't waste your money as I did on this pile of @ # $ ! Someone has put it out to obviously collect money from suckers who really wanted to see the performance . I 'm sure even Winston Rodney would agree -LRB- although off the record . -RRB-
 After waiting for years to finally see the concert footage from what I have always considered one of my favorite reggae CDs/Albums , this was disappointing beyond belief . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers were watching and if they even watched it , all I can say is that they must work for the production company . This production is soooooooooo sub par , and the audio even worse . There is no apparent cohesion to the DVD at all , we do n't even see a third of the concert . The interviews are pointless and do n't give any ensight into Winston Rodney . -LRB- I 've seen interviews with him and this does him no justice . -RRB- I ca n't really explain the level of my disappointment after waiting sooooo long for this to finally appear ...
 This is what somebody should have told these guys before they released Trilogy . But who cares when everybody is crazy about symphonic-ish rock ? They would buy the album anyway , right?This album contains many long songs . And I mean , long , like in loooooong . Even better , like in `` artificially stretched out '' . It 's not a matter of today 's listeners having a short span attention as many dinosaur rock lovers would make you believe . It 's just , the ideas on this album might reasonably cover five or six minutes of music . Everything else is filler - no matter how many Moog sounds you put into it .
 This review speaks only to the quality of the ultra expensive , Japanese SHM CD version of Trilogy . Look for another version of this c.d. . The hiss that is present during and between songs is unbelievable . It is as bad as listening to an old cassette tape . I am blessed to own the MFSL version which I assume is still the gold standard of this c.d. . I purchased this edition on a lark because it was touted that `` you wo n't believe it 's the same c.d. '' . Well , they were right but for the wrong reason . This is a 10 star title that deserves better .
 To begin with - Donizetti 's finest opera is far from being `` Lucia , '' it is `` La Favorita . '' Just ask musicians and singers , they 'll tell you . But even so , there are just so many holes in Sills ' performance that it is n't even funny . To begin with , her tone is harsh and shrill , even unsteady in places . For another , she sings inaccurately . -LRB- If you do n't believe me , take out a score and follow her . -RRB- And for another , she seems to be recorded in a discrete acoustic that does not allow her to `` blend '' with the other singers -LRB- most noticeable in the famous sextet , which I once used in a class as an example of how more modern recordings do NOT always ensure musical accuracy -RRB- . Bergonzi sings well here , but not as beautifully or with as much fire as he does on the 1965 RCA set with Anna Moffo who , for all her later musical indiscretions , gives here the finest vocal and dramatic reading of this score -LRB- just listen to the `` Verrano a te '' on both sets , compare and contrast -RRB- . If you really must get a `` Lucia , '' go with Moffo-Bergonzi-Pretre on RCA .
 This song is not the most intelligent or the best she has written . It 's kind of sad the way she releases two singles at the same time . One for VH1 and the other for CMT . Shania should stop using gimmicks and let her music speak for itself . She 's a really good artist but she lets the business ruin her creativity .
 Back in the 90 's I would buy random used CDs just because they were cheap . This one cost me about $ 2.00 and I feel that the band owes me my money back . If they had a website I would e-mail them asking for my $ 2.00 check , but they suck so bad I think the band has now gone into the witness protection program just to avoid the 15 angry music lovers who made the mistake of purchasing this pile of crap . Anytime I would sell back some of my CDs I would bring this gem along hoping for an extra 25 cents in credit from the record store , but nobody would buy it . It got to the point where I would just offer to give the CD to the store . Nobody would take it because they already had a few used copies collecting dust . If anybody is interested in purchasing this disc , e-mail me and I will stop using it as a drink coaster and send it your way . Of course I will charge you $ 2.00 for shipping and handling charges just to break even . I read one of these reviews that compared Fungo Mungo to RHCP & Primus , do n't believe it . Maybe if Les Claypool and Anthony Keidis were replaced by Corky from Life Goes On and Gerry from The Facts of Life but until that happens there is no comparison . Do yourself a favor , if you want to waste your money on a band that sucks skip this one and purchase something by Limp Bizkit , Three Doors Down , or Muddle of Pudd .
 It turns out that recordings of solos by the English Horn are very scarce . I took a chance on this one , because I needed something that would let my music-appreciation class hear what an English Horn sounds like.Unfortunately , this recording sounds like what you 'd get if a rank amateur was getting the audio feed from an over-used 78-rpm recording . Noisy ; scratchy ; fading in and out -- the soloist and accompanist played well enough , but the audio quality was pathetic.I managed to play the class one number on this CD , but I shall not be using it again .
 and I think the god must be crazy with a crappy music quality like this!she is not a singer , she is not able to write , play and read the scores/Music . She is an entertainer ! The problem is
 another attempt to fill madonna 's shoes .
 This is a terrible single for a decent , catchy song . Sonically , the remixes fall flat because they do not really suit the song . If you want a really good remix , download K.O. 's Level 5 Toxicity mix instead of buying this .
 hi -LRB- ... -RRB- and i think that britney is a bad influince her music is unbaribale and she is not a good influince on little kids . one time she was on stage and she played with her self and was unclothed ! do u think that is a good influince ?
 I have always hated Britney spears for 1 main reason ... she absolutely can not sing . i was forced into listening to her , and i about died . her video is great only cause shes wearing next to nothing . Bottom line is Britney sucks and id rather her go into the porn industry .
 Arguably , I really think that when it comes to a manufactured Madonna out there now , nobody seem to be a mimic other than Britney Spears . Her music is just as tasteless , and foolish like a man eating fire from a fireplace . This song is really one of the worst songs out there . The song , Toxic really smells like it is just tasteless trash . It really seems to sound exactly alike from all her other hit songs , a bitterfully big , disgraceful miss . I really think she has to really grow up and find another triumph in her belt , other than her eratic songs and behavior . I really hate this song . It is just one of the worst songs ever for 2004 .
 Just like this hollow vocalist , she 's like a f * in cardboard tube filled with a little bit of silicon . Music is a form of art . This means absolutely nothing . Art that means nothing is bad . THIS MUSIC IS BAD .
 This is the most irritating Britney Spears song I 've ever heard . For one thing , single CD 's are a ripoff , and two , this song sucks . I really do n't care how hot Britney Spears is , she sucks . She 's not even that hot . Hilary Duff , on the other hand , is pretty damn fine , and she 's not even trying that hard to be hot . Britney has definately become a sellout . Sellouts piss me off , but not as much as this song . I do n't know if I 'd rather hear this song 50 times in a row or get shot . It 's pathetic how Britney Spears is trying to mix different genres , it sounds crappy . Britney ca n't even sing . She -LRB- ... -RRB- needs to lose some popularity , so I do n't have to hear her damn music .
 YUCK THIS IS AWFUL.I FELT SICK TILL MY EARS AFTER LISTENING TO THIS TERRIBLE SINGLE.THIS IS ABSOLUTE RUBBISH AND IS AN INSULT TO THE WORD MUSIC.STAY AWAY FROM THIS TRASH.GET ANY JANIS JOPLIN CD INSTEAD .
 Britney . What can we say about ... . Britney . Um , she is a bad influence , too showy , her clothes are too skimpy , her music is useless .
 I really hate this song ; Britney 's vocals are shrill and breathy , the lyrics are banal and trite -LRB- the whole `` love or lover as a drug '' metaphor has really gotten old -RRB- , and the production is bland with the James Bond hook being incredibly obnoxious . The song is n't even remotely catchy and it 's a major disappointment coming from the usually excellent Cathy Dennis .
 HOW CAN ANYONE ORDER A PRODUCT WITHOUT ANY INFO ABOUT IT ?? THIS CD DOES NOT GIVE YOU A LIST OF ANY SONGS ... OR A SAMPLE TO LISTEN TO . I WOULD NEVER BUY A PRODUCT IF I DID N'T KNOW WHAT WAS IN IT !!
 Let 's not deny it , Paul Rodgers is one of the greatest singers of all time ; right up there with Percy Plant , Steve Marriott and David Coverdale . And yes , I 'm a fan . Anything by Free and the first three Bad Company albums are pretty much essential listening . But if you 're expecting something of that calibre do n't bother with this . It 's boring , boring , boring ! Stellar cast of guitarists notwithstanding , Mr Rodgers is capable of so much more . Even The Firm and The Law were better than this . And do n't even mention the travesty that was Queen + Paul Rodgers
 My three-year old grandson loves anything to do with firetrucks and firemen , but he did n't like this DVD . It was ridiculous . The two actors were really cheesy and stupid .
 The sound and mixing on these CDs are below anything . It 's the type of CD where you constantly have to adjust the volume because some songs are just inaudible and then others come out blaring . Is there anything more annoying ? The recording is poor quality . And the interpretations are just bland . A waste of money .
 This album was a huge disappointment , the proverbial square peg in the round hole . The band did not learn it 's lesson on `` Love Beach '' . Although there are a few positive notes , they are quickly overshadowed . This is mostly all painful , even after giving it a chance.Some tracks are particularly bad should be re-named by the Producer In The Long Black Coat : Chops On Ice ; Thin Line Between Progressive and Pop ; Give Me A Reason Not To Throw It Away ; Change For the Worse ; Gone -LRB- Not a Moment -RRB- Too Soon .
 ELP should have quit while they ahead with `` Black Moon '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and `` Live at the Royal Albert Hall '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- in terms of their ephemoral 90 's comeback . `` In the Hot Seat '' was just tarnished by quick-fix greed in terms of the quality its tracks are presented in . There is n't a single shred of any timeless ELP instrumental quirks to be found in any of these songs , and the 90 's update of `` Pictures at an Exhibition '' is just plain dolorous ! `` Hand of Truth '' , `` One By One '' , and `` Daddy '' are the only tracks that get the dubious honor of gold , silver , and bronze from me . One last `` below the belt '' blow on `` In the Hot Seat '' would be that even under the influence of a 12-pack , `` Love Beach '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- would sound like heavy dynamic make-out music -LRB- HAH -RRB- !
 What were they thinking ? This cd should be free inside a box of cereal
 ELP was definitely one of the top five bands of the 70 's . One day , they decided to split but , due to contactual complications , were forced to record Love Beach . Christ , it was bad . Emerson and Lake reunited and , along with drummer Cozy Powell , recorded the most dismissable album of the eighties . In 1992 , ELP got together and recorded Black Moon , an album I can only interprit as a mistake . Who knows , maybe they should have held back their reunion a few more years . After all , who the hell wishes to listen to the title track or the song Paper Blood ? But then , as if they had n't screwed up enough already , they recorded In The Hot Seat , an album for which I coiuld only cry after taking my first listen . I was so dissapointed I did n't go to school for a couple of days . The second time I listened to it I just cried until my eyes were dried up into raisins . ELP fans , for the sake of preserving the band 's magic , listen to their first five albums and make sure to burn all copies you get of this huge dissapointment . I would give no stars if Amazon.com allowed me to do so .
 I always defend ELP when people make fun of them and I thought Black Moon was good . But something went horribly wrong in the making of this album . It 's just awful . Love Beach is far better , just to give you some perspective .
 This album is from 1994 and is Emerson , Lake and Palmer 's second studio album since reuniting in 1991 . It has 10 new tracks for a total of 50 minutes . It includes a new 15 minute version of Pictures at Exhibition , for a total of 65 minutes . Sound quality is excellent.Most of the songs on this album are pretty bland but bombastic . It follows the same style as the previous Black Moon.The best track on this album is a Greg Lake patented ballad called Daddy . However , it is one of the most depressing , disturbing songs you will ever hear . It is about a single father who has his young daughter kidnapped and murdered . Although the murderer is caught , they are never able to recover the body for a proper burial . All throughout the song , the father imagines his daughter calling out to take her home.The only other good song is a cover of Dylan 's Man in the Long Black Coat . Street War is OK.This version of Pictures At An Exhibition is supposed to be special because it is recorded with an orchetra and was recorded in Dolby Digital . It is just another unnecessary version of the piece . It is already on 4 other live albums . And this is one of those truncated versions , so it comes off as sounding just like an excerpt.Emerson , Lake and Palmer 's reunion was not very succesful . The two studio albums contained mostly bad songs -LRB- I do n't how anyone can say one was great while the other one was bad . They both sound basically the same -RRB- . Their live albums from this period were fairly unimpressive . There was a very nice version of Tarkus on Live at Albert Hall , but the rest was just old rehashing . It was interesting to see to them on Jay Leno though . It just seems wierd to see these rock bands on the late night talk shows . It used to be that rock was outside of the mainstream .
 Emerson , Lake , & Palmer are pioneers , innovators , virtuoso musicians , and well-deserving of their place in the pantheon of artistic heroes . That said , IN THE HOT SEAT is a stunningly bad stumble , a wretched train wreck that makes LOVE BEACH look like IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING . After thrilling fans with their superb previous studio release , BLACK MOON , then displaying fresh fire on the LIVE AT THE ALBERT HALL set , and releasing a stellar career-spanning box set , ELP was primed for a triumphant new studio album . Instead , for reasons unfathomable , they produced what can only be described as a blight on their careers . At times , ELP has `` swung for the fences '' and missed -- but at least they have been willing to risk failure in order to boldly experiment . But here , there 's not even that sense of adventure ... just a tired sense of fulfilling a contract . Nothing original or inspired ; laden with derivative , pedestrian , and depressing lyrics ; decorated with rehashed licks and arrangements ; plagued with mournful , doleful vocalizing . The best song , depending on one 's perspective , is either `` The Man in the Long Black Coat , '' or `` Pictures at an Exhibition '' -LRB- yet another re-make -RRB- . I mean , I 'm no big fan of TARKUS , but at least the fellows were shooting for the moon on that one ; I had to admire their pluck then . But on this release , I see little that is `` progressive '' and little that is `` rock '' and less that is listenable . Too sad ... please , please , ELP , do n't let IN THE HOT SEAT be your final album . Your legacy deserves so very much more .
 After I read an excellent review I ordered this 2 discs set . I was very disappointed but in any case it is not bad . As far as I understood this is the first recording of this piece , and I appreciate the work done . However , the soloists are too loud many times , the chorus is not impressive and the Orchestra often sounds too dull . I did not get the `` rich Italian Verdi style '' as I expected . Maybe it is after all a question of taste .
 Impossible to make a decision to buy if all you see is Golden Oldies by Various Artists !!!!!!!
 I would have liked to review this cd but I could not get the cd to come up on the screen . All I could get was a list of cd with various artists ... Ernie
 Bring The Noise and Keep it in the Family kick butt ... but that 's about it . I 've mentioned this in other reviews of Anthrax ... I prefer Bush era Anthrax -LRB- the singer , not the president ! -RRB- , but I also consider `` Worship Music '' one of Anthrax 's best discs ever , so I 'm not against Joey Belladonna . However , whether it 's the production or whatever , his voice just does n't cut it for me on this disc . It does n't have that feeling of fullness that it had on `` Worship Music '' where he sounded amazing . Anyway , I 've heard far better from Anthrax and hold them to a high standard , but this is still worth buying for Bring the Noise .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This album from anthrax just sucks . The songs Bring the noise and I 'm the man 91 is lame . I 'm the man 91 is a rap metal song that I guess is a sequel the I 'm the man . It sounds like those limp biskit fags . And the songs with the highest quality are not even that decent . Oh yeah , bring the noise is another rap metal song that anthrax failed to do well . If you want rap metal from anthrax that 's acually good , get I 'm the man . It 's awsome , funny , and the album includes a cover song from black sabbath . This time anthrax let me down .
 I wonder what dvd the reviewer 's talking about where he mentions the songs included as `` Sunday Morning Coming Down '' being one of them ? The only flaw in this dvd is that Sunday Morning Coming Down is not included . It is listed on the dvd , and he only sings the intro , or the first one or two verses and that 's it . He gets away from the song and starts talking about something else . Most disheartening ! As the only reason I bought this dvd was because of that song . I love that song . It 's the story of his life , and many others . But `` Sunday Morning Coming Down '' is KK . You let me down son !
 `` Talk '' # 33 -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .13 th studio album , brought back Anderson , Rabin , Squire , Kaye and White . This album gave us the polished single `` The Calling '' # 3 MSR , and `` Walls '' , # 24 MSR , `` State Of Play '' , sounded good too . Last album with Trevor Rabin , Wakeman and Howe rejoined the band in 1996 .
 I consider myself both a ` trooper ' and a ` generator ' . With a ` trooper ' hat on I could n't do this album justice , and I will wear my ` generator ' hat instead.In my opinion ` Talk ' offers the most concise material of all three ` generator ' albums . The songs are all strong , but I am nevertheless struggling with this album.The weakest track on ' 90125 ` for me was ` Hold on ' , because of the heavy drums and guitar riffs . ` Talk ' offers a lot of the same , and some , especially in the first four songs . Just listen to ' I am waiting ' . What could have been a beautiful ballad keeps being cut to pieces by the boom-boom-boom drums and a rock guitar riff . What was Trevor Rabin thinking when he mixed this ?? And so it comes that ` Walls ' -LRB- a pop song without the omnipresent drums ' -RRB- and the quiet ` Where will you be ' are easiest on my ears , followed by ` Endless dreams ' . Maybe someone will care to remix ` Talk ' one day , take the ` generator ' out a bit , put a bit more ` trooper ' in , and this album could be a joy to listen to , and get four stars . In it 's current form it is only worth two stars . A pity !
 Es curioso lo de la calificaci&oacute;n que da la gente a los discos . Si ves la calificaci&oacute;n que se da a los de Yes , te das cuenta que TODOS est&aacute;n entre 4 y cinco estrellas . & iquest ; Qu&eacute; pasa , que es lo mismo Close to the Edge que Union ? . Por favor . Talk es , desde luego , el mejor disco de la tetralog&iacute;a de Rabin , pero eso no significa mucho . cualquier de los cuatro discos -LRB- e incluyo entre ellos a Union que me parece m&aacute;s de &eacute;ste que de ABWH -RRB- es absolutamente prescindible . Si te gustan los Yes cl&aacute;sicos , los de los a & ntilde ; os 70 , los de Keys to Ascension y los de Magnification , esto es un bodrio . Si te gusta el AOR , Bon Jovi , Van Halen , Foreigner , etc. &eacute;ste no es sino un disco m&aacute;s . Hay miles de discos iguales , con las mismas guitarras , las mismas armon&iacute;as , la misma producci&oacute;n . Es pat&eacute;tico ver a Yes , un grupo caracterizado por la complejidad de sus estructuras musicales , relegado a esto , un mero ejercicio de AOR rampl&oacute;n . Era el signo de los tiempos , si no que se lo pregunten a Asia , GTR y dem&aacute;s supergrupos de la &eacute;poca , pero cualquier seguidor de Yes debe mantener estos cuatro discos fuera de sus estanter&iacute;as , o al menos de sus preferencias . Y de paso que se lleve tambi&eacute;n a `` Open Your Eyes '' , un disco que parece parido por un cl&oacute;nico de Trevor Rabin
 This is the third in the line of the Rabin era Yes fueled attempts . The others were 90125 , Big Generator , and Talk here.Rabin attempted on this album to mesh more closely with Anderson , and although there are some interesting melodies floating around , there is still the basic whammy bar distorted guitar of Rabin which lacks emotional depth . I 've re-listened to it again recently and I ca n't connect to it as I can other Yes titles .
 If you are a Rabin fan or a fan of Rabin-era Yes , you will probably like this one . I think it sounds pretensious and uninspired . Chris Squire is missing in action . Alan White pulls some strong beats out of the can , but the rest is pure Rabin.There are some songs I can stand but most I ca n't listen to all the way through . I got this for -LSB- low price -RSB- in the bargin bin and I am not sure I got a good deal.-A long time Yes fan
 Believe that ` Talk ' was guitarist Trevor Rabin 's swan song with Yes.For some reason , ` Talk ' never did much for me.Liked their ' 90125 ' and ` Big Generator ' CD 's much better.A couple of tunes here that I sort of dug were `` I Am Waiting '' and `` Real Love '' . This MAY have just been an attempt to virtually keep Yes fans ` interested ' in the band as they followed this release up with an extensive summer tour.You know , how sometimes older bands do.Line-up : Jon Anderson-vocals , Chris Squire-bass , Trevor Rabin-guitar & CD producer , Tony Kaye-keyboards and Alan White-drums . ` Talk ' was reportedly a stiff , pretty much for Yes completists .
 Well , all I can say is this
 Trevor Rabin did a remarkable thing with Yes in 90125 . He played an important part in the very fine BIG GENERATOR . But this was a real mistake . Yes was clearly out of gas by this point , and went through the motions behind Rabin 's lead . Steve Howe was never positive about Rabin 's contributions , and this sealed it as far as Howe was concerned . He is right . Apart from the closing track , it is an OK CD by a hired gun . Production values are fine , but this should have been billed as a Trevor Rabin disc . The franchise value was diluted by this effort . It would signal a tail spin for YES that they would not pull out of until MAGNIFICATION . Not as bad as DRAMA , but certainly not up to par .
 If there is one thing that Yes has always delivered , it was being way ahead of the times . Even though the debut `` Yes '' doesnt deliver the signiture `` Yes '' sound , -LRB- something we would here more of on 1970 's Time and a Word -RRB- it is still a solid album . Do I even have to get into the the other amazing albums they released in the 70 's ?? `` Drama '' released in 1980 , already had the comings of heavy synth and electric drums , something that rock bands wouldnt really be using until about 1983 -LRB- when the classic 90125 is released -RRB- Then the late 80 's hits the band , and they deliver the powerful `` Big Generator '' When the 1990 hits the band , they release `` Union '' which wasnt the best effort , but at least produced two excellent radio singles , and some decent songs for the pickings . Ah , its 1994 and Yes is ready to release `` Talk '' Hmmmm ... You would think with all the muscial happenings of that year -LRB- hip hop hits it big , grunge is all over the place , Death Metal is at its peak , and electronica is producing Raves all over the country -RRB- that Yes would be ready to deliver some in your face progressive rock , as Rush did the year before with the best album that they did since `` Signels '' with `` Counterparts '' Instead Yes falls completly flat on their keysters , and delivers us with some soft rock , whining lame album , that stinks more then a dirty diaper . I was expecting so much more from this band , even if they did mellow a little bit on `` Union '' , but I thought they would be ready to give us a strong showing , espically since the world was in a rock and roll frenzy . Like I said , this is a disaster , and it sounds like they went backwards in time , delivering a sound with electric drums -LRB- at least it sounds that way -RRB- and simple brainless songs . I thought Yes was always about moving forward , not backwards , and if they did move backwards , I would at least like to see them re-create their signiture sound . -LRB- as they did with `` The Ladder '' -RRB- The only song that is passable is `` Real Love '' With so many albums to choose from in the Yes catolog , dont even bother with this nonsense , unless you want to use it to fall asleep to , but I rather listen to Yanni instead .
 Although I must admit I have n't kept up with their most recent efforts , I did buy this one as an accident . And it was a mistake . The thing that I loved about early yes material was it 's ability to build prog-rock on minimal chord structure flavored with french organ influences and a relatively impassioned feel . This , however , shows the continued downward spiral of a group that 's forgotten it 's roots and relies on massive over-the-top production rather than the dry , simple beauty of their early works . If you want a taste of old school yes as they should be , go out and buy `` Dots and Loops '' by Stereolab instead .
 This is by far Yes worst album and something anyone should stay well clear of if they are not fully into mediocre AOR . People with large Foreigner , Europe and similar band record collection or heavily into hairdo cliche guitar playing , might be tempted.The record is one of the most cliche filled and trite albums ever , in addition being sterile and lifeless . Due to it 's utter artistic failure it went quickly out of the catalogues but is now unfortunately back in print . It would have been less embarassing for Yes , who after all have produce some of the finest and most innovative rock music ever , if this album had remained out of print .
 As an avid listener and collector of Oldies music , I must say I was disappointed with this CD . It has some excellent songs , true , the digitally remastered quality is also good , but look at the tracks . There are only 10 ! That 's approximately 28 minutes of music . That 's why there are 10 volumes in this collection , because there is so little music on each album.There are better collections out there , and you should get one of them instead of this.The two stars are because I like the music , but there are definately better deals for your money . ~ C ~
 My three-year old grandson loves anything to do with firetrucks and firemen , but he did n't like this DVD . It was ridiculous . The two actors were really cheesy and stupid .
 Bummer ! Besides the 9 audio tracks that offer a great signal/noise ratio and surround experience , all the rest of the material is not accessible if you use a DVD Video player ... which I guess is owned by 99.9 % of the DVD-owner population out there . Unlike another DVD-Audio I have from Yes -LRB- Magnification -RRB- , the visual content of this ELP DVD-Audio is not compatible with `` any player '' with a DVD logo . I can not open the photo gallery , lyrics , audio interview and album essay!Nothing to do with ELP and the B.S.S. record , which I own in CD and love . But this DVD-Audio disc cover and most ads for it on online retailers are misleading in terms of compatibility with DVD Video players .
 Having owed this on vinyl , I was looking forward to adding this to my collection in digital audio . But what a surprise when I played this cd and it lacked the dynamic range and ambiance of the original - I made the mistake of ordering the first version I found - shame on me , lesson learned - note to self '' do more research and read the reviews and check for alternate releases '' - subsequently , I ordered the Shout Factory label version of this album and what a difference that made - the fullness and grandeur was back . Save your bread and do not buy this trash ...
 This is a wonderful album , remastered to cd , it 's certainly the worst effort at remastering I 've ever heard , i made the mistake of not reading reviews before my purchase , had I read them , I would have passed this up .
 This is not a review of the band ELP nor the disc Brain Salad Surgery , but rather a review of the sonic characteristics of the remastered disc being sold on this listing produced by `` Shout . '' I am inspired by the other reviewers who have done a world of good by letting potential buyers know of the problems with the Shout disc . First let me thank them and encourage readers to read the lower ranked reviews.I suppose that your experience with the Shout produced disc will depend on the type of equipment you listen with . For reference , this review was done on Audio Research amp and preamp , Dynaudio speakers and Cal Audio CD player . I think all who review should report the system they are using . I think professional reviewers should post their hearing tests . I assure that a 50 year old reviewer does not hear the same frequencies that a 30 year old reviewer hears . But that 's another issue.I agree with many of the comments from reviewers who do not like the sonic characteristics of this Shout remastered disc , but there is inconsistency with the tracks and some are good . For example , the cut `` Still '' is actually outstanding on this disc , while `` Karn Evil '' is so bad that it is irritating to listen to.So what do you do ? First , ask yourself if you are going to sit in front of your speakers and listen to the disc with a critical ear or have it on as you walk around the house . Are you going to listen through your iPod while you exercise ? If it is the latter two , then you may have no issue with the poor overall sonic quality of the Shout disc.If you fall into the first category and are a critical listener , there are options . The Victory produced disc , while no long produced , is available from many used vendors and is far superior to the remastered disc . In fact , pick up the Victory produced disc for `` Trilogy '' as it is sonically very impressive - more so than the Victory version of Brain Salad Surgery.For critical listeners , I recommend buying the used Victory versions instead of this Shout version . Others have written that the Rhino produced disc is also very good , but I have not listened to it . Check out the Rhino disc as another option.Hope you found this helpful .
 I 'll agree with other reviews in that this is one of the most butchered remasters I 've heard . Maybe the good mastering engineers just are n't around anymore . Overcompressed , overEQ 'd , thin .
 `` Brain Salad Surgery '' was ELP 's undisputed masterwork.Released in December 1973 , it hit # 11 on the Billboard Album charts and it is home to some of the band 's most popular and enduring songs : the gentle ballad `` Still ... You Turn Me On '' , the spellbinding hymn `` Jerusalem '' , the Moog-fried classical-rock piece `` Toccata '' -LRB- an adaptation from Ginastera 's 1 ` st Piano Concerto ,4 th movement -RRB- and the towering muti-part epic `` Karn Evil 9 '' . But unlike the previous ELP Shout ! Factory remasters , this reissue 's remastering of this album is an inept disaster . `` Karl Evil 9 -LRB- 1st Impressions Parts 1 & 2 -RRB- '' is viturally unlistenable-the volume is so low and muffled you have to crank it up to 12 to hear it , and `` Jerusalum '' has a volume increase halfway thorough the track-very poor QC at Shout!Factory . Unlike the others , however , it has two bonus tracks , one 's an alternate mix of `` Jerusalem '' , with Greg Lake 's vocal more upfront than in the original mix , and an instrumental version of `` Karn Evil 9
 This is a great album , obviously , but I have a few things to add about the mastering . I 've read all the reviews of the Sanctuary import version , and a lot of the same problems are here , as well . The first four tracks are fully remastered on this Shout ! version , but the entire Karn Evil 9 suite sounds like it was taken directly from vinyl ! I can hear all the same imperfections I remember hearing on vinyl growing up . It sounds like they used the wrong tapes for Karn Evil 9 , because that suite is NOT remastered . The difference is very obvious !!!
 5 Stars for Brain Salad Surgery , of course . 1 Star for this remastering on the Deluxe Edition -LRB- SACD -RRB- . The midrange on this Deluxe Edition has been jacked up with EQ and it is compressed enough so that Lake 's vocals now grate a bit , but most difficult to understand is how this sound was considered appropriate for Palmer 's drums . When his first beat kicks in with hi-hat in tow around 1:30 into `` Jerusalem , '' I think some folks will probably say to themselves
 The only reason to buy this packaging over previous versions is the SACD disc , so this review concerns only that disc.This is quite possibly the worst SACD engineering effort ever . If there 's a worse one , I certainly do n't want to hear it . After the opening song I was switching with known discs to make sure my system was not broken . After the second song I moved to another system to ensure there were n't compatibility issues with that player.The mid range is highly boosted in most places , the bass is nearly nonexistent , the high frequencies come and go within songs , but mostly from the rear channels , rarely from the front . Lake 's vocals disappear into the background as if he 's singing from a pub next door , only to come out full force from nowhere , then retreat again . The volume of the rear channels is jacked way up relative to the front . Instruments switch channels at apparently random times , creating an experience like a Quadrophonic demo LP . Rather than feeling like you 're in the middle of the studio , you feel as if you are listening to a child with a panning joystick . Given the imbalance in equalization and volume , this effect is particularly grating , as within a single passage an instrument will jump from a boosted channel with full high end to a softer one with compressed highs then back again . Even the liner notes are a mess , with `` Manticore '' sometimes spelled `` Manicure , '' and incorrect references to the musicians ' respective backgrounds.If you want the CD , buy another edition . This set is not worth having at any price , let alone a high one .
 I agree with Jeff 's review below . The sound on this thing is horrific . It 's mega-compressed and overly bright . The more they mess with this album . the worse it sounds . Go back and find the original Atlantic version ... crank up your stereo ... and enjoy the * dynamics * of the music .
 They screwed this up with the remastering . . Brain Salad SurgeryIt sounds more like a bad boot leg copy then what should it should be . I am very disappointed in the product . I advise buying the re-issued version maybe that will sound like the orginal album , not this abortion of quality work .
 I totally agree with other users comment about the horrible mastering of this CD.First , the overall volume is very low for a CD . Second , the voice is simply buried by the instruments while guitars , piano and organ volume are higher than everything else , including percussions.Track one is an abomination . The volume REALLY shift after 1m30 or something , and all the song is so damped that more than one audition is intolerable . I skip it and directly go to track 2 everytime.Just listen to the Amazon samples above and then , listen to the Rhino mix . You wo n't believe the difference !! I give it two stars because of the packaging which is an honest effort ...
 I was so looking forward to hearing this on my new toshiba 4800 . What a letdown.Most of the material seemed to be different versions or outtakes of a quad soundtrack they did not release thirty years ago.Maybe DTS would have helped.After tweeking my system the disc improved somewhat , but . . still all hype cant turn me on .
 Beware all 2-channel audiophile enthusiasts ! Even though the back cover and booklet of the ELP Brain Salad Surgery DVD-A note a 2 channel mix is available , a 2 channel mix is not available on the disc . The menu offers a 5.1 audio option , and for the video portion , a 2 channel mix .
 This is still the wrong mix of this album . Hopefully , Shout ! Factory will find the correct master .
 BSS is their best album . As a whole , it holds together okay but the flaws are still there . Emerson figures himself to be some sort of Paganini of the keyboard and the lyrics , particularly of Karn Evil 9 are pretentious words strung along . I realize that this is designed to be a lot more inaccessible than your average pop music . Yet , many of the songs are just words put together and are not meaningful . Lots of flash with this trio but little substance , I 'm afraid .
 I was a huge Emerson , Lake and Palmer fan before and after this album . I attended the concert for this album tour at the Long Beach Arena when the sound system was in quadraphonic -LRB- two speaker arrays in front and two speaker arrays in the back -RRB- . I owned the vinyl version of Brain Salad Surgery and played the grooves out of it . This is important only because of what I am about to say , and that is , this album is one of the most ponderous , pretentious , boring , self-indulged albums I have ever heard.I was looking forward to hearing the digital version of this and started with `` Karn Evil 9
 I remember when I listened to this record for the first time in a record shop , a mature guy looked truly upset and said `` this is garbage ! '' I was a silly prog rock teen then so I looked at him with contempt . What does this old geezer know , I thought.Turns out the old geezer was sooooo right.This album is terrible . Why listening to all that massive keyboard layers in Jerusalem , when any old church choir can do a more convincing , emotional version ? Or why listening to Emerson 's dubious synth experiments in Toccata , when any good piano player can do it so much better ? -LRB- in case you do n't know , Ginastera 's work is originally for piano -RRB- . Many people felt really bad when the disco craze came and swept away most of the icons of dinosaur rock , like these guys . In retrospect , I guess the Bee Gees did n't look that bad in comparison .
 I do n't understand why anyone would get so wound up about the mastering of this . It was terrible when it was released , now it sounds terrible & dated . If you want good prog rock , get some Can , Neu , or Faust , if you want experimental rock that has intelligent lyrics , buy some Zappa . If on the other hand , you have some terrorists locked up & need to play something to torture them with , this will do quite well , prog rock for people with no musical sensibility or intelligence .
 There is only two songs worth listening to !
 but this shout factory remaster I foolishly purchased is n't . The remastering quality is just awful . Jerusalem is thin , dry and gets slightly louder at about 1:31 , karn evil 9
 I 'm not going to talk about whether I like ELP or their music or this album other than I really liked this LP as a kid and was happy to bump into a `` Re-Mastered '' CD version of it.However , I have to say that the sound is about the worst re-mastered CD I 've heard to date . Most noticable on my system is that the precussion parts have been severely obliterated - the cymbals are mostly missing and when noticable sound unreal - not at all like the LP - and most of the rest of the drum kit is noticably muted . Levels are inconsistent within single tracks and from track to track . Karn-evil 9 part 1 seems to have grossly filtered , muted , and muffled . The other reviewer 's comment about low pass filtering seems accurate . This CD seems to have lost much of the realism and clarity of the LP.What a disappointment .
 Be warned ! While this import sounds amazing , it 's not the same mix as the album we all know and love . `` Jerusalem '' and `` Benny The Bouncer '' feature completely different vocals from Greg Lake .
 Apparently the remastering process consisted of feeding the original analog tracks through a low pass filter . Everything is bottomed out and the CD sounds like you 're listening to it with a blanket wrapped tightly around your head . To add insult to injury , this effect is not consistent from track to track , or even within the same track .
 I am one of the few people -LRB- the rest of you know who you are -RRB- who believe that SACD has been the missed opportunity that audio fans and music lovers who do n't want to be bothered with vinyl were waiting for . So with that in mind , I really purchased this for the SACD portion of the set . I am of an age that I remember ELP at their peak and always hoped to get a great digital remaster of one or all of their best recordings . As far as the SACD disc goes this is not it . In fact it is by far the worst SACD I have ever purchased , popular or classical.I own two of the best SACD players ever built , the Sony SCD-XA9000ES and the Marantz reference player . I first decided to preview the SACD disc on the Sony using the headphone jack and my Sennheiser HD600s . The sound on the first track Jerusalem was so bad - literally distorted , that I thought there was a problem with the player or the headphones . I switched to the Marantz and my Sony MDR-F1 headphones and it sounded even worse ! At that moment I realized I should have taken some of the negative reviews more seriously . Although some of the later tracks on the SACD disc are better , overall in is bad , just bad . It is an embarrassment that any studio engineer and any recording label actually issued this disc.The CDs are good , not great , but listenable . But if you were hoping for the full SACD experience that was possible for ELP you will be bitterly disappointed .
 Well ... What can I say ... after purchasing the entire remaster catalogue of this band ... and then reading these reviews -LRB- after the fact -RRB- ... I finally listened to this CD ... what a majort disappointment ... This was just about the absolute WORST remastering job I 've ever had the misfortune of encountering . . A total waste of money ... unless you enjoy having your ears assaulted ... Altho they did a good job of reproducing the original packaging in minature ... maybe the packaging folks should have mastered the sound as well ???? They sure could n't do any worse.Since then ... I have ordered the Rhino version . . as I 've heard it is a pretty good mastering job . -LRB- ie faithful to the original albums sound -RRB- There 's a lesson to be learned here
 In general I have been enjoying the Shout ! remasters a lot , but in this , arguably ELP 's masterpiece , somebody really messed things up with the remastering.I have been comparing the sound of the songs with the versions from 1993 's Return of the Manticore -LRB- from Victory Music -RRB- and things are strange indeed
 A fantastic band and a truly classic album but I had to return this item due to the quality of the vinyl LP pressing . Not only was there a large scratch on the first track that made it unplayable but there was a vicious level of surface hiss on the rest of the album . I have a newer Techniks turntable and the substandard audio quality is very evident .
 We obtain a vinyl disc ELP `` Brain salad surgery '' production Shout ! factory records . The disc has on both sides of the broad transverse stripes . As Grading is similar to the Fair . It happened at the factory packaging . Although the seller advertised it as new . I would like to sent me a new drive , without damage , and even without an envelope .
 I do not know what the author of another review for this CD means by the ` music-industry-equivalent of the dark ages ' . If the author is referring to progressive rock , the early to mid 70 's were very much the Renaissance of the music industry . As a matter of fact , Emerson , Lake and Palmer are a supergroup formed by three members from progressive rock bands that had been around since the mid 60s
 Kind has not been kind to the `` progressive '' rock of the 1970 's . What sounded like a major achievement quarter of a century ago today sounds pompous , overblown , and embarrassingly pretentious .
 This CD is a little fine , but i prefer the new musical production of the puertorican Diva Celines , titled HISTERIHA . Really , Millie is a good exponent but Celines is the QUEEN OF THE MUSICAL GENRES .
 Jim Croce was a great singer songwriter . This CD just straches the surface - The 2 CD `` Jim Croce 50 Anniversary '' collection is so much more worth the cost of a few extra bucks-you get all of his original works . If you only know some of his song -LRB- and like what you hear -RRB- - get the Anniversary collection it is well worth the cost and the effort . Enjoy-Jim 's Music Lives Forever
 Jim Croce was a curious figure . While capable of writing observant , witty and memorable songs such as ` Bad , Bad Leroy Brown ' and ` You Do n't Mess Around With Jim ' , he could also produce sentimental slop such as ` Operator ' or ` Lover 's Cross ' . Unfortunately , the slop predominates , tuneful though the slop may be . This CD is worth getting just for the handful of genuine classics . The rest require a sick bucket and may give you sugar diabetes if you listen to them more than once .
 The remastering makes the recording tinny & lacks depth.Sad thing to do to Jim Croce 's music.This was the BEST album made , the music was originally some of the most beautiful , earthy , talented music ever recorded ... There may have been some poorly remastered dicks & some not ? so you might want to take a chance & see what it sounds like to you . I did NOT get mine here , so cold have been a bad run ??? The album is fantastic ! Jim Croce died WAY too young . He was VERY talented .
 CD casing was broken apart in shipment ! Item was poorly protected , not even wrapped internally ! This would easily have fit in a small post office mailing box but noooo - they had to use a paper envelope instead , I paid nearly $ 12 for this and all I got was an item in pieces ! The CD wo n't even play since it has scratches on it as well ! I want my money back .
 Is it possible for David Bowie to be just another band member ? Blantant attempts are made on Tin Machine II to try to convince you of this . Hunt Sales sings lead on a couple tracks . The album cover features 4 identical statues . The back cover shows the four members in similar black attire , backs turned and faceless . But let 's face it , Bowie is and will always a shining star of a frontman with charisma that is hard to match . The tracks Sales sings on are simply awful . Most of the other tracks sound like boring adult rock along the lines of The Travelling Wilburys with maybe a few tricks thrown in . Egad ! The only thing I see `` risky '' about this album is that it was released in the first place . It sounds unfinished and lacks continuity -LRB- something a leader or a band that was n't contrived may have offered -RRB- . The only standout tracks -LRB- or at least those that do n't stand out for being so bad -RRB- are ` Baby Universal ' , a tight pop number with great maniacal guitar licks , and ` You Belong in Rock and Roll ' which is so laid back it 's chilling . Their cover of ` If There is Something ' ai n't bad , but I 've never heard a Roxy Music cover that came close to touching the original . Best thing about Tin Machine was that it unearthed guitarist Reeves Gabriels , whose skills were better inmplemented in Bowie 's subsequent solo albums ` Outside ' and ` Earthling ' . As far as Bowie goes , I just ca n't see how this CD could ever be rated 5 stars by anyone who has heard the man 's 1970s material .
 I must tell you , the sound quality on this is horrible , so unless you 're left with no LP or Cassette of their first album recordings , such as `` Fall in Love Again '' , I would skip this because it 's no improvement is sound -LRB- or can it even be worse -RRB- . This band is currently redoing it 's early catalog , and maybe they 'll re-release their 1st album as well . I would wait . For the price , I 'd stick with your squeaky cassette .
 This is the U.S. release of the album . It does not contain all the tracks listed in the description , and some of the tracks have been edited down . Buy the import version if you want the original album .
 For some weird reason , record companies have just assumed that British and American audiences are so different , that even the way music is packaged must be differently . This is why Beatles ' albums were first released in the US with single tracks replacing album tracks , etc. . It continued in the 70 's with the first Clash album . And in 1991 , it happened with the Orb . The two-disc version that you now find everywhere was n't released in the US until 1994 . Polygram released the one-disc , Island the 2-disc . So why is this version so terrible ? For starters , Side B -LRB- Back Side of the Moon and Spanish Castles in Space -RRB- are gone , mostly because as Dr. Alex pointed out , how do you edit them down ? The whole point was the lying back and just listening . This is n't even the worst thing done to the album . Apparently deciding that Perpetual Dawn was n't already accessible enough , they switched it out for the Solar Youth mix -LRB- also found on U.F.Off -RRB- , a 4-minute long version with really stupid lyrics thrown on . Usually Youth did better when working with the Orb , but this was just terrible . Then , they switched out the original Star 6 & 7 8 9 for the `` phase II '' mix -LRB- on a side note , both the Solar Youth and Phase II were found on the Perpetual Dawn single . Why not just leave them there ? -RRB- that is nowhere near the sweetness of the original , and while very Orb-like , was a switch for the worse . Of course , this version has now become a collector 's item , mainly because when American could get the real version , they did so , and this version disappeared . Your best bet is to get the 2-disc version and if you liked these versions , to get the Perpetual Dawn single . It 's a fairly common occurence on Ebay , and has the very nice Ultrabass mixes of Perpetual Dawn on it .
 I also bought this double dose of boredom based solely on reviews . The thought that I may save someone else the aggravation of listening to this drove me to write a review myself . One question
 I bought this on the strength of `` Little Fluffy Clouds '' and all the rave reviews . For the most part , however , my own scans suggest that the Ultraworld is devoid of life . With synthed out countdowns and mission control crosstalk , the Orb tries hard to convince you of the spacy , `` far out '' adventure they 're taking you on . Then you look out the portal and realize you 've never even left the launchpad . There just was n't enough musical complexity or thematic change to pull me in and carry me along on the promised , ethereal journey . If you 're looking for those elements in ambient electronica , you might want to try something from Patchwork or Alien Mutation and skip this 2-disc borefest .
 Once again I 've been suckered by glowing reviews into purchasing an album that could have been made by an auto plant robot . It 's basically the opening track of `` Dark Side of the Moon '' overlaid with old newscast voices and your little brother blowing bubbles through his straw . The best I can say for this is that it 's not as obnoxious as Lesiem 's `` Mystic Spirit Voices . '' I 'm sticking with Steve Roach .
 I managed to listen to one song from this CD -- Little Puffy Clouds . Reminded me a lot of a song or two from the album `` Mix Up '' by Patrick O'Hearn . Or maybe I should have -LRB- time traveled and -RRB- listened to this CD first ; then I 'd be saying the same thing about Patrick O'Hearn 's CD.Original sounding music -LSB- yawning -RSB- is soooooooooo hard to find . Especially `` original '' trance-type music . It 's , come to think of it , an oxymoron
 I managed to listen to one song from this CD -- Little Puffy Clouds . Reminded me a lot of a song or two from the album `` Mix Up '' by Patrick O'Hearn . Or maybe I should have -LRB- time traveled and -RRB- listened to this CD first ; then I 'd be saying the same thing about Patrick O'Hearn 's CD
 Je suis un peu d&eacute;u par cet album ... c'est morne , le son est pas top ... a trane dans les longueurs ... bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre &agrave; l' &eacute;poque aussi ! a &agrave; qd mme 13 ans !
 Well , I had some high expectations about this album . I thought I would hear a voice with that something special . Anyways , listening to it was dissappointing . I just went into that long list of music that just `` floats '' by . Not much to go give a big shout out for .
 Be careful . I bought this version of the deeply soulful and much beloved THE INTIMACY OF THE BLUES disc here , as i 'd sold my 1991 Polygram records copy . I got an MP3 player some years ago and put the original recording on it . Then i sold it . Here 's how the two versions differ as i still own a cassette of the 91 date . These are it 's songs and proper sequence ; AI N'T NECESSARILY SO , PEGASUS , JIVE COFFEE , SKYLARK , WOULD N'T IT BE LOVERLY , THE INTIMACY OF THE BLUES , THE ACROBAT , EVERY TIME WE SAY GOODBYE , WHEN JOHNNY COMES MARCHING HOME . The version pictured above -LRB- without Larry with his arms crossed -RRB- are ; BOOKER 'S LITTLE BLUES , WHEN JOHNNY COMES MARCHING HOME , INTIMACY OF THE BLUES , AI N'T NECESSARILY SO , SKYLARK , THE ACROBAT , PEGASUS , JIVE COFFEE . As you can see , the sequencing is changed and WOULD N'T IT BE LOVERLY and EVERY TIME WE SAY GOODBYE are removed . Yes , you do get BOOKER 'S LITTLE BLUES . It 's not the same recording at all . The flow is gone . Someone please tell me how and why this can be done to a BRILLIANT jazz recording ? What a shame . And not a whisper of the changes to you the buying public . Lookout . I wished i 'd have known . I would not have bought this version . Period . This German import -LRB- with the lover 's faces -RRB- is not even called `` THE '' INTIMACY OF THE BLUES , like it 's TRUE original . Nor is the title song on the disc . Perhaps that 's how this troubling trend ? will start . Lets hope not .
 I really should have known better . `` Bliss ? '' Songs entitles `` Kissing '' and `` Wish U Were Here -LRB- or There -RRB- ? But I could n't have known about the ridiculously overorchestrated Bach rip-off that starts the album off , unvaryingly somnambulistic tempos , the recurring ultra-sleazy accordian , Deep-Thoughts type lyrics , and worst of all , the ubiquitous , shrieking East African male voice which I gather is intended to add an `` exotic '' flavor to this mess -LRB- I wonder how many purchasers of this album have visited such `` exotic '' places as Mogadishu and Khartoum -RRB- . This piece of sickly-sweet garbage is going back to the record store today , and if they refuse to take it back I swear I 'll do a charge back on my CC . I guess I prefer my chill music with more `` cool '' and more of an edge , and a plastic spork has more of an edge than this album . I can even imagine 12 year old girls rolling their eyes in cynical amazement if someone slapped this on at a pajama party . Bands like Bent , A Man Called Adam and Zero 7 do this sort of thing so much better . Seriously , though , I can understand why some might love this -LRB- the recording quality and production are superb on a very high end two channel stereo , it has the requisite ethereal female vocals -RRB- . My advice , however , would be to listen before you buy , especially if your afflicted with a y-chromosome . It 's back to Thievery Corporation , DJ Krush and WaterMusic 's non-ballearic chill compilations -LRB- as well as the abovementioned artists -RRB- for me .
 Simon Rattle has avoided Schubert 's music for twenty years , and having put a toe in the water , he 's outdone by a masterpiece . It 's hard to believe such finicky , over-pointed phrasing is really sincere . Maybe Rattle 's trying to bring Schubert into the canon of clipped , shallow period Beethoven . Whatever the intention , this is charmless conducting and playing , without an ounce of relaxation or joyful high spirits . Absent those qualities -- so perfecttly captured by Beehcam 's recordings of the early symphonies -- it 's pointless to fiddle while Schubert burns . Many other conductors have given us memorable Ninths -- my favorites are Bernstein on Sony , Klemperer on EMI , and Sinopoli on DG -- but this is far from adding to the list .
 This is not one of Rattle 's great successes . First he is accorded somewhat nasal sound , with a particularly small sound stage with very limited reverberation -LRB- a la Toscanini 's era -RRB- . The result is that the orchestra sounds as if it is a caricature of itself , with particular emphasis on poingy-sounding timpani . It does not sound at all like other productions from the Philharmonie . The performance itself suffers from being overconducted , with too many points of interest hyperbolized for the sake of being distinguished . The playing is superb . Much like Rattle 's overconducted Beethoven Cycle with the VPO , this performance suffers from perhaps too much orchestral control.Listeners should consider Karajan 's 1969 DG recording for a well-nigh definitive BPO interpretation of the 9th . Other superb versions are available from Bohm and the Staatskapelle Dresden Orchestra on DG , one of his last live concerts , Michael Gielen 's RSO Stuttgart performance on Hanssler Classics , Abbado 's Chamber Orchestra of Europe version for DG , Sinopoli 's SDO interpretation also from DG , and for those who feel I am too DG-oriented , Masur 's Leipzig Gewandhaus digital recording from the eighties . Other fine interpretations , though older , include Szell 's Sony-CBS Cleveland Orchestra version , and Kubelik 's outstanding live concert from Bavaria on Audite . This list should keep any lover of D. 944 busy for a while . Cheers , Sir Simon , but this is not one of your greatest moments .
 Simon Rattle first should be congratulated for what he has done that is so refreshing . In many ways and in many recordings , Rattle has simply sidestepped the old polarities in performance traditions . He is oftentimes both Furtwangler and period conductor in the same orchestral piece . At his best , this comes of as genuinely uncalculated and oddly idiomatic . Unfortunately , as with his Vienna/Beethoven set , this performance is transparently calculated and decidedly unidiomatic.Let us first dispense with the notion , suggested by some , that Rattle has summoned from the Berlin players a sound they have not produced since the days preceding von Karajan . It unfairly discredits some very un-Karajan like performances of Schubert 's 9th in the last 40 years and , unfortunately , fairly discredits the speaker who betrays an utter ignorance of the sonic refulgence that characterized a Furtwangler performance of Shubert 's 9th . Karl Bohm and Gunter Wand have both conducted this orchestra in rightfully celebrated recordings that demonstrate a depth of sound and a sense of architecture that hearken to that same earlier performing tradition to which Rattle seeks to lay claim.Previous reviewers have pointed out the fussy phrasing . It is fussy and often counterintuitive and other reviewers have done well to warn potential purchasers . The final criticism I would like to make is about the balance and the sound of the orchestra . The balance of the recording is so bad that I have listened to it four or five times now and have not been able to determine if Rattle or EMI is to blame . No concert hall sounds like this . The winds are amazingly distant , the strings are shockingly immediate , and there exists no sonic evidence of a concert hall separate from the stage . The final complaint is EMI 's fault , surely . Regarding the first two complaints ; it is hard to get a sense for the size of the ensemble that is performing . With the string dominance , I try to imagine sitting middle to front on the floor with the orchestra 20 yards away . There are no risers for the winds . I imagine the trumpets and trombones tucked deep into some corner from whence they occasionally emit sheepish tones . I guess I am trying to say , of all the venues in which I have heard so many different orchestras of varying sizes , I have never heard an ensemble 's balance sound like this . For those Shubert devotees that treasure live performances of this piece , this ought to sound shamelessly overengineered . This is too bad , because an orchestra like this does n't need EMI 's help .
 Now the other night I had the house to myself and I was settling down to listen to one of my favourite recordings - the Gieseking Emperor from 1944 - when there was a knock on the door . It was Lucifer himself . He was dressed in the best suit that that Savile Row has to offer . He was immaculately groomed . His shoes shone like the sun . `` What do you want ? '' I snapped through the security door . `` My dear Bernard , there 's no need to be alarmed ... . yet , '' he purred languidly . `` I am just trying to be convivial . I was in the area . Your wife and kids are out for the night . Besides , look at this ! `` I quickly donned my Karl Bohm-style glasses to squint at the object in his possession . `` Yes , it 's a bottle of Falernian from the table of Trimalchio himself , '' he whispered . `` Not even my Opposite Number could resist this temptation ! `` I promptly opened the door and ushered him in . Two minutes later , Lucifer uncorked the bottle with aplomb . In my deference to my guest , I pulled out Muti 's recording of the Scriabin Third and cranked it up full-bore . `` So what 's going on in Hell ? '' I said at last as we settled into the armchairs , glasses in hand . Lucifer savoured the aroma of the wine before replying . `` Well , we 've put in a new lava slide and those burning hayrides with Hitler are a real hit . I have also invested - one of my favourite words - in a new public address system . And while it is always good to catch up with you , Bernard , that 's the real reason why I 'm here . `` I nodded my head . `` You need a suitable recording to christen - so to speak - the PA ! Leave it to me . I have a CD that will put the fear of God into anyone , you included . `` Now Christmas past , one of my sisters had given me a copy of the Brady Bunch singing Carols as a larkChristmas With the Brady Bunch . Greg 's contribution almost warrants the attention of a dog-catcher . I retrieved it from my collection and handed it over to my guest who promptly screwed up his face . `` That 's not what I had in mind , '' he replied indignantly . `` We both know there is another performance which merits hellfire itself . Indeed , some consider it an act of sacrilege . Many a person has lost their faith in the competition upon hearing it . `` Beads of sweat congealed on my forehead . `` You 're talking about Sir Simon 's performance of the Schubert Ninth with the Berlin Philharmonic ! `` My guest nodded his head gleefully as he sipped away at his wine . `` You can not add any further to the torment of the Damned , '' I hissed back . `` All that uber-fussiness on Rattle 's part ; his complete lack of appreciation for Schubert 's sonorities ; his bumbling around in the slow introduction ; his mutilation of the phrases - even they deserve better ! `` Lucifer laughed gaily . `` Oh yes , that 's exactly what I have in mind . My own copy has gone missing . I lent it to Heydrich and the bugger lost it somewhere in the Ninth Ring . `` He lent forwards . `` Bernard , you must give it to me now ! I will brook no opposition . If you do not hand it over immediately , I will ... `` There was a rattle of keys at the front door . My beloved wife had come home early . A look of fear came to his face . I nodded my head in appreciation . `` Oh yes , it is time for you to leave , my friend ! We are all someone 's fool , if not whipping boy ! `` Lucifer dematerialised on the spot . Normality resumed in my household . With quiet satisfaction , I progressively finished off the Falernian over the next few nights . But every time I survey my CD collection , I make damn sure that my Rattle Schubert Ninth is firmly lodged between the Brady Bunch Christmas Album and ` David Hasselhoff Sings America ' . That 's its rightful place in the cosmos .
 The performance is , according to the description , by Jansug Kakhidze , Tbilisi Symphony Orchestra , not Rattle . What 's going on ? Did I download Kakhidze or Rattle ? It would be nice to know . The performance I heard sounded pretty lightweight compared to others I 've heard , but I do n't know who 's performance I heard .
 I went on a road trip recently and purchased about 5 or 6 comedy CD 's . This was one of them and was easily the worst of the lot.I am rating it 2 stars but it really was a one-star experience . Repetitive without being cleverly so , unsophisticated without guffaws , neither subtle nor over-the-top ... I am amazed to find that so many people before me actually enjoyed this . I was n't offended , confused , or alienated by the content . I was bored . To give you an idea
 This cd is funny once in awhile . Listening to once a week is deadly . Larry is funny but then ruins his jokes by saying I dont care who you are , thats funny or the every annoying and over exposed GIT R DONE !!!!!!!!!!!! Very sick jokes about incest .
 This is humor ? When does the humor begin ? Is it close to the end cause I reckon that this ai n't funny . Maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , I reckin !
 The concept of melding Celtic music traditions with African , American , and Latin conventions sounds better than it actually , well , sounds when you hear it . Eileen Ivers and the array of diverse musicians who created Immigrant Soul are undeniably talented and exuberant . But nearly every clich&eacute; is invoked in this too slickly produced CD . The irony is that there is no soul left.Consequently , this whole-hearted approach to fusion does not hold up to repeated listenings . Some tracks such as Darlin ' Corey and Paddy in Zululand work because they catch you off guard . So do most , but not all , of the instrumentals.Lowlights include the confusing mix Mundo Pequen ~ o / Small World , which has the same effect on me as someone dragging his or her nails across a chalkboard . Others , such as the dreary Reconciliation , drag on too long . The `` yo-yo-yo '' intro to BX Style foreshadows the problems that manifest in this track.I can only take small doses and drams of this collection in one listening -- anymore than that leaves me with a headache .
 why is this cd so expensive !! i really want this album but really 179 dollars it breaks my heart =[ please help me
 I got this CD not too long ago , I expected songs similar to the album ` Brother Arab ' , but Arabian Prince changed up his style . Now he used slow synthed strings , and more sexual lyrics then before . He found another rapper named Side Show to help back him up , probably because Arabian Prince was n't use to this kind of rap style . The album had the gangsta beat with too much emphasis on b-tches and f -- n . There are maybe three tracks that are enjoyable to listen to , but the other ones sound to repetitive or just too slow . The highlight of the album is the song `` Underworld '' when Arabian Prince brings back a fast tempo song about the ghetto . The best slow-synth song would be `` Ho 's 2 Bozack '' . A.Prince brings a lot of the NWA 's production crew to make the album . I do n't have the import version of this album , but i think there are maybe one or two bonus songs .
 This album has British saxophonist Courtney Pine really coasting - smooth & mellow with a predominance of synthesisers & drum programming with no real `` blowing '' or hard edges . Very , very reminiscent of Kenny G with some synthesised reggae inflections & also some rather schmaltzy vocal work . If you like that sort of thing , fine , but in my humble opinion `` smooth '' jazz like this just is n't worth the time or money , given the abundance of truly high quality , inventive jazz available .
 Please DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! They fail to mention in the description on Amazon that this is not an authorized documentary . Secondly , when I put the DVD in my computer to play it came up as `` Linkin Park , Conspiracy Theory '' . This is n't even a new DVD ; they just recycled their other failed attempt to make a buck off of Linkin Park 's success . So if you have the Conspiracy Theory DVD , my apologies to you , and do n't buy this DVD , it is the same thing . If you do n't have either of these DVD 's , DO NOT BUY !!! You are not missing out on anything .
 This doco is n't authorised by the band . It 's actually really boring and the lack of music from LP is really noticeable . Disappointed with this purchase .
 I am a confirmed obsessive Linkin Park fan . I personally found this a bit boring . This is unauthorized so it did not have enough of the band contributing to the project .
 If you just trying to know the band for the first time . ok . But you are better off with the Linkin Park product from the Band or Label itself .
 An amazing talent , unrivaled . Well , that 's my opinion . The less than stellar review is for the package , not the music.Three CDs in a double CD case I have n't seen since the mid 80s . I thought these CD cases were extinct ! Very cheap!There is NO CD book included . All we get is three CDs and a list of tracks . It might as well be a CD-R burned in someone 's basement.That being said , there are a few gems that I did n't previously own ; this is a good thing . Thanks to the miserable packaging , however , for songs that are new to me I know nothing more than their title . I have no clue when they were recorded or where they first appeared -LRB- on the B side of this or that , etc. -RRB- . For -LSB- the price -RSB- I think someone somewhere could have put some effort into creating a nice CD package . Cyndi deserves better . When the CD arrived , I was VERY disappointed.No matter what ... nothing will ever change the bottom line - I love Cyndi Lauper .
 The other reviews are all on point , but for those of us who remember the Motown acts that graced the Ed Sullivan show in the 60 's , I stand to say for that reason alone , this box set is woefully disappointing . The Supremes debuted You Ca n't Hurry Love on the show in 1966 to coincide with the next-day release of the single . They would always sing a medley or standard . Every Motown act sang a hit song and then sang a medley of their hits . The Temptations and The Supremes sang a historical medley of each other 's hits in 1967 . Not that he was with Motown but mentioning anyway , James Brown sang an amazing medley featuring Please , Please , Please . None of these outstanding performances are on this box . Sad , but true . -LRB- I 'd even settle on Elvis singing Ca n't Help Falling In Love With You , for that matter , and even THAT is n't on this set . -RRB- However , we DO have multiple performances of The Supremes singing Love Is Like An Itching In My Heart and Come See About Me as well as The J5 performing I Want You Back as well as James Brown singing Prisoner Of Love . There are other duplicates and wastes of valuable disc space that could have been spent on other performances . You can find VHS copies of all of the Motown acts on Ed Sullivan , or even all of The Supremes Ed Sullivan 's performances on VHS on ebay . Granted , they are bootlegs , but at least you 're getting what you want for a lot less money . Word to the wise , SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Buy it at a deep discount or used or not at all . I was thoroughly disappointed . True Motown fans will be happy with Marvin Gaye singing Take This Heart Of Mine , but to spend nearly two hundred dollars for one rare performance is robbery . Now , it 's not too much to ask for the powers that be to go back and redo , or even produce a separate Sullivan DVD featuring all of the Motown acts in their entirety , is it ? I was a fan of Ed Sullivan anyway and even if you take away the Motown acts , this DVD is still lacking in so many valuable and historic performances . His show was a launching pad for many acts ; his show was THE variety show of its time . EVERYONE wanted to be on it . Sadly , this DVD does n't even capture the excitement of seeing these acts for the first time or even again some 40 years later . What is the point in digging out all of this old footage to create what could be an exciting historical montage and then do it wrong ? The Hullabaloo discs show a much better time and they 're cheaper . It hurts me to say it , but avoid this Ed Sullivan box at all costs . And I only rate this set 1 star because I ca n't rate it zero .
 While this is a nicely packaged set the contents are disappointing . Sure , you get a 144 performances but they are edited . For the price I was expecting the complete performance by an artist . And it 's not because of lack of space on the DVD . I also question the choices of artists/songs or artists omitted . Do we really need two songs by Dino , Desi and Billy ? What about the Dave Clark Five ? A group so well liked by Ed Sullivan that they had an open invitation to appear on his show . Why were they absent from the British Invasion discs ? As Herman 's Hermits once sang , this is `` A Must To Avoid '' .
 What other reviewers have noted is correct
 just wanted to chime in here and say that this box really is a tremendous -LSB- disappointment -RSB- . steer clear of it . as mentioned the performances are heavily edited . i thought the beatles had deliberately omitted the solo on `` from me to you '' until i looked at the same performance on the `` first visit '' dvd . there it was . total misrepresentation . really a disservice to the artists and to the consumer . if that 's not enough the whole thing is ridiculously arranged with an annoying theme played throughout . and as everyone 's mentioned you 're paying for 9 discs when you should be paying for 4 or 5 . by all means pass on this box .
 ... I think it 's ultimately a good set to own it is a great disappointment and , dare I say , a bit of a ripoff ? First of all , Rhino could have easily kept this collection at well under 7 or even 6 discs , but no , they just had to pad it and make it seem like you 're getting more bang for your buck , which you not . Second , why some of the duplication -LRB- which is inexcusable -RRB- , and I really would like a clarification from Rhino as to whether they actually did shorten the clips themselves , or are we seeing them exactly as they aired ? Also , where are the other performances that were left off ? I am not familiar with everyone who was on the show but where are The Byrds and The Seekers ? Who knows what other great artists were omitted ? They could have put ALL of The Beatles ' Sullivan show performances on one disc , including the ones that were left off altogether . Another question I have , although it is not related to the quality of the discs , is why some bands performed their songs live and some lip-synched . Even the Stones performances were lip-synched , albeit Mick does a good job of faking it.All in all this could have been a truly spectacular collection but it merely ends up as little more than a marketing ploy .
 Save your money !!! Have the 12 DVD set Rock n ' Roll Classics Complete Collection . Performances are shortened versions of full songs . Performances are clipped ! Some videos start immediately without any intro and end before the last notes of the song are completed . Some performances are duplicated . Video quality sucks in some performances and should have been digitally remastered . All video is in 4:3 aspect ratio as expected . Audio is mono , but sounds OK . All performances could probably fit on 6-8 DVDs instead of 12 . Rhino / Sofa Entertainment blew it on this one . Too expensive at $ 149 .
 Let me start by saying this could have been one of the great DVD sets ever released but Rhino really dropped the ball.Some reviewers seem to think they are viewing the complete performances or the performances as `` originally aired '' . Lets clear that up right now . These are the edited performances that aired on VH1 and in no way are they as originally performed on the Ed Sullivan Show in the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's . Anyone who believes they are viewing the original performance need only compare the Beatles Ed Sullivan appearances from `` Beatles Anthology '' or `` Beatles First US Visit '' to the same performances contained in this DVD set . You will then see and hear exactly what you are missing . All songs suffer a similar editing done so skillfully that anyone unfamiliar with the songs or original broadcasts might be fooled . Do n't think for a second that a group fortunate enough to appear on Ed Sullivan 's show would have chosen to perform a `` shortened '' version of their songs . It just did n't happen . Sorry folks , but if you think you are viewing the original performance as aired you are just plain wrong.Because of the price I was convinced that we would now see the full versions of these songs and not the hatchet job we saw on VH1 . But Rhino really fooled us . One reviewer felt that the high price may be due to royalty payments to so many artists . Maybe , but I doubt it . The Hullabaloo DVD series has many artists but the set is very affordable and you get the complete performances as aired . As for groups like the Dave Clark Five being absent -LRB- they made 18 appearances on the Ed Sullivan show -RRB- it 's possible that Dave Clark was able to avoid being part of this project . He was and is very protective of the usage of the DC5 material . But if he could avoid it then surely Apple -LRB- the Beatles management -RRB- would have disassociated themselves from this set as well . They are highly protective of the Beatles and would have opted out if possible . But that 's another debate.Sound quality is as good as you can expect from mono sources so long ago . Remember , Ed did n't broadcast in stereo . The so called 5.1 mix is just processed mono but does give the sound more depth than the plain mono track.Overall this set is just a huge disappointment for the serious collector but may satisfy the casual fan although at quite a price . I would return mine for a refund if I could . I would really like to see Rhino post a response on this site and explain their decisions .
 I saw this coming a mile away ... I 've seen those network `` Ed Sullivan '' retrospectives and have cringed all the way through as songs were cut in half -LRB- or worse -RRB- . They are so carved up and edited down , it 's really a shame.When I saw this set advertised , I was hoping that MAYBE , just maybe , the folks who run the Ed Sullivan estate and the company which puts his footage out had finally `` got it . '' Oh , how wrong I was.Oh , yeah , there are about 144 performances , but not one song is complete . Adding insult to injury , each DVD runs a scant 60 mins . Meaning this 9 DVD set could easily have fit on 4 disks - and cost the consumer a lot less money.One day - hopefully in my lifetime - the powers that be will come to their senses and release `` Ed Sullivan
 Buyers beware ! Most of the performances on this Ed Sullivan DVD box set have been cut . How in the world can you take a 2 minute song and cut it ? Well , Rhino found a way . This would have been a great set if all 144 songs were complete . Surely they had enough space on each DVD -LRB- 60 minutes per disc ? Come on -RRB- . I 'm sending my set back for a refund .
 I made a tremendous mistake thinking that I could trust Rhino . I 've purchased many of their releases in the past and have almost always been quite happy with them . Their two Nuggets box sets are a joy . But this DVD box is just a plain mess and a total disappointment ! If there are specific performances that you want , stick to the individual DVD 's which are also being released separately.What 's wrong with this ? Geez , where to begin ? First , the entire running length of this nine DVD series is less than nine hours , meaning the discs average less than one hour each . Thus , the entire set could easily have fit on four DVD 's . The performances are arranged in a very clumsy way so that bands like The Beatles have their clips scattered across several DVD 's . Liner notes are non-existent and the viewer must rely on between performance commentary to pick up info , which sometimes does n't even include original airdates . And several perforances are repeated in the series , including The Jefferson Airplanes ' `` Crown of Creation '' showing up twice on the same disc ! What the hell is that all about ?? There are other problems and little annoyances spread throughout , such as box set credits rolling two to three times on per DVD , Ed 's endless signoffs and many truncated versions of songs.All in all , I ca n't remember being so disappointed with something that could have been so great . This set is a plain waste of money . Rhino should be ashamed for foisting this on the public.The ONLY reason that this set deserves one star is because much of the old footage is beautiful to watch and several of the performances are really good . But do n't let that fool you into plunking down big bucks for this ! It 's a very poor value .
 The reviews on this box seem to vary from great to rotten . Yes , I agree that it 's got some value due to its historic content . But make no mistake , these performances are chopped . The thing that burns me up , is that its not just long jams that are cut , but very short songs also . To end all confusion with artists doing shortened versions on purpose , I ask you to view the DVD of The Beatles
 I 'd seen the original Ed Sullivan Shows from the mid-60 's to the end , the syndicated versions during the early 90 's and the `` Ed Sullivan Rock and Roll Classics '' episodes on VH-1 , so I was ready for a real treat . I was n't sure what I was getting because the outside box gives very little information concerning any kind of track listing , something you 'd expect for a 9-volume set , but I took a gamble anyway . Man was I shocked to find out that this is just a collection of the syndicated `` Rock and Roll Classics '' episodes , minus commercials . No DVD runs longer than 65 minutes , so I agree that the whole 9 DVD set -LRB- which runs less than 9 hours -RRB- could have fit on no more than 4 DVDs . There is also no reason why several identical performances are repeated . Each DVD has two or three episodes with the same repeated openings/closings , and all kind of really useless newsreel footage clogging up the set . The performances are sharp and sound crisp , and probably will be a lot of fun if you 've never seen Sullivan 's show or have n't seen it in a long while . There were so many performances that could have been included in this set from the Bee Gees `` Words '' to Ike and Tina Turner 's `` Proud Mary '' to Tiny Tim 's fascinating rendition of `` Earth Angel '' , but this skimpy , padded box set is just ... If you can rent this , or buy it used it 's worth a peep , otherwise do n't shell out big bucks for it
 I know there seems to be an ongoing debate whetherthese performances are full-length or not , but takeit from someone who watched this show faithfullyevery week , and then later saw the chopped-up , syndicated versions . THESE PERFORMANCES ARE NOTCOMPLETE . Some of them end just as they are pick-ing up steam . It 's a shame the way Rhino orwhoever has butchered this legacy . This set is a HUGE disappointment !
 In short , the value you get out of this box set is worth rubbish.Each of the nine DVD 's had only 60 minutes on each , which could of easily been cut down to 3 or 4 DVD 's . In addition they cut down each song even though they are short enough in the full versions . I 'm warning you
 My Friend bought Elephant mans album and was very dissapointed , his voice is very very very anoying . he needs to learn how to speak before he makes a record , i dont understand one thing he is saying . The only things hot on the ablum are the beats . OUT
 Sill 's coloratura is very good . And her voice is ideal as Olympia . But she is totally unsuited to sing the other heroines . Her voice is too small and shrill to do them justice . It is the microphone that has made her an idol . One star is for her technique , the other star is for her fine acting .
 The worst of the worst . The poorest album of the year . Made In Puerto Rico , ladies and gentlemen . Probably by some ignorant unexperienced A/R executive trying to move to miami because he wants to be in the cover of the Miami Sun Toilet Paper .
 This is another example of where the music industry stands
 i like the song of salif that why i look for one of his like les ambassadeurs international with salif keita
 I paid over ... bucks for the the 9 disc boxed set and did n't buy it from a store but ordered on line , so I could n't get the refund I SO deserved . Rhino . . you should be ashamed of yourself for duking lovers of this classic period in Americana . Some oif the performances are cut , Diana Ross and The Supremes ' version of Love is Like An Itching in My Heart was part of a 3 song medley when it originally aired -LRB- complete w/classic Supremes choreography -RRB- and you butchered the other 2 songs . And that 's just the start ... Folks do n't buy this or any other Sullivan `` shew '' compilation unless all it 's the full content of the show . And where is Shirley Bassey ?
 The average time for each DVD is about 40 minutes , which gives you time for 4-5 artists doing shorter versions of the songs you know.Some are cut ridiculously short . It 's fun to watch , but expected more for the money and it would have been better to compile all of this onto 2-3 discs and sell for about 40-50 dollars less . Rhino - You blew it !!
 The custodian at CBS swept the cutting room floor and handed the assemblage off to a dim-witted chimp for editing.Frustratingly small snippets of songs.Try this only if you suffer from attention deficit disorder , otherwise you 'll be suffering from videoitis interruptus .
 De reason why they cut some videoclips is all about rights . As you noticed this dvd came out on a major . In some cases , some of the rights of the performing artists on this dvd are not with this company . However , to get clearance , they have to cut it down , so if you want the whole version , you simply have to buy it from the company where the rights are ... I think this is very bad , specially if you see the price tag ...
 The Four Tops , the Supremes , Johnny Rivers , and the Four Seasons were highlights of a mediocre DVD . The Tops did a surprisingly short medley of three of their hits . They looked great up there and there were some humorous parts -LRB- I thought -RRB- . The Supremes looked wonderful as well and Diana primped and sang her heart out , but `` My World is Empty Without You '' was a little too happy for the song 's mood and I 've yet to figure out what the happening of `` The Happening '' is . Johnny Rivers was incredibly stiff and seemed nervous . The song ended rather abruptly . I was impressed by the Four Seasons as well ; being able to visualize that nasally sound from Frankie Valli was wonderful .
 I really do n't know how to review this product . Except to say that I wanted the string quartet , and this popped up and I bought it , but it was a version transcribed for string orchestra . I generally love Dutch recordings of classical music , but if you want Beethoven 's String Quartet , * this is not a quartet * !! I was stupid , but I also felt misled . I do n't really know what the point is in recording Beethoven 's String Quartet in C Sharp Minor transcribed for string orchestra . Is n't the point the particular puissance of the string quartet ?
 First off Juelz Santana is n't a new rapper . His first release was From Me To U , and he release several mixtapes but did n't emerge into the spotlight till Cam ` ron let him hop aboard on his hits `` Oh Boy '' and `` Hey Ma '' Then he made a huge splash when it came time for his solo joint `` There It Go -LRB- The Whistle Song -RRB- '' was very overrated IMO . That 's not to say isnt some good stuff in his sophmore album What The Game 's Been Missing that 's worth checking out . `` Shottas '' featuring Cam ` ron and Sizzla is good for dancing too , and even though Sizzla brings a reggae feel to the song it 's not anything close to that type of music . Of course everyone has already heard the anthemic `` Mic Check '' although for some reason it 's censored on here . There 's got ta be a hood song on here of course and `` Whatever You Wan na Call It '' does n't fail although Hell Rell fails to impress -LRB- not that I thought he would -RRB- . `` Daddy '' shows that Juelz has a soft side talking about what would happen if he lost his kid , and `` Gone '' is his strongest track lyric wise.So after naming all those good songs why the low rating ? Well , for starters this album is 76 minutes long , and with 22 tracks 5 songs does n't cut it . `` Oh Yes '' was a guilty pleasure for me , but the chorus worn on me and got annoying after a while . The same goes for the constant screaming in the chorus on `` Murda Murda '' featuring Cam ` ron.There 's plenty of filler tracks too like the ridiculous `` I Am Crack '' , `` Gangsta S ** t '' , and `` Rumble Man Rumble '' . And I do n't know who Juelz thinks he is with his constant screaming -LRB- your not in M.O.P. -RRB- thorough the skippable `` Violence '' . Production fails on `` Make It Work For You '' with the music sounding like it was produced off a keyboard . It doesnt help that both Young Jeezy and Lil ' Wayne outshine him on here too . And when I heard `` Clockwork '' , I was like `` Who wasted their time writing this ? '' Juelz Santana shows that he has potential but he just does n't have what it takes to carry a whole album .
 The Dipset is pretty much a pointless clique these days . Never really making a real impression on the industry , they 've really been lucky to even still be around . Cam ` ron was the front man , and he could n't even muster a formidable solo career when he finally got on the Roc . The creation of Dipset seemed like a desperate move to make everybody think Cam ` ron really was a worthwhile rapper and leader . From the start , it seemed like Juelz Santana had just a little bit of an edge as far as charisma and skills . Juelz ' first album was like most other Dipset releases and did very little in comparison to the rest of the Roc-a-fella roster . Fast forward to today and the release of his second solo album , an older and more experienced Juelz proclaims in his title that he is What The Game 's Been Missing . And after one listen , you will wish that this album had stayed missing!There are a few cuts from this album that Juelz actually pulls off . `` Shottas '' is a pretty good mix of hip-hop and reggae with Cam ` ron and Sizzla giving their flava to the song , but Juelz manages to shine better than both of them . Juelz does the same thing on `` Whatever You Wan na Call It '' with Hell Rell giving less than stellar lyrics on the song . `` Good Times '' is a passable song as well as `` Gone '' and `` Daddy . '' But the rest of the album is plagued with horrible production , uninspiring verses , and little creativity . `` Oh Yes '' gets the Cam ` ron award , where Juelz has one of the most annoying choruses you will ever hear . Runner-ups for the Cam ` ron award include `` Kid Is Back '' with kids singing the hook and `` Violence '' with Juelz yelling throughout the entire song like he 's the lost member of M.O.P. or something ! `` Make It Work For You '' featuring Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy is the top choice for the Noisemaker award , with production that sounds like a demo track from a Casio keyboard . Other vote-getters include `` Freaky , '' `` Changes '' featuring Razah , and `` Rumble Young Man Rumble . '' And of course the Another Bad Creation award goes to `` Clockwork , '' a track makes no sense at all . `` Kill Em '' featuring Cam ` ron , `` There It Go -LRB- The Whistle Song -RRB- , '' and the ridiculous `` I Am Crack '' are even more examples of songs the should have never seen the light of day.Juelz Santana has been able to keep himself the most viable member of Dipset as of late . But What The Game 's Been Missing falls short of even being borrowed from a clueless co-worker or a 5 for $ 10 sale from your local `` street vendor '' for that matter . Seems Juelz will have to separate himself from Dipset to even have a chance at a long career . If he chooses not to part ways , then he could end up being one of those `` street vendors '' selling albums from other rappers that are still in the game !
 Santana Has no Lyrics . All He says Is Im Crack and Dipset . With oNly 4 good songs that not enough to buy the album but download it instead.There It Go , Oh Boy , Mic Check , and Make it work for u. Make it work for u being the best since it has THE BEST RAPPER ALIVE WHEEZY BABY IN IT and also young jeezy whos good at lyrics like lil wayne . Maybe Juelz should copy real rappers Like WHEEZY and Jeezy . BIG UPS TO CARTER 2
 New York and the entire east caost need to give it up the south is in the house and a southern take over is at place . Come to my hood and witness an underground movement headed mainstream in the rap game like no other ...
 If saying `` Dipset '' at the beginning of every song and repeating words over and over around 5 times in a row is your thing , then yeah this is a great rap album . Otherwise , more senseless garbage with laughable 12 year old lyrics .
 This album is straight garbage yo . This cat is * not * representing Harlem , B . If you want something alot closer to Harlem , chek out your man Vordul Mega 's album .
 Juelz santana 's `` what the game 's been missing '' is horrible . Production wise , lirical wise and over all just plain wack . Okay i give these weak rappers chances but they are truly wack ! Juelz santana 's rhymes does not make any sense and he proved that on his `` santana town '' song if you payed any close attetion to that song ? You 'll hear bunch of nothing.I quess the mainstream mtv audience will get buy anything as along as its `` pop '' and `` cool '' what a shame . Dipset , gay unit , and these mtv2 rappers are whats killing the real hip hop and rap music nowdayz . By the way Juelz santana if your reading this ? Remenber `` chu chu train '' thats one of your lines ni gga ! How can you call yourself a rapper ? Well i quess even if lil john is a consider a rapper & a real producer anything is possible right ? Krs one would destroy your none sense rhymes in a second dude.Just my opinion . Peace out !
 Yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . I tell you Juelz really came with an original formula with this album . The stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and Juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . LOL !!!! These guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . Save your money .
 This `` return to their old style '' from guttermouth is very dissapointing . sure , its better than gusto -LRB- although that 's not a great achievement -RRB- and even about half the tracks on covered with ants , but it still sucks . this may sound a bit predictable , but i reckon this album sounds exactly like a band who used to be good , but their last couple of cd 's did n't sit well with their fans so they 're trying to get back to their roots , but no matter how hard they try they 're never going to match musical monkey , gorgeous , friendly people or their full length LP . you can hear them trying too hard . and any song that relates to politics -LRB- party of 2 -RRB- does not fit this band , satire or not . basically , i ca n't see who this album is intended for . anyone over the age of 18 will find this cd lame -LRB- especially when brilliant bad religion and descendents albums have been released in the same year -RRB- , and anyone younger than that who may find guttermouth slightly amusing , go and buy musical monkey or full length LP coz they 're a lot faster , funnier , offensive and basically better . all guttermouth need to do is look at their live set which consists of mainly old crowd favourites , and they will realise that their new material is just not worth releasing . anyone who thinks that this is guttermouth returning to their old style obviously have n't listened to their old albums properly , coz it 's not even close to that.Are You Serious ? -LRB- add on 17/8 -RRB- ok now i know that i already posted a review on here but i simply ca n't believe what i 'm reading in some of the other reviews ... `` most polished and influential new-age punk band of all time '' ??????? this one is simply a joke . guttermouth go out of their way to be deliberately un-polished , and when it comes to listing off more influential punk bands , about a million other than guttermouth spring to mind . and then we go to the next quote ... `` kicks ass all over nofx '' ????? i would have thought nofx were one of the most influential punk bands of all time considering that there are so many rip-offs of them . who wants to be guttermouth ? their chord progressions are incredible simple , they use very little melody and their lyrics could easily be written by any bored , dirty minded 14 year old . `` Guttermouth is one of the fastest and hardest pop-punk bands around '' ??? yeah right . first of all , this is not `` pop-punk '' . it is not mainstream . secondly , it 's not that fast , or that hard . even their old stuff is not that fast or that hard . strung out , for example , are a hell of a lot faster and harder than guttermouth and i 've heard them incorrectly labelled pop-punk also . `` This album displays their amazing talent . '' ask guttermouth if they think they have amazing talent ! they 've proud of the fact that they do n't . if you guys actually listen to their music you will hear the same chord progression repeated over and over and over again . it 's not that difficult to write or play . and they make it this way so they can get smashed before every show and still pull it off , because it 's too easy to stuff up !! now guys i know you like guttermouth , and i like guttermouth as well . they 're a light hearted , fun punk band and their lyrics make you laugh . they are entertaining live and their CD 's are not bad . but some of the other reviews are a bit over the top , do n't you think ? saying guttermouth is the hardest , fastest , most polished , influential and talented punk band of all time is just ridiculous . this whole reviewing system is to give people an idea of what they are about to buy , and i swear that they will be very , very disappointed if they go by what you guys have written on here about this release . and do n't get me wrong , i do n't hate this album - it 's not that bad really . it 's just nothing like their old stuff and when they come out and declare that they are going back to their roots , they better get it right coz this CD falls a mile short and therefore is disappointing . i do n't want to hear the same stuff over and over again , i just do n't want to listen to a mediocre try hard CD when i could be listening to something a hell of a lot better !! even if that is a different guttermouth CD . so guys , lets just calm down a bit shall we ? i know you 're excited coz you listened to their new CD and it does n't suck anywhere near as much as their last one , but that does n't make them the most influential new age punk band of all time . they 're not even a new age band at all , considering they 've been around for 15 years . lets all just get a bit of a grip on reality , ok ? for new time guttermouth listeners , go and buy musical monkey , then full length LP , then friendly people , the gorgeous , then teri yakimoto , then eat your face or covered with ants , and do n't buy gusto . if you 're not new to guttermouth , are n't you sick of them buy now ? sorry this review was so long !!!
 I honestly was the biggest Guttermouth fan on earth . My most cherished high-school memory was singing a verse of `` 1,2,3 , SLAM !! '' with Mark onstage in Arizona . For God sakes thats enough of these guys . They should have stopped after Gorgeous . They sound and look just as ridiculous as the Beastie Boys . A bunch of drunk 50 + year old men wishing they were still 20 years old playing on Venice Beach .
 the hell is this ? ... honestly , gusto and coverd with ants is actually better than this crap cd , atleast from the samples i listend to . . they 're trying to go back to their old style but its just crap ... gusto and coverd with ants had some catchy pop punky tunes but this ... its just crap
 No NO NO NO NO NO ... this singer is clearly limited by his vocal affectations , while I like his song choices it truly is unfortunate that his singing is so mannered and sounds so well ... gay . I mean it takes on to know one but truthfully this really is something you should skip . Plus he butchers Breathe of Heaven
 This is awful stuff . Who recorded this ? They should be shot .
 If we ignore the early pot-boilers from when Luc&iacute;a was a teenager , then with every album up to this point he moved forward . Here , however , he seems to be at a relative loss . Perhaps he was merely pausing and taking stock , but the unity ofSirocois missing from this recording.The starkness of the former is again found in the opening Buler&iacute;a , and the Taranta , which are the two best tracks . After this , however , the album goes downhill . `` Chick '' is pleasant enough -LRB- although nothing to do with Flamenco -RRB- . The pyrotechnics of the much-heralded duet with Manolo Sanl&uacute;car , `` Compadres '' , ca n't conceal the fact that it does n't have much to say . The drums and flute on the title track merely add increased employment among musicians.Luc&iacute;a knows Flamenco inside and out , and thus is able to take elements from other kinds of music and fit them into it with good taste . Unfortunately , he simply has n't the vocabulary to produce jazz of comparable quality ; and while I have certainly heard a lot worse , it is sad to hear one of the World 's greatest musicians sounding like a second-rate Baden Powell , as he does on `` Playa del Carmen '' ; `` Canci&oacute;n de Amor '' is just elevator music , a depressing low point in the artist 's recording career.The information provided is not so much minimal as nonexistent , devoid of even the usual expostulations from Felix Grande . We are left to deduce what we can about the other musicians from the composer credits , and Luc&iacute;a 's expressions of thanks.Despite moments of great beauty , this album is a mess
 This album is a deep disappointment . On ` Siroco ' , Paco had pushed the boundaries of Flamenco yet kept its roots . This album , in contrast , sounds like an uninspired rehash . Even the Bulerias ` Compadres ' - with Manolo Sanlucar - generates no excitement at all . -LRB- Compare this to any Bulerias by Cameron with Paco and Tomatito playing . -RRB- The track Zyryab just passes me by - elevator music . Skip this , get Siroco instead .
 There is much better music around.As largely exemplified by the comments below by the user from New Orleans , music - or whatever - that inpires , generates and promotes such a deluge of condescending , derogatory and hateful remarks towards others is clearly not worth your while.You will do much better spending your time and money elsewhere .
 Ms Lincoln feels it is important to e-nun-ci-ate very clearly to show everyone just how angry she is ! An-gry a-bout ev-ery thing . Dreadful . Why did Stan Getz waste his time with her ?
 I got this piece of junk with the Sudeki game . I hate this cd just like I hate the dumb ^ % & * game . It 's Just as crappy as the piece of junk game . I want to know who in the & * ^ * will buy this piece of junk . I would n't even wish this dumb piece of ^ % & * CD or game upon my worst enemy . Just a piece of junk . Well at least it makes a hell of a pop coaster .
 CD casing was broken apart in shipment ! Item was poorly protected , not even wrapped internally ! This would easily have fit in a small post office mailing box but noooo - they had to use a paper envelope instead , I paid nearly $ 12 for this and all I got was an item in pieces ! The CD wo n't even play since it has scratches on it as well ! I want my money back .
 Missing the only good version of Poppa Large -LRB- The eastcoast remix -RRB- .
 Ocean Colour Scene are absolutely brilliant . It is amazing to me that they are virtually unknown here in the States . They write , sing and play beautifully . They are always well produced but never over produced . This however is unlike anything else they have released . It is an awkward beginning at best . The songs show promise and that promise was realized in their subsequent releases . Where the performances are solid , the production sinks the recording . It is dated , slick and just a poor fit for the band 's sound . If you must have them all , you will end up buying this . Otherwise , get any of the other releases they are far superior and all terrific . This is just not an essential recording .
 I heard Alice today -LRB- live -RRB- on a local radio station , and I was intrigued enough to then listen to cuts from her CDs . Frankly , I 'm not impressed with her voice or singing style , though I share her environmental views.I ca n't recommend anyone buying her CDs , but her live performances probably are a cut above her recorded music . My suspicion is that she needs a more professional producer , with better editing and production skills .
 I bought this album even though it did n't have any reviews and I can say I am that happy I did . I was n't even aware that it was a solo album produced by the vocalist Kriztoff . It sounds nothing like Bile and in fact I am suprised they let it even use there name . Some of the songs are strangely amusing but for the most part it 's just a bunch of abstract sound with some beats thrown in . Which by it 's self could be all right , but combined with the cleaned up vocals and lack of aggression it just left me disappointed . The only two songs that I found to be tolerable were `` venom on my breath '' and `` love Stinks '' . If you like Bile , buy a BILE cd and just pass on this one .
 My roommate is obsessed with this guy , so I decided that I would give him a listen . I tried to find what was appealing . I 've listened to it numerous times . Sometimes it takes a few listens to get to like some artists for me , but it never came with Kweller.First of all , Kweller ca n't sing at all . He ca n't hold a note , and when he tries to change notes , it 's the most sour and displeasing noise . It literally made me cringe!Second , the music itself is nothing special . It 's all been done so many times before . It 's just a rehash of generic pop/punk/emo . -LRB- I 'm not bashing punk and emo . I like a bit of it . -RRB- Last , the lyrics are ridiculous !! I found myself blurting out laughter that seemed to insult my roommate . I just could n't hold it back . It 's that ridiculous.My recommendation
 Ben came to my hometown for a show and my friend wanted to go so I went along . I listened to the album before going , and had heard `` Wasted and Ready '' on mtv2 . The first time I heard Wasted I thought it was pretty catchy but I could n't get past the damn lyrics . There 's a big difference between fun and effortless writing , and writing that 's just plain stupid . After hearing the rest of the album I felt the same way about most of the songs . I think he 'd be better of having someone else write his lyrics for him . He tries to sound deep at times but ends up sounding like an 8th grade creating writing student.As far as the live show , it was pretty poor . The opener , a somewhat local band , did a much better job grabbing the audience 's attention , and everyone , minus a handful of people , was there to see Kweller . His backing musicians just stood there the whole time ... it was like they hated him . Ben attempted talking to the audience a couple times but always acted too afraid to say anything .
 Along with bands such as The Hives , and The White Stripes , this man is destroying rock music with his lame lyrics.Just listen to Wasted and Ready , because when he sang these songs , he was wasted but he never was ready.Avoid these bands at all costs .
 This is probably the worst CD I have ever owned , well I do n't own it anymore . -LRB- thank god for record exchange -RRB- . Sure , he 's young and he has a full career ahead of him . He does have a talent but the music itself is just flat out dumb . Everything about this album was just annoying especially the cover . I hated it , and everyone who owns this album and can actually sit through it from start to finish has got some issues . It reminds me of the Partridge Family breaking up , going seperate ways and each of them releasing solo albums . Wait I think that already happened .
 Are album reviewers really so desperate that they think this is good ????? It 's bad , the lyrics are forced , the pop is forced , it 's indie pop constipation . Parade whomever you want in front of me as new indie pop genius , this guy and Bright Eyes both blow .
 I do n't like this guy . He seems to be just another one of those `` safe '' artists who make music that only really appeals to the critics . He is a very tired songwriter , because what he is doing as a songwriter has been done many times in the recent past and with far better results than with what Ben Kweller presents on his album . He is very much like a great many of those `` The '' bands , in that he is just another name for Generation Y hipsters to drop . It is kind of gross , because this young guy rips off so many different people , and it is almost as if he is some sort of inferior mirror image of the following
 I am sure in many years to come Mr Kweller will look back to this album and say '' well it had a few good points but it was not the best I did `` There are a few great tracks - the rest so so . Its either a shame someone did n't have the balls to point this out before he released it as when its good its great and he might just have an unbelievable album inside him . I honestly believe if he takes more time and gets better at picking the good tunes he will be a household name . until then its hit or miss on each track . There 's no in between.Save your cash as you will buy ity and not play it again .
 I probably wo n't say anything here that many others have n't already but it 's precisely because so many are hitting the nail on the head when they proclaim this disc as over-hyped . I 'm a power pop addict so I went into this CD with a bias toward WANTING to love it . The fact that I do n't shows you something 's not alright in Kwellerland.Kweller 's biggest sin on this one is wearing his influences on his sleeve . Weezer-a-like `` Wasted and Ready '' and Folds-clone `` In Other Words '' are the most obvious at this -LRB- though the 2nd one is one of the better tunes here -RRB- with an occasional splash of alt-country -LRB- as on `` Lizzy '' or `` Family Tree '' -RRB- . It 's obvious the 20 year old was still seeking a voice at this point.There 's also a fine line between being whimsical lyrically and crossing the line into banality . Lines like `` She thinks sex is like eating spaghetti '' teeter over that demarcation.HIGHLIGHTS : In `` Family Tree '' a near-bubblegum `` bop bop '' refrain butts up against a relaxed country-ish acoustic strum as Kweller muses `` You are my family tree/Be good to me/Take care of me '' . `` In Other Words '' DOES sound like a Ben Folds cop but it 's also possessed of some of Kweller 's best writing here in lines like `` The butterflies are passive-aggressive/and put their problems on the shelf but they 're beautiful/He 'll realize the only thing thats real are the kids that kill themselves . . '' `` Walk on Me '' is a plea to a cruel sweetheart . -LRB- `` If I was in your shoes I would n't walk all over you/So please do n't walk all over me '' -RRB- `` Falling '' is one of those songs where Kweller seems to forget about being consciously `` indie '' and it results in some catchy love song pop that plays like an inner dialogue . -LRB- `` I do n't feel like I 'm falling ... just say ` Hello ' to the ground '' -RRB- LOWS : `` How it Should Be -LRB- Sha Sha -RRB- '' is a prime example of another irritant with Kweller at times
 He does n't really pack a punch with his music , he 's sort of playing it safe . I mean , is there actually an underground Punk audience any longer ? Who is this young gentleman trying to please ? The music strikes me as guarded , as if Ben is leaving a lot to be desired for fear of saying the wrong thing ... or maybe I 'm just reading too much into this album . Wasted And Ready is just an awful tune , worthy of Weezer at their worst . Anyhow , hopefully he 'll stop biting his influences on his next release ...
 Philip Glass and his reputation notwithstanding , this is quite dreadful , unless you do not know the original , or do not care for classical music . The best thing that can be said for it is that it is not a tortuous attempt at a place in `` serious music '' usually embarked upon by wanna-be 's such as McCartney . In fact , it positively exudes genius
 Carmina BuranaInstead of the Ray Manzarek Carmina Burana , which I requested , I received an unknown , traditional version . Spoke to customer service and was told that amazon only markets the product and does not have the original . They do , for a more expensive price . I think that , since this was their mistake and since they have it in stock , I should receive the product that I was supposed to .
 there is one redeeming tune on greg 's newest album , `` milk of the moon '' that reflects greg 's creative genus and that 's the first cut . the rest of the tunes are not up to greg 's standard of excellence . i may return it to red house records and wait for something better from greg . i love his albums , slant 6 mind , dream cafe , covenant , over and under.i am not a muxic critic , but i have listened to plenty of tunes and this album does nothing for me ; except the first cut .
 These 1956/57 stereo re-recordings of some of his earlier hits are indeed , as one reviewer says , very well done . Also , the three pages of liner notes , adapted from text by Alain Tomas , are quite interesting . BUT , these distributors have got to STOP foisting upon the public items which , on the surface , lead us to believe they are original renditions.There is absolutely nothing on the front or reverse of the CD to alert you to the fact that these are re-recordings , and it is n't until you get it home , tear off the celophane covering , and start to listen to it - or read the second page of the insert - that you realize you 've been had.This is NOT to suggest that the music itself is bad , but in issuing a compilation under the title `` The Greatest Hits '' they not only provide remakes , but six of the selections were never hits for Louis in the first instance - tracks 6 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 14 , and 15 . Sorry , but as much as I love Louis Jordan and His Tympany Five this kind of deception just does not cut it anymore , and I simply can not go higher than 2 stars because of that . Enjoy it if you do n't mind , or seek out his ORIGINAL hits on other compilations .
 While listening to Sleepy Brown 's album , I was amped to hear some smooth groves and soul . I was pondering on whether I would buy it while I bobbed my head to the music video for `` Margarita '' because I liked that song a lot . But while I listened to the album , I noticed that it remained even throughout . There was never a bad song or a really great song . It was at a steady pace the entire time , sort of like listening to Sade or someone of that nature . When `` Underwater Love '' came on , I was pleasantly surprised that he did have one head bobber that made me want to dance , but other than that , the album was at a medium pace . I do n't love it . I do n't hate it . I 'm just indifferent about it . I would replay `` Underwater Love '' in heavy rotation , but I 'm not sure I 'll buy it .
 Sleepy Brown has the same problem that Nate Dogg has & that is why he is one heck of a Hook Artist he is just a dime a dozen as a Solo Artist . the first single `` Margarita '' right off the bat showed he was gon na be a Hook Artist on his project . now this album has good instrumentation which you 'd expect since Sleepy 's Pop 's was in the 70 's R&B Band Brick . but there is nothing here that has what Brick had & that is a stand out jam to get your bounce to . Sleepy 's best stuff is still working on Hooks with Outkast & Goodie Mob , etc. . . but as a Solo Artist it just ai n't happening .
 Dude is only good for solo hooks and nothing else . Definately , save your money because he ca n't even perform solo on stage or in the studio.LOL
 C'mon man , there was only one Marvin Gaye . Be like Outkast and be original . Imitating Marvin 's style aint workin ' .
 Is the idea here that Manuel Gottsching did the original vinyl rip released by Spalax ? Because this is the same old vinyl rip , so slapping a `` Remastered by Manuel Gottsching '' sticker on the front really does n't bode well for the integrity of those involved in this project , as it suggests that there is something new here.Look , if tapes are lost , then fine . That 's life . But to use the same old vinyl rip that Spalax released and not even a fresh one after all these years ? On top of that , I can not hear a thing that is different about this version . They sound the same . If the old transfer was going to be used , I guess the decision was made that nothing much needed to be done with it.I can not agree , as the old transfer used some denoising and a far better vinyl rip could be done with some proper declicking software now.Shame .4 stars for this album , but 2 stars for the 2011 `` remaster . ''
 Being a big Eels fan , I was quite excited to finally find A Man Called E today . After being sickened by the the first half of the first song , I went to track 2 . 30 seconds later , I switch to track 3 , 4 , 5 ... nothing but cheesy early-90 's pop rock . Then he threw in Symphony For Toy Piano In G Minor , and I thought `` That 's more like it . '' Then there were about 5 more useless tunes , and it 's done . I 'm sorry , but A Man Called E just ca n't compete with the originality of Beautiful Freak , and the beauty of Electro-Shock Blues -LRB- which can only be described as a masterpiece -RRB- . I ca n't wait for Daisies of the Galaxy . As for now , I 'm just going to put A Man Called E up on the shelf and maybe listen to it again in a couple years .
 A world that allows E to create this kind of `` music '' is cruel indeed .
 AN Ash fan recently admitted to me that he really only liked the band 's choruses . That about sums up Free All Angels and indeed most of this Northern Irish outfit 's music . Ash 's members were in their teens when their first album , Trailer , was released in 1995 . This explains why lead singer/songwriter Tim Wheeler still sounds like a acne-ridden lad whose chief worries are learning to shave without drawing blood and getting laid on weekends . But while on the debut , the follow-up 1977 and even the so-called rockier Nu-Clear Sounds , the `` classic '' Ash-sound was full of irresponsible and irreverent exuberance , the revelry on Free All Angels is much more forced and tired . Wheeler is , afterall , pushing 25 . Practically an old age pensioner . The ability to churn out catchy refrains , nevertheless , is as strong as ever . Walking Barefoot , Shining Light , Burn Baby Burn , Cherry Bomb - they 're all armed with tiny , razor-sharp hooks that are harder to shake off than a bunch of bloodthirsty mites . However , through it all , Wheeler sounds jaded and burnt-out . This is especially the case on Candy , a song that samples a melody line from the Bacharach/David composition Make It Easy On Yourself , and strikes me as perfect for Britney Spears . What does one expect of a band like Ash ? More of the same ? Or something mind-bogglingly new a la Radiohead or Primal Scream ? The boys -LRB- and girl - guitarist Charlotte Hatherley , who joined after 1997 -RRB- are still young and pretty -LRB- especially Wheeler -RRB- enough to appeal to the sort of crowd who value melody and volume above all else . Give these kids a prog rock epic and they will probably slink off to buy the Dum Dums or Crash or The Strokes instead . But it 's early days yet . Considering the likes of Bowie and The Stones , Wheeler and his gang have a couple of decades -LRB- at least -RRB- to get their boringly addictive , huge-selling brand of music out of their system .
 When I head `` Shining Light '' I thought this was going to be real find . When I bought this CD , I was let down a little . The first things -LRB- including Shining Light -RRB- are very catchy and good . But , from then on , the CD just goes into gradual mediocrity . Oh well , I guess I still think Shining Light is a great song with great words .
 The high water mark for Ash occurred back in '95 with the release of the single `` Kung Fu '' . That song had all the depth of a puddle of gerbil pee , but it did have the sense to get in and get out in two quick minutes of supercharged guitar fuzz wrapped around a simple but infectious melody . At the time , a casual listener could n't help but anticipate the maturation of lead vocalist / songwriter Tim Wheeler . Surely any teenager that could summon the electric glee of `` Kung Fu '' would grow up to be some kind of punk savant . Could he live up to the expectations?The short answer is yes and no , and `` Free All Angels '' is the irritating evidence . It 's not that the album is bad , at least , not in the normal definition of the word . In the U.K. it 's already had five of its songs shoot into the top ten charts . I 'm quite certain , as well , that there is a huge demographic in North America preparing to declare `` Free All Angels '' a masterpiece . If you 're under 15 years old , for instance , and Foo Fighters is your reference point for `` the greatest rock and roll band in the world '' , then , my friends , nirvana is within your reach . Just make sure you noticed the small `` n '' . For the more discerning music fan , however , that puddle of gerbil pee has n't gotten any deeper . The star of the show on `` Free All Angels '' is the production . When the guitars hit they hit with the force of nuclear weapons , a full-on electric storm of fuzz , but buried under all the tons of perfectly tweaked digital distortion is a merely adequate band playing barely-there songs . Tim Wheeler writes lightweight pop ditties and his band ladles them out like rancid stew in a highschool cafeteria . `` Free All Angels '' is punk rock Def Leppard , with all the empty tricks and paint-by-numbers singalongs intact . The best moments -LRB- `` Burn Baby Burn '' , `` Cherry Bomb '' -RRB- are overlong rewrites of `` Kung Fu '' , and the rest is considerably less than that . As sappy and saccharine as the strings are on `` Candy '' , they 're matched every step of the way by Wheeler 's cloying words and melody . The few attempts to incorporate loops and samples into the Ash formula boast all the funk of your bespectacled Home Ec teacher getting down to `` Mmm-Bop '' at the grade 6 mixer , but at least they offer a sonic deviation from the high gloss dross.The CD comes with a limited edition DVD , which , depending on your perspective , is either a great added value or a cynical marketing ploy . Potato potahto . Either way , the DVD mostly offers visual proof of the extent of Ash 's lameness . From the uncompelling live footage -LRB- featuring the band standing practically immobile in front of a massive light show -RRB- to the awkward videos -LRB- including the obligatory Smells-Like-Teen-Spirit `` homage '' complete with exploitative up-the-cheerleader 's - skirt camera work -RRB- , this whole package leaves me numb and seriously desiring my money back . `` We want world domination , '' sings Wheeler at the end of this polished dud . It 's an obvious sentiment , and I would n't be surprised if the precocious buck was already a Freemason . Tim Wheeler is going to be a very rich man indeed .
 I purchased this product believing that I would receive a working DVD , CD . I was deeply disappointed with this transaction.Susie Wang
 I had another Signaldrift release , the one prior to this one
 Truth to tell , this is n't the worst rock record I 've ever heard , or even the worst hair metal album . But it 's no great shakes either . Andy McCoy 's songs are n't bad , but they sound a bit formulaic , as if he just turned on the McCoy Songwriting Machine and cranked 'em out . -LRB- Except Hanoi 's `` Do n't You Never Leave Me , '' of course . I guess he 's determined to get a hit out of that song somehow . -RRB- They 're certainly not as good as his Hanoi Rocks tunes . The biggest problem is vocalist billy g. bang ! -LRB- that 's how he spells it -RRB- , who ca n't seem to decide if he should ape Michael Monroe and the New York Dolls ' David JoHansen or do the usual screechy hair metal thing . -LRB- For the record , he 's better at the former . -RRB- Too bad - with Lords of the New Church bassist Dave Tregunna in the lineup , and Dogs D'amour guitarist Jo Dog added to the touring version , there was a lot of potential here . But , alas , it was never realized . And the reviewer below is correct
 No way ! If you 're a Hanoi fan , I do n't think you 're going to like this . This is way beneath Andy McCoy . The singer is like a second-rate Tami Down -LRB- of Faster Pussycat -RRB- and the songs are just generic LA Guns type stuff . I listened to this CD four times and I swear not one song sticks in my mind . Wait , I lied . `` Do n't You Never Leave Me '' is good . Yes , you read that correctly . As if this song being on 5 Hanoi CDs is not enough it 's been resurrected once again here . Pass this one and get Andy McCoy 's brilliant `` Building on Tradition '' .
 Unfortunately , this cd is a lacklustre accompniament to the film . I had expected more , because the music that was often heard in the film 's background sounded great . However , the little tunes that I strained to hear coming from the tinny transistor radios in the movies do n't come across that great without the ambience of the film to back it up . A lot of the trendy stuff by Mexican groups like Plastilina Mosh and Molotov vs. Dub Pistols is just lousy . Mixing up trip hop breakbeats with traditional Mexican elements -LRB- like Plastalina Mosh 's ` La Sirenita ' -RRB- sound tired and uninspired while Titan & La Mala Rodriguez 's tune ` Afila El Colmillo ' starts off promising with a sample of a more tradional song but digress into a lazy , updated re-hash that goes nowhere . The songs by Senor Coconut and Cafe Tacuba are n't particulary interesting and certainly do n't inspire me to check out any modern Mexican groups and the Eagle Eye Cherry and Natalie Imbruglia songs are just pointless . Thankfully . though , its not all dismal . The song ` La Tumba Sera El Final ' from the amazing conjunto accordionist Flaco Jiminez is traditional Mexican roots music , updated Texas style , at its finest . And the song ` Nasty Sex ' by La Revelucion De Emiliano Zapata is a wicked little number . The guitar is suitably sleazy and the song perfectly encapsulates it 's title . Brian Eno has a typically understated song that seems to fit in well with the film 's theme . there 's a pair of surpises here too . ` Si No Te Hubieras Ido ' by Marco Antonio Solis sounds like a standard Mexican pop song , but when the song launches into it 's rousing chorus and soaring string section , you do n't need to understand the guy 's words to feel his heartbreak . This is the song that the female lead in the movie puts on the jukebox while she and the boys are getting drunk in some beachfront cafe . And the song ` Watermelon In Eastern Hay ' is a pleasant surprise as well . I 've never been a fan of Frank Zappa but here , his band hits a nice groove and you can just kick back and relax to this song . It fit the spectacular sunsets in the movie ... I can taste the pina coladas now ... a great album closer . The greatest sin this soundtrack commits is one of omission . There were numerous other songs throughout the movie that sounded way more interesting than half the ones selected here . It 's a shame they were n't included . Ah well ... maybe they 'll put out a volume 2 one day .
 Although for Millencolin this is medicore . First check out Life on a Plate which is their best album followed by a matured Pennybridge Pioneers and by the pretty good For Monkeys . This is the worst way to get your first taste of Millencolin since it 's clearly not in the same class as their previous releases .
 I recently got this CD , and I have been a Millencolin fan for years now . I really liked Pennybridge Pioneers , and I was really excited about the new direction the band was going in . But I have to say `` Home From Home '' is mediocre at best . The song `` Kemp '' is the best song , and `` Happiness For Dogs '' is good but sounds like something right off Pennybridge . But the rest is pretty bland and weak . If I were you I would pass on this album , stick to the older material . Life on a Plate , For Monkeys , and Pennybridge is Millencolin at their best !
 NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!! not another band that I love geos soft . I do n't even know what to say i am so mad ... This deos n't even sound like Millencolin , except for songs 2 and 8 . He changed his voice on this record ... i dont know why . It sounds -LSB- worse -RSB- than their last album which rocked to no tommorrow . If you like thier last album and you get this one iam warning you it is totally different ...
 Home to Home and Pennybridge pioneers is the worst i ever heard by my favorite band millencolin . This albums just dont have the old millencolin punkspirit from the first albums . Its not even punk/ska any longer . Buy the melancholy collection , same old tunes , life on a plate and learn what millencolins music is about . Millencolin have been my idols since i heard there ep use yor nose 1993 but the albums Home to Home and Pennybridge pioneers make me cry .
 Im sooo dissapointed if your not a millencolin fan buy an older album and if your a millencolin fan do n't ever listen to this album , such sellouts
 I bought Simple Plan No pads , No Helmets . . Just Balls . The cd cover looks like it got printed off not the original plus the cd case is cracked .
 Boy band with guitars . This CD is not worth buying . Do n't know why people compare it to Greenday or Blink 182 sounds nothing like them .
 I ca n't believe anyone could listen to this cd more than once . Singing about how much you hate living at home and doing your homework is just pathetic . Even teenagers who live at home and are in bands dont sing about stuff like that . WOW - this is simply horrible . Simple songs , simple lyrics . Sounds like kid bop or something , just horrible period . This band sounds like something manufactured by disney . Its hard to believe this is a legit band - i would rather listen to the jonas brothers .
 This CD is n't bad , but I have to admit that they do n't have the best of voices . They do n't have a lot of talent , but they 're an ok band .
 This is an okay CD . It sounds alot like Good Charlotte , and I hate them with the exception of three songs . A little while ago , I lived and breathed this instrument driven pop-punk monstrosity . There 's not alot of variety here , and it all sounds the same . The best part of this entire CD is Mark Hoppus singing a small part on I 'd Do Anything , but the rest just blends together . DO NOT compare them to Blink-182 -LRB- Yes , it has a dash in it -RRB- . They may be called pop-punk , but they are hard rock kings compared to this -LSB- stuff -RSB- . If you are looking for something to really listen to , if you 're a teen and you 're -LSB- angry -RSB- at everything like I am , I would strongly recommend against this . Try The Offspring and Sum 41 if you 're looking for hard rock , punk mix , Blink-182 if you 're looking for all out stupidity and catchiness all rolled into one nice punk roll , and my strongest recommendation -LRB- this is probably pretty typical of a die-hard rock fan -RRB- Nirvana and Tool , Especially Tool , if you want all out rage and pent up anger to relate to .
 dude dis ceedee iz soo heavy !!! i cant describe how awsum dis ceedee iz !! simpul plas iz da frikkin best band eva !!! i see dem every day on da best channel eva mtv !!!! dey rawk so hard and dey r much betta dan ol punk bandz like da sux pistuls & da ramonez !!!! dey hav gr8 leerix about how deir girfriends o boyfriends dumped dem & toll dem too shut up !!! omg i almost cried reeding deze leerix !!!! jeff stinco iz an umazing geetarist !!! he iz betta dan dimebug darrell , jimi hendrixx , jonn petrutchee & dave mustan combined !!!! If you took any of this BS seriously , this CD is for you .
 oh yeah , this is super punk ! i coldnt believe the total critisms against simple plan , they rule ! they are totally punk i mean it ! despite them being in their 30s and still just whining monotonusly about being 12 in the suburbs . when your 12 you should not listen to this , b cuz then you 'll be embarrassed when you 're 13 . or 14 or 15 . `` I 'm Just A KId ?!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '' they 're like 20 . make good music not music you can live off of from 20-29 .
 Okay , do n't just skip over this review yet . I 'm not gon na go on about how much they suck , blah blah blah ... I 'm not a `` bubble gum punk '' fan , at all . But I had heard a lot of hype about them , so I gave it a try . This cd like most , had it 's high points and it 's low points , I 'd say more low than high.High Points : - I 'd Do Anything - Good song , catchy , captures teen love very well.-You Do n't Mean Anything - Great song , again it 's catchy . It 's all about teen agnst and you 'll fall in love with it immediatly.Low Points : - I 'm Just A Kid - Ok , first off , they 're most definately not kids , so I have no idea what 's going on the lyric part . And the music is n't that great , it sounds like most everything on the radio.-God Must Hate Me - This gets old in the first 30 seconds . They have everything in the world , so why has god cursed them ? Cuz they 've taken a pathetic shot at punk.It was a good cd to listen to the first time around , but it gets old really fast . Youll find yourself shoving it on your cd rack pretty quickly ...
 I did not buy this album . I stole 5 of them because I wanted to have coasters for the beer that I will drink to forget about this album . First off
 You know , it 's just so hard being a kid these days , and Simple Plan ... well , would n't know . This is , of course considering that every member of the band is of or above legal drinking age in the states and has created a new kind of poseur status . No , I wo n't wave the `` You 're not punk '' finger at these guys , maybe I will , it is n't punk rock if that is what you want to know , pure bubble gum pop with distortion , nothing more . Ok , back to the part about them being poseurs . Their lyrics are that of a 16 year-old 's journal . If they were 16 years old I would understand , but a 21 year old singing about how tough it is when dad takes aways the car and grounds me , what does he care anymore , he can move out . The songs are about high-school romance and they 've long since graduated , I think and I just find this absolutely hilarious.I could probably mistake this band for a group of 16 year olds now that I think about it . I was channel surfing and noticed that MTV had a `` Behind the warped tour with Simple Plan '' segment coming up and figured that I had to see that . It was too good . They all had their perfectly spiked hair , except for the bald guy , and acted like children that somehow stole instruments and decided to jump around a lot . Punk rock was bound to be exploited -LRB- no pun intended because the Exploited were a disgrace to punk rock -RRB- and I knew that this day would come . Hey , it has been coming for years and is now in full force with the new boy bands -LRB- following the demise of the likes of Nsync and the Backstreet Boys -RRB- complete with relationship confidentiality contracts . Throw in the goofy stage presence -LRB- i.e. Everyone jump on cue -RRB- and a rowdy group of underage girls and boys in Hot Topic fatigue and put Simple Plan on the mainstage but not for their talent.They need to live it up now because songs about `` sneaking out of your parents house on Friday night '' just wo n't fly when you 're thirty , or twenty-five . How long will it last ? ...
 As you probably know , Pierre and Chuck along with 2 talented musicians founded the great Quebecer punk band Reset . Great lyrics , original guitar work -LRB- really original ... not a lot of punk guitarists use tapping in their solos , plugged on a Boss Metal Zone disto pedal -RRB- and innovative melodies . Go check for everything you can find on Reset , you wo n't regret it.But then ... ouch , still hurts me ... the ashes from Reset resulted in a one-man studio trip album called Radioactive -LRB- which is sooooo bad ... Phil should have put this cd under his name , without raping the name of Reset -RRB- and this ... yuk ... Simple Plan band . Empty of intelligent lyrics , empty of originality ... but full of superficiality ... still empty of sense . Especially Pierre ... dude , come on !!! You once wrote awesome lyrics about those fat industries that keep on destroying our mother Earth ... pretty sad to see it all turned out to be songs about broken hearts , wanting to be perfect to you daddy 's eyes ... boohoo ... WAKE UP !!! YOU 'RE 25 !!!! You should have stopped caring about it for a long time now . Ok that 's it , I 'm done .
 First of all , who is this lead singer ? He sounds like he is a prepubescent eunuch with walrus adenoids . Come on people , so you would work for 3 hours at McDonald 's on minimum wage to save up for a crappy CD by a band like this ? Just the thought of that alone is pathetic . Think about it , is 3 hours at Micky Dee 's really worth this drivel ? I bet if NSYNC tried to play musical instruments like guitars and drums , they would sound better than this . When i bought this CD and listened to it , i decided to try to see how much damage the CD could withstand . I lit my cigarette lighter under it -- the CD did not burn -- D * mnit . OK , how about boiling it water on the stove -- the d * mn CD did not melt . OK , i tried bending real hard -- i was trying to break it in two -- do you know what happened ??????!!!! IT BROKE AND CUT ME -- I WAS BLEEDING !!!!! -- I now hate this CD and this band even more . Hopefully my cut wo n't get infected . My ears already are infected by the supposed music this band claims to make -- and that is the worst part . My ears are precious , but now they are tainted by the music that sounds like it came out of my rear end after alot of straining and pushing over the toilet . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK -- BUY 12 BIG MACS AT MICKY DEE 'S INSTEAD
 You know how when your little sister or brother is watching barney on TV , and you over here a song and it gets stuck in you head for days . This is very much like that . It painfully plays all day long in your head while you screem inside your mind `` MAKE IT STOP !!! '' . The facts that kids my age -LRB- 17 -RRB- actually listen to this stuff really makes me kinda shocked . No I 'm not making fun of anyone , but this IS pretty childish stuff . Its actually sad . I wonder if the people who listen to this are like Peter Pan or something on the inside . I mean common , they said it themselves `` I dont wan na be told to grow up . '' This should speak for itself . I dont usually like to band music , but you really should n't own this if you are over 12 .
 I do n't understand how this album could have possibly reached platinum success ... First of all , the music is so bland and obviously drawn from the band 's influences that the only identity that can be found lies in the singer 's annoying , piercing voice singing about how much his life in particular is worse than anyone else 's . Secondly , the average rating of the album is 3.5 and half the reviewers have something very bad to say about it . And believe me because I know when to hate and when not to , that Simple Plan is n't coincidentally hated , or hated due to popularity . If you listen to this album and have any sense of what actual music sounds like , you will cry like the babies that Simple Plan 's members are . This is n't normal bad we 're looking at ... It 's TERRIBLE bad , worse than anything I 've ever seen before , so rediculously bad that I ca n't figure out wether to laugh at it or get mad over the fact that a band like this could ever find the success that they have.If you like this album , listen to Green Day repeatedly for a month without a single dose of Simple Plan . Then go back and listen Simple Plan again and you 'll realize not how bad music can get , but how much better it can be than Simple Plan . And eventually you 'll be able to appreciate how bad they are .
 This may be in my opinion the worst piece of crap band I have ever heard in my life . They 're so terrible they may me want to puke or blow my head off to stop that terrible noise . Worst than boy bands , even worst than cancer , this is the most horrible music I have ever heard .
 This group is so WEAK I could puke ! I am from the Montreal area like these guys , I am really truly embarassed by this band . Their material -LRB- I ca n't use words like art or songs because they do n't apply -RRB- is so cookie cutter , radio pop , middle of the road friendly BS that I would not waste my time downloading it for free . message to the band
 This whiny pop punk ass bull sucks ! If you listen to it , stick your extremeities into a blender . NOW .
 This ai n't nothing but crap dawg . If you like this , you are a little 2 year ol moron . This ai n't Rock , this ai n't Punk . This is Pop . If you want real muzak , check out Iron Maiden , Opeth , Cryptopsy , Suffocation , Sonata Arctica , Slayer , Dream Theater or some good classical Muzak like Bach , Mozart , Beethoven or Verdi . This posers ai n't nothing but a bucnh of fake a $ $ es hungry for money . Believe THAT !! G-W-G-T-I-CH
 When Simple Plan first came out , I was just starting to get into punk and rock music , so I thought they were pretty good . I saw them in concert -LRB- they 're awesome live -RRB- , and I bought their CD . Then I started getting into bands like Green Day and Blink-182 and realized that Simple Plan is n't much compared to them.Now , I 'm not going to be like some of you reviewers who have nothing better to do than to go on Amazon.com and bash bands that you think are `` posers '' ; I 'm just going to state my opinion . Some of the songs on Simple Plan 's CD are pretty good , like `` I 'll Meet You There '' and `` Perfect '' , but honestly , there 's only so much I can stand . I do n't really like the vocals -- they 're a little bit whiny for me , and remind me of New Found Glory -LRB- which I also used to like , but do n't much anymore -RRB- . The thing is , my opinions have changed and my favorite bands have changed . I used to like Simple Plan ; now they 're not that good to me . If Simple Plan is your thing , listen to them . If they 're not , then do n't listen to them . Do n't go around putting them down because they 're not what you 're into . And do n't call me a poser just because I used to like Simple Plan , and now I do n't . Peoples ' tastes change.And like Nikki Navaille from Orlando , FL said , if you want to spend all your time talking about how much you hate Simple Plan , make an anti-Simple Plan site.All I 've got left to say is
 Attention morons
 Why only two stars?Because it 's too simple for me . The guitar chords are basic , the lyricsare tiring , the singer 's voice is whiney , and so on and so forth . However , I do find that there 's more groups than just Simple Plan producing these types of records
 They ca n't hold a candle to Good Charlotte . GC actually has some good guitar parts and SOLOS -LRB- yes you heard me -RRB- . SP has none of that . They play slow power chords with sappy lyrics that are copied off of Blink and GC but are not sung with nearly as much emotion . At least Good Charlotte 's lyrics are different , this bands lyrics are n't , its all boring love songs that we 've heard a billion frickin times ... I gave them 2 stars because I like a few songs but thats all . And you know what , all you people need to stop b **** ing over whats `` punk '' and whats `` poser '' . Good Charlotte have said themselves their not trying to be punk , so whats the use in arguing ?
 ALL OF THERE SONGS ARE ANNOYING AND THEY CANT PLAY.THERE JUST A GOOD CHARLOTTE COPY.THERE BOTH SELL OUTS.THE FANS ARE ALL GIRLS.DO YOURSELF A FAV . DONT BUY THIS CD.NOT WORTH 1 STAR
 what an awful , awful attempt at `` punk rock '' which is a genre that has been exploited and dissolved in the mainstream music biz a long time ago . if you have heard blink 182 , good charlotte , or sum 41 , you 've heard this guys already . simple plan brings nothing new to the `` punk '' genre , they only make it more watered down and corporate than ever . the only reason you see other reviews on this page saying that they are good is because those people have not been exposed to true music , only what they can reach by mtv or the radio . here are bands that are better , louder , and more significant : the white stripesburning bridesthe donnassupergrass
 getting this cd , i was misled by addicted and i 'd do anything , which are on the radio enough that you dont need to get this cd to hear your fill of them . the rest of the album is not even the punk-pop that is those two hit songs . it is solid , annoying pop that gets on your nerves . also , the song perfect bugs me caus it is the worst song on the whole album yet it always gets stuck in my head . these guys are dorks pretending to by punk , but they could get some lessons from greenday . from now on , their better off touring with pop hits like michelle branch and christina aguilera
 simple plan is possibly the worst band i have ever heard ... unoriginal and just plain crap that shouldnt be called music ... just a comersial good .
 This is the worst peice of crap ive ever heard ... the guy sounds like a whiney little chipmunk which drives me crazy ... i love cananda but why did they have to bring these guys here ahhhh ... if u want a good canadian actual punk band listen to propaghandi but this is the worst excuse for a punk band ive ever heard ... there annoying and there lyrics are even worse ... dont buy this unless your an 12 year old who doesnt know better .
 This has got to be the worst album EVER made next to a good charlotte or limpbizkit album ! The singer sounds like someone kicked him in the nuts ! For good music stick with bands like Machine Head , Nothingface , Opeth , Venom , Slayer , Soulfly , Cradle Of Filth , and the ultra heavy In Flames!Peace out !
 Hey , do n't ask me , their the ones who said it ...
 Why are people always grouping this band with Good Charlotte ? Honestly , they are NOTHING alike ! Good Charlotte 's lyrics are more personal and sincere , this band 's lyrics are fake and just stupid . Listen to this lyric by Simple Plan
 ok ill admit it i used to LOVE this cd ... . but then i bought a NOFX cd and thats of course real punk ... . I think that if ur a screaming 8 year old ull love this cd . but if ur not dont even waste ur money go and buy the distillers new cd ... . now that deserves 5 stars!or buy anti flag just if u own this cd ... quickly go and crush before it kills ur cd player . and if u actually like this cd . . OMG thats gross to even think about !
 this is not punk . Nor it is it rock.Nor is it even pop-punk . It is trashy coparte sellout pop rock . The 8 year old ` punks ' will lap this up.If -LRB- why would you -RRB- you want to here more of this junk see avril lavange , good charlotte , brand new , new found glory etc.if you want to listen to some proper punk see sex pistols , the clash , rancid , dead kennedys the ramones etc.PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS ALBUM . IT IS FOR 8 YEAR OLD POSERS BEING BRAINWASHED BY COPARATIONS INTO THINKING THEY UNDERSTAND SOMETHING THEY DO N'T KNOW .
 simple plan is being declared the # 1 rock band of this era . wow ... what is this world turning into ??? if they didnt try to have a rock image , with the umm ... stud belts ?? guitars -LRB- believe me , they dont know how to use them anyways -RRB- ?? thats about as cheesy as it gets . they might be able to brainwash a bunch of 7 year olds to buy this stuff , but please , if you want to buy a cd to listen to actual music ... dont buy this ! the lyrics are just like the music , it sounds like its been written by a five year old like this line
 There are no words I can think of right now to explain how bad this crap is . It belongs in a garbage disposal . They deserve to be shot in the head . I would n't take this CD home with me even if you paid me $ 20 . Hell , it 's so bad that I would rather listen to the f*ck in Backstreet Boys !!! Ok , enough ranting ... I just wanted to give ANOTHER 1 star review towards the worst music ever to grace this planet .
 I uzed two lick Sample Plane ... but then they turned into poppy krap ... just outter grabage ... junk in the rainbow ... just complicate losers ... I Will never buy this cd again ... it wasted me 20 $ ... thats alot of casch were I come frome ... now why is this band so bad you assK ??? They just suck ... their cant sing ... there singer sux . . and they guitary is just awful ... I feel sorry for there mothers . .
 stop saying this isnt real punk ! cause it is ! this is way better than anything those old school bands like the clash did . this is an awesome punk rock album and simple plan are the best band of all time ! deal with it !!! -LRB- ... -RRB- when looking at this piece of garbage -LRB- ... -RRB- i think of suicide , becuase this is a poppy piece of garbage . Real punk yeah right and bashing a great PUNK band like the clash just shows ingnorance these simple plan fans have.Now lets see some questiosn to see if Simple PLan Really is PUNK1 . -RRB- Do real PUNK bands play on MTV and TRl and e sell tons of records.No , real punk bands dont play on MTV and do not sell a whole lot of records and play with MXPX .2 . -RRB- Do real punk bands only write about girls and how there dad is not proud of them becuase he did not go to college so he is goin to whine about it.No , real punk bands dont at all they write about real issues , including politics and simular stuff ot that . I would liek to see Simple Plan do that3 . -RRB- Do real punk badns get booed off main stage at Warped Tour.No , most punk bands that do play warped tour do not play main stage the play a piece of crap small satge that no one relaly goes to becuase they are MTV crazy , at Warped Tour 2003 Simple Sh*t went on after the Suicde Machines and before the Used . SO after the suicide machines ripped things up goos old hardcore punk band SImple Sh*t went on to get bowed and stuff thrown at them . There may have been 100 kids actually wanting to see them the rest 5000-7000 ppl did not wnat anything to do with them so they yelled stff at them and threw stuff at them.Wow what a Punk band they go on MTV and TRL , they write about girls , and they get boed off main stage at Warped Tour - what a punk band i did n't know all of that was real punk wiat its not.To all you people out there that buy these NOW collections and watch MTV adn TRl find a life and stop posing becuase real punk groups join bands becuase they feel thretend by society and are out of place and need a outlet . But now a days people join `` punk '' groups becuase of fashion and truly do n't know what punk is and for now punk is dead these pop badns ahve ruined it for everyone in this genration this music is Punk music and most people dont know what real punk is and bands like this have ruined t forever .
 simple plan are just a bunch of dumb kids that think they are punk and metal . this is a horrible band . simple plan is just like any other bad pop-punk band . if you want better new music try disturbed or cold .
 If there were a 11/2 stars , that 's what this album would get ... No Pads , No Helmets ... Just Balls is overrated . While I recognize that many people find Simple Plan `` wonderful '' and `` totally awesome , '' I tend to disagree . If there is one song on this record that breaks set in any way , shape , or form , please let me know ... This is all music you 've heard before , from more deserving and convincing artists like New Found Glory and Blink-182 . Simple Plan is a band marketed towards the teeny boppers gone `` punk . '' This is an album you 'd expect to find in your little sister 's CD shelf , right next to Good Charlotte and Avril Lavigne . Right from the start , All ... goes right down the proverbial toilet . With catchy singles like `` I 'd Do Anything '' and `` Just A Kid , '' Simple Plan is showing how willing and ready they are to sacrifice their meager musical talent for record sales . Granted , most other groups do this too , but they cover it up better . -LRB- See what I said about convincing ? -RRB- All in all , I 'd skip this one over ... Sure , if your friend has it , burn it and give it a listen . However , be warned that there is nothing special here , just your standard three chord guitar hooks and a -LRB- really , really whiny -RRB- repetitive singer with similar lyrics .
 I feel sorry for kids nowadays . I mean , sure , when I was young I admit all I listened to was stuff that was played on the radio or tv . But at least then NIRVANA , STONE TEMPLE PILOTS , SOUNGARDEN , SMASHING PUMPKINS , ect . were the rock that was being played on the countdown . What do high school kids have now ? This crap ? Maybe they just ca n't see this manufactured formulaic trash for what it really is now ... `` I 'm Just a Kid '' ... Honestly , if you kiddies like this now -LRB- which I still do n't really understand -RRB- , I guarentee you 'll feel weird listening to this in a few years . The title of the song alone makes my spine ache.Why do I even bother with this review ? Well , for one , I 'm sick of these dorks taking up valuable airtime on my local rock station that could be better spent playing some real music . Second , maybe I can convince some of you to listen to some of those bands I mentioned earlier in capitals . You have heard of them , right ? -LRB- these days I dunno -RRB- . Just cause it 's `` NEW '' and popular does n't mean it 's good , for crying out loud ! Remember that !
 Hi I hate simple plan , their music has no depth , it 's just `` Come on kids listen to our really bad music '' . One of my closest friends like them and that sucks . Everytime my brother puts on their sophomore album , I tell him to turn it off .
 HORRIBL IS ONE WORD THAT DESCRIBES THIS ALBUM AND THE BAND . THE WORST PART IS PEOPLE THINK IT IS PUNK WELL THEY CAN SHOVE THIS CD UP THEIR ASS AND BUY `` FULL CIRCLE '' BY PENNYWISE > DONT WASTE MONEY ON THIS GARBGE
 Please shut up ... u guys r a disgrace to canada ! go away ... please ... french b@sterds
 go buy a new vocie pierre with all the money you soinapropietly earned . you suck and -LRB- as a fellow Amazon writeronce said -RRB- so dose -LRB- Empty-V -RRB- MTV . it 's like a sell outs channel.only the big sell out bands r played on it . these guy mix theretitles up . it should be pads helmets and no balls ...
 This CD is good but only for the pop-punk fans . I 've listened to 1000 's of bands just like Simple Plan that the pop-punk fans probly dont know about . You people writing reviews thinking NFG is real punk , need to pick up some Sex Pistols , Ramones , Black Flag , and Anti-Flag . If you really like Anti-Flag and their lyrics , then maybe you might like actual punk . This band is ok but there are THOUSANDS of bands just like them that you know-nothings have never heard of . Most people that listen to these big bands that use to be good before they sold out like Blink are probably ignorant preps or jocks . I knew Blink and liked them since Chershire Cat . I never woulda thought they 'd turn out like they are now . If you want another same-old pop-punk band than buy this . have fun . haha .
 Here 's another example of how sad the popular music scene is at the moment.I guess the good thing is that most of the people buying this album are 12 , and think they 're punk.Don ' t worry kids , you 'll grow out of that phase.If you want to listen to some good pop punk/emo , check out the Reputation or Rainer Maria 's new album.Once again , the girls have to show the boys how to rock ... buy this album if you like Good Charlotte , or the Ataris.They 've been having success with the `` 12 yr old punk '' scene .
 It is sad to see a talented band like simple plan being put to waste . They have corny voice and a very repeative tune . This album can get old really fast . There are only two amazing song on this album and they are i 'd do anything and addicted.If i were you , i suggest download these two song , and do n't even think of buying this album.Yes , simple plan is nowhere near as good as good charlotte . They do n't have enough selection of song . Each one of their is all the same.I hope this help!By the way , selected yes if you like simple plan or no if you do n't like simple plan .
 Simple Plan is exactly like Blink 182 just a little more childish . I would say their lyrics are good , but the way their music is and the way its sung is n't too great . To me , they sound like little kids singing . I give them two stars just for the lyrics , some are pretty good . Overall , I would n't recommend buying this CD . Too many bubblegum punk bands are coming out , and it needs to stop .
 this so called `` band '' just needs to quit , right now . but they wo n't cause they know that the people like those who gave this poor excuse of a cd -LRB- more like a drink coaster -RRB- will listen to them and give them the money which they do n't deserve . simple plan , hmmm , well they do have one . that is to brainwash these idiots into believing their music is actually GOOD , and of course some people are actually stupid enough to believe such things . heartbreakerrrrr ... oh dude shut the hell up , i so want to punch the lead singer in the face , its more like no pads , no helmet , and no balls . and their new cd is called `` still not getting any . '' really , i wonder why , could it be because all of you in your little elementary school p *** y pop band have no talent and are all complete flamers?Simple Plan stinks , no matter what anyone says .
 I hate to break it to all you mainstream flavor of the moment followers but bands like simple plan and good charlotte are NOT punk rock . But you wouldnt know what punk rock is because im sure youve never heard a real punk rock song in your life being as the real punk bands dont feel the need to have a hit single blaring over and over again on your local top 40 hit radio station . And i garuntee you that any song that gets played on a station like that is not a punk rock song . Simple Plan are a bunch of whiny retards trying to look deep and soulful and make everybody feel sorry for them in songs like `` Perfect '' ohh my god have i never heard more untalented lyric writing in my life . What i 'm saying is if youre a 14 year old girl and have a wide array of simple plan , good charlotte , new found glory albums and thats all youve been exposed to ... its not even really your fault that that is what you have been lead to believe is real punk rock . Well its not ... before you say that you like punk rock ... go and get an album by The Deadboys or The Refused or Alkaline Trio and then if you enjoy it , you can say that your into punk rock . And if you do n't ... well than thats cool at least your not living a lie . Now you can just be honest about it . When others ask you what kind of music your into you can simply say , `` I 'm in to mindless pop radio punk wannabee crap . ''
 Is this worse than emo ? YES ! Emo is kinds good sometimes ! Better than Pop-Punk ? It is pop-punk and it SUCKS !!!!!! Wan na hear some geek whine about his dad wanting him to make something of himself in his ` life ' ? Listen to this ! I 'm sure you 've all heard that Perfect Garbage ! But gee ! His dad sure was hard on him ! I mean , come on ... he wants him to get a job , be responsible and have a life ! How cruel of him ! If my father did this I would sook as well ! -LRB- not quite -RRB- ! . I find more seriousness in the lyrics of comedian Weird Al Yankovic ! This cd is so bad ... whiney , g@y, ... , ... I give up ... THIS IS NOT PUNK , I KNOW YOU DISAGREE AND DONT THINK THAT IT IS A VALID POINT BECAUSE ` THEY DONT CLAIM TO BE AN ANGER-RIDDEN HARDCORE PUNK BAND ' !!! Yes I 'm talking to you , ya dumb@ss!! Tom Servo you are an idiot , you review ` Death Metal ' cds by Christians and say they are better than Cannibal Corpse and Deicide ! Get a life loser ! Yes , this cd does suck all you people that gave it 1 star ... WE BROTHERS !!!!!!!!! Even though this hunka junk ai n't worth 1 star , the paper the booklet is written on is worth less than half the value of paper normallY !! Hell , everytime I see the words ` Simple Plan ' -LRB- ouch , I wrote it ! -RRB- I have to clean my screen because I notice a sudden grime build-up !! Yes I am a skater , I do n't consider myself a Punk or Goth but I 'm a god damn metalhead and I wo n't put up with this crap . Punk is good . Punk?Punk
 Ok , first of all , simple plan used to be a decent band . They used to be a band called Reset and were on a undergroung label in canada . While they were reset they actually were ok . They were much more technical , had decent non-recycled lyrics , and played more than three power chords . They decided to `` sell out '' . They `` sold out '' because they decided to change there music style to favor the mass of people that enjoy recycled , major lable , poppy , easy to listen to music that has destroyed music these days . Music for people that know nothing about musci and listed to music because dont take time or effort to look for great bands that are not fed to you by radio and mtv . This is why simple plan sucks , along with good charlotte . -LRB- rant off -RRB-
 Little preppy kids , this is NOT punk , this is pure pop with guitars . I ca n't stand this group , they sound like all the other pop bands out there like bad charlotte , sum 41 , and blink 182 . There is no orginality here , all the songs sound the same . these guys are as punk as NSTYNC . If you want to listen to real punk rock get a Dead kennedys , rancid , bad religon or sex pistols cd !
 this cd is not only a disgrace to the whole music world in general , but also disgraces the darkended hell that is punk pop . My friend made me listen to this crap and all i want to know is ... '' IS THERE ANY CREATIVITY WHATSOEVER ? '' anyone with half a mind knows that love and loss songs are not hard to write because since everyone can identify with that everyone can also write about it . The guitars are horrible , i can play the drums and i do n't drum , and i think I can sing better though i have the vocal equivalent to the guy from Mushroom Head which is also a shot in the ass . These guys are just another band that the girls listen to just because they think the guys are cute and the boys listen to just so they can get it on with the girls . OPEN YOUR EYES PEOPLE . if your gon na listen to this retarded genre at least listen to the origionals so you wo n't be as shallow and as much of a poser . do you people listen to music at all ?
 Oh punk rock , where have you gone ? I was subjected to this album last year by a friend , and needless to say , I was n't pleased . It 's sad that punk rock , once a vital and powerful artform , has been co-opted and watered down into sort-of a sub-power pop , `` alternative '' rock mashup for a new generation . Simple Plan are to the Ramones -LRB- or even Green Day for that matter -RRB- what Candlebox was to Nirvana . No Pads , No Helmets ... No Talent -LRB- eerr , No Balls -RRB- is a bland collection of Deep Blue Something tunes played at 45 rpm and dressed with a hodge-podge of laughably trite lyrics written by a 20-something about how hard it is to be 16 . Not that there 's anything wrong with writing a song about your teenaged years , but Simple Plan completely trivializes the experience of growing up -LRB- if you want a good song about being young , try The Replacements ' `` Sixteen Blue '' -RRB- . It 's downright insipid . It 's not even about the music being punk -LRB- it 's not punk though -RRB- ; any way you slice it , this is bad stuff . It 's the kind of music that insists that rebellion is about telling your parents to f ' off because they want you to do the dishes . It 's sad really , that a genre that used to base itself on rejecting conformity -LRB- musically , politically , etc. -RRB- has become pre-packaged drivel that goes against all the values it used to stand for . Not that it 's Simple Plan 's fault that they 're marketed as punk , but the fact that it is passed-off as such is a tad disheartening . I could go into a long rant here , and I do n't want to . If you like this sort-of thing , fine , but I think it pretty much speaks for itself . If you have any interest in punk rock at all , though , pick up a record by the Ramones , The Clash , or The Fall .
 boy band with guitars ... nuff said ... listen up kids ... in the music biz there is a person called a manager ... and this person finds little bands that are decents musicians ... he then throws alot of money at said band and tells them how , what , when , who and where to play the songs that he and a marketing `` brain factory '' come up with ... they then sell this music to the highest bidder -LRB- music company -RRB- then they bombarde the broadcast tv and radio waves with the music so that you think that everyone out there is requesting to hear it played because it is the coolest thing out there ... you then turn around and buy said music because you buy into the marketing and because the music is so `` catchy '' -LRB- a term used when something sounds so familiar that it gets stuck in your head , not asimilar to nursery rhymes you heard as a kid -RRB- that you fall in line ... hook , line and sinker ... the manager/producer makes his money back on his investment , mission accomplished ... by the way ... thus ... simple plan
 ok ... this is the same damn thing as good charlotte ... and they 're a bunch of posers too !! if u like simplistic , repetitive stuff that barely passes as music , this is for you . if u wan na listen to REAL punk music , go get a pennywise cd .
 Yeah , i know their music is terrible but the thing that ticks me off about these guys the most is that people actually classify this as `` punk rock '' . This is pop . These songs remind me of Backstreet Boys songs with guitars mixed in . Besides ... songs like `` I 'd Do Anything '' and `` Addicted '' are so annoying that i 'd rather listen to the Macarena a million times.What was the point of this review ? I do n't know ... I just thought that this album needed another 1-star review ... it 's that bad.For real punk check out
 Just balls in what ? A vice ? The `` Perfect '' song comes out of my speakers , and I remember why XM or MP3 mixes are vital to my listening experience ... I can shut all the crap out and listen to what I want . So I will avoid making personal attacks on this band . They have an audience ... they fill a need . They may suck in my eyes -LRB- and many others -RRB- but I know a lot of people who find the Beatles archaic and Hendrix unexciting . I do n't agree , but that 's their , um , interesting opinion . I hate MTV now anyway -LRB- and have for about seven years -RRB- , so as long as bands like Simple Plan get their videos played on TRL and at 4:00 in the morning or spun on the local `` music mix '' radio stations , I will hear very little of them anyway . If you like these kids , buy the album and help them through college in a few years when the novelty has worn thinner than the tepid lyrics and whiny voice on these songs .
 that should have been the title anyway . yep sorry to break it to all of you MTV and TRL haters but here 's a new band filled with rich pretty-boy skaters . and needless to say the cheerleaders already adore them and are currently sporting their pictures on their folders and on the walls in their rooms . these guys have instantly become the topic of slumber parties filled with 13-14 year old girls who apply their lip gloss carefully so as to attract those skater preps with bleached blond spiked hair.sound familiar ? yeah the same thing pretty much happened when blink 182 -LRB- they suck too -RRB- came out . then again with sum 41 -LRB- they also suck -RRB- . and yet again with good charlotte -LRB- who also suck -RRB- . and now its happening all over again with yellowcard , mest , new found glory -LRB- and yes these guys all suck too . -RRB- but now we have another band that sucks and they 're called a simple plan . and yeah you guessed it they give us an album filled with crybaby lyrics about breaking up with your girlfriend and how much their parents hate them . oh please spare me the pain . i dont think ive ever heard rich preps whine so much . why do you guys cry about losing a girl when you know any there is some other airhead chick waiting to take her place?oh and to all you people that say its the music that counts , well then how do you explain all the giggly pre-teen girls , when asked why they like the band , giggle and say `` because the lead singer 's hot '' oh yeah the music counts alright . im sure those girls really came to hear the music . -LRB- im being sarcastic . -RRB- man i 'd love to see the faces of preps and cheerleaders everywhere when i play some rock and/or metal . they just would n't get it . -LRB- oh and ill nino and linkin park dont count as metal -RRB- i once had Morbid Angel-Altars of Madness -LRB- great metal album -RRB- playing rather loud on my CD player in class and all the skaters and cheerleaders looked about ready to cry and throw the Bible at me . oh and to all you dumb f*ck s that call metalheads satanic there 's a song on this simple plan album called god must hate me . sure there 's a nice chrisitan song your parents would approve of . im sure God must really like that song.f * cking retards.oh and one more thing . in a recent interview these guys insulted kurt cobain -LRB- R.I.P. -RRB- ! they said and i quote `` as a guitarist kurt cobain is just okay . '' well guess what guys , kurt could have played circles around you with his eyes closed.just because you guys tried to play a nirvana song and quit because it was too complex for you does n't mean he 's not good , it just means you guys suck c * ck.you thinking of buying a good CD ? get Master of Puppets -LRB- Metallica -RRB- Ultimate Sin -LRB- Ozzy Osbourne -RRB- Coma of Souls -LRB- Kreator -RRB- Terminal Spirit Disease -LRB- At the Gates -RRB- Fabulous Disaster -LRB- Exodus -RRB- Practice What You Preach -LRB- Testament -RRB- or Somwhere in Time -LRB- Iron Maiden -RRB- . if you are a teenage girl , jock , or a skater prep , then stay away from rock/metal and stick to this simple plan garbage because rock/metal would make you piss in your pants that you bought at Hot Topic , Beach Access , and/or Tilly 's . as if you could n't afford another pair anyway .
 Why did these guys get popular ? Their not nearly as good as other pop-punk acts out there , that have humor , meaning , emotion , and good , fast guitar riffs . Simple Plan does all those things mediocre at best . Okay , they have light humor in some songs , but not the kind that would make you burst out laughing like Blink-182 . They touch on emotion in a way in Perfect , but the singers voice is so laughable that you cant take it seriously . If you want pop-punk with emotion try New Found Glory . They cant write good , varied songs either . All their songs are about love or them whining about something . If you want a band that writes about lots of topics and has some meaning , try Good Charlotte -LRB- their not nearly as bad as alot of people think -RRB- . If you want pop-punk with quick guitar riffs and good solos , try Sum 41 . Some songs on here are okay , but like I said , SP is just a mediocre version of all those bands I mentioned before .
 Ok , this is complete crap . There is no better way to describe it . So of course hundreds of little preteen girls are going to rave about how easy it is to identify with . It is only easy to identify with if you sit at home and whine about everything wrong in your life . The people who are obsessed with this album are the same people you see trying to dress hardcore and under the impression they 're a rebellious outcast because they listen to a band who sings about what it wants for Christmas . Listen to Pennywise .
 Simple Plan is extremely poppy , predictable , talentless , generic , brainless , and whiny , but somehow they still rock . Honestly , I can not figure out what it is about `` God Must Hate Me '' that makes me like it so much . I think 80 % of the people bashing them just are n't open enough and think hating SP will be good for their image . Whatever , you can do that but your missing out on some good music .
 Simple plan does not deserve to be called punk it is crappy pop.If you like REAL punk I do not suggest this cd , but if you are one of those media buffs you should buy it and hit yourself a couple times wile your at it for me .
 `` ok , i saw simple plan at the warped tour l ; ast year and thought they put on a good show , so i bought they 're cd . Ill admit i liked some songs at first , after about a few weeks i was so annoyed with songs like `` Id do anything '' and `` addicted '' that i would just turn the RADIO off when they came on . One thing that annoys me is the song structure of all they 're songs . Intro then verse then intro then chorus then cheesy drum roll then chorus then back to intro , repeat this 12 times and u got all the songs on this cd . Another thing is the whining , Pierre sounds like hes a little girl . I did meet them , yea they arer nice guys , but wayyyyy to many middle school girls at the shows . Heres what they need to have on their next cd in order to get my respect . 1 -RRB- Faster beats 2 -RRB- A little anger 3 -RRB- Less predictable songsone more thing before i go ... playing along with O-town and Celine deion at KISS concert isnt a good thing to do if SP is gon na call themselves punk , dont waste ur money , get the new Ataris cd instead .
 When I first heard Simple Plan 's `` I 'd Do Anything '' , I seriously thought it was Sum 41 . This band lacks in creativity and originality . The lyrics just plain ... . As the cd goes on , the songs get worse and worse . I mean c'mon , an alien girlfriend ? I can see they were trying to go for some creativity there , but it obviously backfired.I suggest not buying this cd unless you are a real fan of pop-rock bands such as Sum 41 , Blink-182 and Good Charlotte . . If you are looking for a more punk cd , I reccomend The Distillers , Anti-Flag , Finch and Thursday
 Simple Plan is not Blink 182 . They are way too Pop to be called Blink . None of their tracks hard enough to please true punk rock fans . All of Simple Plans tracks kinda sound the same but that is n't always a bad thing . I think this album would apeal more to teenage girls who watch MTV all day than 18 guys who are looking for harder beats . It is a good album at first but the POP soon takes over and it makes me put away the CD for good .
 All I can say is ... EW ! the lyrics blow , the music lacks , the ideas of songs , i mean come on ! i bought this cd and i so regret it ... who writes a song about an alien girlfriend . . im so mad they are on the radio now ... disgusting ! dont waste ur money please humor me
 Id have to go twords negative to give this cd my most honest opinion to tell you the truth , first of all these guys are just bad and thats bad in a BAD way , theres no talent nor any musicianship in this band whatsoever.all these guys do is play some random sounds that they learned to play on their instruments after about two months dedication of practice while the lead singer anoyingly screams like a girl to some lyrics hes reading from a stolen teenagers detention book!its obvious that all these guys are after is your money , come on now why else would they write these teen based drama songs whyning all the time about how hard there life is living with their parents and all this other crap they dont even deal with ? try anwsering yourself that question before you even think of buying this piece of junk , better yet just do yourself a huge favor and dont!this is just a total waste of money whatever you do , do not buy this cd !!! invest your 12 bucks on something important like the sunami incident in thailand or something.its a lot more productive then giving it away to these trl based moneyhungry assclowns .
 let 's face it this is not punk it 's pop like all of the other crap over mtv there are sum decent songs but emo/punk bands like my chemical romance and the used are way better
 oh my god I love this band , they are so hot . I love they 're punkish hairstyles and the way they dress . The music is awsome . IT 's like the coolest cd I own besides Britney spears and good charlotte . The lyrics are like so deep , I almost cry . I 'm a teenager too and I know how it feels when your parents yell at you and when you break up with your boyfriend and stuff.Damn my nail broke . Got ta go , American Idol is on . Simple Plan rocks !
 They have a `` Simple Plan '' sure enough ... . That plan is tosuck for the entire time they are in music . Too many oftoday 's bands sound just alike . How can you tell thedifference between them ? There are some exceptions ... Butthis band is n't one of them !
 Now i decided to review this rancid cd , i mean green day cd , o wait is it blink 182 ? no wait its good charlotte o no its simple plan its all the same though , lol Punk = pop end of story its all the same you want to hear some meaningful music go pick up KoRn 's self tituled debut and you can hear Jonathan davis -LRB- vocals for KoRn -RRB- crying in the background or go buy marilyn manson 's antichrist superstar and go listen to the man that you fear now thats real and its not fake ! Another person reviewing this garbage said the lyrics were sad ?!?!? sad ?!??! no pathetic heres pretty much what you get when you listen to this crap o no i wrecked my daddys car boo hoo o no god hates me he lieks to pick on me and i wish i was dead cause lifes to terrible thats bull * hit !!!! but its another band for the preppy popular kids . so sad it really is . It really is .
 Often in the music business , bands or musicians form for no apparent reason , they are pointless , unoriginal , unexceptional , and they certainly DO NOT further music at all . Clay Aiken is one of these musicians , Avril Lavigne is one of these musicians , and Simple Plan is DEFINATELY one of these bands.I listen to the music , I watch the videos , and I sit there thinking `` why ? '' why on earth does this band exist ? what makes these people think they can sing or play instruments ???? the lead singer 's voice is ATROCIOUS . There is NOTHING special or original about him or his bandmates . These guys are not punk , they are jockstraps with instruments.Songwriting is also quite redundant . These fools do not tell me anything that I do not already know . Therefore , I see NO point in listening to them . I do hope you see them in the same way . Let us hope someone socks the lead singer jockstrap in his pretty face -LRB- the only reason girls like the band in the first place -RRB- and thus the band will serve no purpose anymore , and break up . We do n't need them . Music needs originality . Listen to AFI .
 I will be the first to admit , I am not a big fan of punk music . I am more interested in rap and classic rock , like Jimi Hendrix or Outkast . But I know that when skater-punk first became big with the help of bands like Blin-182 or Green Day , it did seem quite revolutionary . But then comes Sum-41 , Good Charlotte , and now Simple Plan . By now , skater-punk is being way overused . I am tired of the genre , with the same depressed/happy/I must have weed and a girlfriend NOW beats and rhythyms . I have heard enough of the guys getting dumped and scraping their knees on the pavement garbage that skater-punk has become . And Simple Plan is not the only bad rock band out there . Whoever thought that Good Charlotte would be a good band was sadly and seriously very wrong . I 've heard enough about Benji and Joel and all their suicidal girl followers . And about Simple Plan and Avril Lavigne , these retards are Canadien ?!?! WTF ! Are Canadiens becoming like heavy skaters now , because it was n't really that way a couple of years ago . Whatever the case is . do n't buy any more Simple Plan or Good Charlotte or Simple Plan and Good Charlotte followers ' albums ! It 's not worth it , and right about now , I 'm off to listen to OutKast , 50 Cent , or Jimi Hendrix , not skater-pop . Trust me on this one !
 These guys are the epitome of crap . The singer sings about heart break and stuff but you would never know because he sings like he is happy . He has no emotion even though it may be the worst day ever . Yeah every day is bad after listing to this junk .
 Maybe this band should take it 's own advice and `` Grow Up '' . This album is absolute sunshine-powered pop drivel . Even fans of the pop-punk genre are advised to steeer clear of this piece of dung .
 they are the worst emo-poser band ever . all the chords to every song are the same . . they JUST SUCK BALLS
 Simple Plan punk ?!?!? Did everyone believe him when Carson one day said on TRL that Simple Plan was one the best up and coming punk acts . Here 's a newsflash ... Simple Plan is not punk , however , they do belong in their own genre ... let 's just call it Nasal Whining . For anyone who likes them , I just want to know what kind of melodic satisfaction do you get from listening to this ? Better yet , I think 99 % of Simple Plan fans listen to these guys just because it 's `` cool '' since everyone else does . Using Simple Plan as an excuse to be accepted by society is pathetic and the lowest the American pop listener has ever gone . If you 're a fairweather Simple Plan fan , then you are probably interested in other brainwashing media-made icons such as Britney Spears , NSYNC , Linkin Park , Limp Bizkit , and finally , believe Metallica is the most talented metal band around . You must be proud : -RRB-
 i like rock , but this cd sucks !!!!! it is the worst , waste of time on the internet looking it up and waste of money , so save yourself , DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!!!!
 Simple Plan is just another example of why since 2000 music has suck . they are just another pop punk band along with Good Chorlette , New Found Glory , and Lilexthat sounds JUST LIKE everything else blk 182 did 4 years ago.music today is like its was in the 80 's no creativty , no originality , and no idenity . Just record companies puking out the same band over and over and over again . I first saw Simple Plan on T.V. and thought Blink knock offs and they would ` nt last , but then I saw them on Nickoloden , NICKOLODEN , then on Disney and I got bored with them . But then when I saw them appearing in the Mary Kate & Ashely Olsen movie now I wish they were dead . Since the 90 's ended music has sucked . MTV and the radio suck . You guys who are all 14,15,16 do n't listen to this you want Punk listen to SUM-41 , MINOR THREAT , BLACK FLAG , GREEN DAY , RAMONES , DEAD KENNEDYS , SEX PISTOLS , AFI , BAD BRAINS , AND THE CLASH . Even Offspring is better than is . Enough said .
 Simple Plan is just another example of why since 2000 music has suck . they are just another pop punk band along with Good Chorlette , New Found Glory , and Lilexthat sounds JUST LIKE everything else blk 182 did 4 years ago.music today is like its was in the 80 's no creativty , no originality , and no idenity . Just record companies puking out the same band over and over and over again . I first saw Simple Plan on T.V. and thought Blink knock offs and they would ` nt last , but then I saw them on Nickoloden , NICKOLODEN , then on Disney and I got bored with them . But then when I saw them appearing in the Mary Kate & Ashely Olsen movie now I wish they were dead . Since the 90 's ended music has sucked . MTV and the radio suck . You guys who are all 14,15,16 do n't listen to this you want Punk listen to SUM-41 , MINOR THREAT , BLACK FLAG , GREEN DAY , RAMONES , DEAD KENNEDYS , SEX PISTOLS , AFI , BAD BRAINS , AND THE CLASH . Even Offspring is better than is . Enough said .
 This is not punk ... this is pop ... just to let you know .
 probably the most poppy band i have ever come across upon . Man , these guys friggin have songs on this album that r on the SCOOBY DOO soundtrack , yes u heard me the SCOOBY DOO soundtrack . Singer sounds alot like the singers from good charlotte , sounds like he 's whining threw the whole song ! Alot of the songs sound like they should be played in kinderagten class with little gurls and boys jumpin to this boy band.PS-if u like punk ... DONT GET THIS CD !
 I 'm under 13 so I should like them.But you have to be under 13 and stupid to like them.Childish lyrics , bad music -LRB- did I just say music ?? -RRB- , poser faces .
 Remember the style of music that came out in the late 70 's called Punk?The pioneers of this type of music were bands such a Clash , The Sex Pistols , The Ramones and the Talking Heads . The style becamse somewhat funk-influenced to the gut-wrentching hardcore metal influenced sounds of The Dead Kennedies and Ministry . Even Social Distortion had their own little sound to offer . This is how it went through the 80 's . Yet , after the who Nirvana-mania that saved music from Whitesnake and Warrent , Punk , as well as many other sounds , seemed lost until ... Green Day comes around with `` Dookie . '' This continued the punk sound into what we know today.So in the words of Oasis
 i 'm not a kid I 'm 17 I just did ` nt feel like starting my own account . # 1 PEE-AIR is pretty much the worst sing on the planet -LRB- even al barr from the dropkick murphys is a better singer -RRB- simple plan is the only band I can think of that the singers voice gives me a headache I rerember one time -LRB- true story -RRB- me and my brother were in the car listening to the radio and the song addicted came on I only listened to it for about 10 sec and that 10 seconds gave me a headache for 3HRS . # 2 lyrics suck they should sing about something else besides girls and how much they hate there life and crap ... for crying out loud why do they complain about there life and there filthy rich and all that crap there in there 20 's so grow up and get more fans besides jr high and high school girls perfect example of a band 's lyric writing beats the crap out of simple plans is a band called mewithoutyou so listen to them . # 3 NOT VERY TALENTED I found this in a bands website the band is called HE IS LEGEND -LRB- I highly recommend he is legend -RRB- `` We are just tired of hearing these ridiculous bands doing the same things , sacrificing the talent and musical ability for a crazy live show , ripping off the same lead singers , doing the same ol' moves . We decided that it was time for something a little different '' simple plan is a perfect example of a band that trades talent for fame and he is legend is a great band they have talent , good lyrics , originality , or just beats the crap out of simple plan at everything . # 4 to sum it up they are horrid pretty much every guy hates this band so LADIES avoid this band at all cost and listen to some great music like : anberlindemon hunternorma jeanthe chariothe is legendagony scenehaste the daydead poeticshowbreadstretch arm strongbeloved -LRB- not the british pop band -RRB- blindsideemerymewithoutyouunderoaththe showdownstaplemortal treasonas I lay dyingand punk music I listen to that 's not crap like simple plan : ramonesaquabatsghoti hookless than jakecalibretto 13dogwoodbouncing soulsAFI -LRB- there old stuff -RRB- flatfoot 56dropkick murphysflogging mollystreet dogsRX banditsrise againstone 21and one more thing that I highly recommend you look at pretty much one of the best punk albums I listened to is called `` the dragon is finally laid to rest '' by a band called `` one 21 '' go check it outSteve M.
 This album takes everything bad about punk and puts it in a album .
 a couple years ago , i borrowed this from a freind , when i was into pop punk . even then , with very limited and narrow minded msuic knowledg , i still thought this was repetitve , and only gave a couple listens . its obvious people
 simple plan just dress like there punk but release music that is crappy pop . its afwul
 This cd is gay . The song refering to christmas sounds like a barneysong . It is entirely pointless and kidish . The songs are so goody goody . The singer sounds like he is 13 .
 Ok . Let me tell you something . I am not punk . I dont claim to be punk . but once this is for sure . This CD does not even come close to punk . These songs are aimed at kids ? I 'm 12 and I know a sellout when I see it . This band has nothing behind their corporate masks . You want punk ? do NOT look to blink 182 , sum 41 , simple plan , good charlotte or NOFX to get it . if you want real punk with substance , look to The Stooges , Ramones , Dead Kennedys , Black Flag or , if your a moderner look to The Distillers or The Lot Six . These bands are real . Simple Plan has nothing . trust me . Unless your a kid whose selling yourself out big time , or an adult who already has , steer clear of this sh ** t.
 I wish I had a nickel for every time I heard someone proclaiming Simple Plan as their `` favorite punk rock band '' . That 's just flat out hilarious . These guys are about as punk rock as Barbra Streisand.A brief history of punk rock
 This plan must not be that easy to solve . First off the singer , very high voice ... dont understand how you can even enjoy listening to this crap . Better music is all over at the metal scene . now where is the 0 star rating when u need it ?
 This band is a mockery of the punk rock genre . I know people say their songs are catchy and infectious but they really are n't . Blink-182 were making goofball records for years until their most recent , more mature , new album was released . Even they know that they had to get out of the gutter before every teenager around the world became obsessed with fart jokes and midgits . Other bands like Sum 41 and The Starting Line at least have the gusto in their live show to make up for their lack of studio prowess . Unfortunately , Simple Plan aim way low on maturity scale lyrically and musically . Songs range from irritating to flat out obnoxious . C'mon people . Get your head out of your asses . Buy a Buzzcocks or Clash album . Hell , just buy an Offspring album over this piece of crap . I 'm only one man with an opinion . But music like this is destined only to fade away and never be remembered again .
 Now let me tell you right now that i DO like pop-punk -LRB- The starting line , Midtown , greenday , Fall out boy -RRB- . But this is just garbage !!! What qualifies for music these days is just horrible . These guys have NO punk essense whatever . they are just pop . just cause you dye or spike your hair , wear a studden belt and skate shoes deos not make you a punk . these guys target demographic is 11-13 year old girls who think thier life sux cuase a guy deosnt like them . They are just a boy band with guitars . This is as manufactured as mainstream pop garbage .
 Simple PlanYou say your punkThat is bull $ h!tYou sang `` I Do n't Want To Think About You `` Those Lyrics Connected To Me Cause That Is How I Feel About YouAll Who ANswer No To If This Review Is HelpfulCan Lick My ... HandIf You Like ThemThen You Go To School Wearing Abercrombie and Spend Hundreds of Dollars Say Your Punk and The Only Ones That Agree With You Are Your Immature Poser FriendsSnoogans!Love , The JonesIf you agree your kick@$$!
 Good Charlotte . Newfound Glory . Simple Plan.Those are all names that are frequently heard in modern day `` rock . '' But folks , this is n't punk . It 's pop.I can not argue against you that liking pop is not a sin . Because it is n't . As a matter of fact , I like some pop . But moving on.For those of you saying that this describes a teenagers life ... . you 're wrong . It 's a fact . For example , `` I 'd Do Anything . '' I know that you would like to get the one and only guy/girl , but who cares ? That 's nothing unique . Mankind were meant to like each other , and to become wed and produce more humans . So just 'cause you want a girlfriend/boyfriend does n't mean you 're emotional.Wait a moment . Do my eyes deceive me ? I see two reviews that say Simple Plan has BILLIONS of fans . 6 billion people in the world . About . Many cultures , a lot of different music . Billions , implying more than one billion . I know I 'm being technical , but are n't you Simple Plan lovers being technical too?The reason Simple Plan got a recod label because it was what pop music , or at least the record label , was looking for
 Before my musical tastes went off the deep end completely around September of 2002 , I remember my friends playing this in his car when we were driving up to the mountains.Now , pop punk is really a hit and miss thing.I LOVED Green Day as a young buck , and I could listen to Blink 182 and actually enjoy it . Then my roommate at the time got this CD I 'm reviewing and kept playing it ... To say `` No Pads , No Helmets ... Just Balls '' changed my outlook on music is severely inadequate to express my reaction to Simple Plan.Anyways , we were driving along and `` I 'd Do Anything '' starts blaring through the 4x10 '' . Normally , I 'd hear my roommate start playing it and I 'd put on my headphones and listen to something else . Simple Plan was really , just too simple of a plan for me to follow . But now it 's thundering inside the car with the volume at 11 and I CAN NOT ESCAPE IT . The album somewhat plays out ... Simple Plan had finally shown me how far `` mainstream '' music has devolved , even since 1997 . Within the period of 5 years , we 've gone from `` OK Computer '' to THIS . -LRB- I 'm not slagging `` OK Computer '' , it is THE best rock album of the 20th century to me -RRB- . Maybe I am getting older , but I faintly remember when even the clone bands actually had something going for them.I could go into how Green Day did this with more balls and skill more than a decade ago before they fell off the boat . I could go into how Blink 182 are a hundred times better than this at their laziest and greediest . I could go into how this is the weakest dillution of an already drastically weakened formula . I could say that not once did I even feel like I was being rocked . I could say that I would n't consider this CD fun EVER . Instead , I will say Simple Plan have finally made me respect hair metal . You can say that hair metal signifies some of the worst qualities in music and I would fullheartedly agree . I would then proceed to tell you that at least Vince Neil was snorting half his body weight in coke a month and Bret Michaels was banging half the females in Los Angeles WHILE probably doing his whole body weight in coke a night and they still kept going . Simple Plan just need to get their asses kicked by Northern Idaho skinhead punks.So after my encounter with Simple Plan that one September afternoon I proceeded to buy El-P 's solo album `` Fanastic Damage '' , Boards of Canada 's `` Geogaddi '' , and Godspeed You Black Emperor 's `` Slow Riot for New Zero Kanada '' . 3 completely different genres for sure , but any three of these CDs are lightyears beyond Simple Plan 's comprehension . That 's not saying much , as even Days of the New is probably beyond their comprehension anyways.So before I get REAL longwinded , maybe I should give Simple Plan credit in that their brand of music made me follow my own existing esoteric tastes even farther . But then I might as well say Pol Pot was an alright guy because he taught me communist regime inspired genocide was bad . There 's no way in hell that 's going to happen .
 Out of all the cr appy punk-pop bands that have come out since Green Day , Simple Plan have to be the worst of the entire bunch ! The band basically invented the whole `` let 's write songs about our awful lives and call it emo '' . Another thing , can you really name any members of this band other than Pierre Bouvier ? Do n't worry , you do n't need to . Nothing about this pile is good from the whiney lyrics to the lame guitar playing of Jeff Stinco -LRB- okay I can name one but that 's it -RRB- . A lot of people describe Simple Plan 's lyrics as `` poetic '' and `` emotional '' . Here 's some lyric examples : `` Yesterday was the worst day ever , And tomorrow wo n't be better it 's history repeatingOn and onSummer plans are gone foreverI traded them in for dishpan waterAnd everyday is never endingI need to work I 'm always spending '' `` I 'm just a kid and life is a nightmareI 'm just a kid I know that it 's not fairNobody cares cause I 'm alone and the world isHaving more fun than me -LRB- Tonight -RRB- `` One of the worst parts as well is Pierre 's horribly whiney voice . It sounds like this : `` WAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!! MYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy LIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiiiiifffffEEEEEE SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuccccccccccccKKKKKKKKKKKKKKSSSSSS !!!!!! '' * ears start bleeding * So here we end yet another review of yet another very cr a p py album by a very cr a p py band . Thus say The Metal Master 92 ...
 I 'm not exaggerating when I say that this CD is one of the worst I 've heard this year . While their music is fine from a technical point , it 's all very ... samey . It 's like they took the same three chords and played them over and over again , just in a different order.Their lyrics are incredibly immature . They must be , what , early-mid 20s ? Why on earth are they singing stupid songs about how much their parents hate them?If you 're into Good Charlotte and the wave of faux-punk music that 's sweeping the world , you 'll love this . If you 're into something a little more deeper , stay away and look elsewhere .
 I do n't know how people can even compare Simple Plan or New Found Glory to Good Charlotte . Simple Plan has nothing interesting to say , its all corny love songs or songs about the lead singer wanting to `` do whatever he feels like doing '' . Good Charlotte covers many other topics in thier songs such as
 SERIOUSLY ! - if anyone knows why is this band famous ? They 're got awful they are probably the most untalented band I have ever heard in my life ! The guitar riffs seem as though they were written by a four year old . And the music is as creative as `` when your happy and you know it clap your hands '' . There is no complexity at all to this . And I mean sometimes simplicity is great ! But in this case NO ! The vocals are atrocious too ! I SWEAR THEY 'RE CHILDREN ! Okay I get it POP-PUNK is great ! Just bury me in a hole until this fade dies and maturity once again is somewhere lyrically in our music.AH ...
 simple plan are a band like anyother trying to make it big . but with the gay lyrics and crap vocals , they shouldnt even be a band . . i definatly recomend this for ppl really into the whole POP punk , thing if you want it more like nsync.download id do anything , and youll be fine . nothing else on this cd is worth money !!
 I admit that I was drawn to this band by their first single played repeatedly on the radio and my pops offered to buy the CD for me because he liked it too , and was probably hoping that he could borrow it from me some of the time . After hearing it for the first time , I just let him keep the fricking CD . I have never heard such a poor excuse for punk in my life . The worst part by far is how this CD has horrible , horrible , extremely childish lyrics . It 's sickening to listen to , literally and physically sickening . An Alien girlfriend ? Good God , please . That is by far the worst song on the CD . Nothing against the guys in Simple Plan , they 're just another pop punk bnd trying to make it big , but this cd is truly awful . If you 're totally into `` pop '' punk , then by all means get this CD because clearly you 'll like it . If you are a devoted emo/punk fan who enjoys real music ... then I guaruntee you will not enjoy this CD . Sorry guys , try again . Or maybe ... do n't .
 This may be the worst cd out there , what is really the difference between them and the backstreet boys or N'Sync . Both are willing to do anything to get on MTV and play the most commercial brand of Music . Both have legions of teenage girls who sing along to there lame music . They even both wear makeup ! Take a look at the album cover , O ' they are so cute ! I guarentee that these guys where never into Punk Rock 3-4 years ago , and are just out for the cash !
 Am i the only one who thinks guys in their late twentys singingabout tests and crashing dads car is a little odd ? Punk is supposed to be intense , honest and anti-mainstream , not stoopingdown to twelve-year-olds who just outgrew N'SYNC . How can a bandthat opens for avril lavigne have the balls to call itself punk?I ca n't wait till punk stops being cool and all of you trendy teenybopper posers stop creating a market for horrible `` punk '' bands like this and listen to something else .
 stop telling me you listen to punk rock if you like this band .
 I hate bands like this . They 're the type of guys who are convincing 12-15 year old girls everywhere that dying your hair and wearing a studded belt makes you punk . They 're no better than Blink 182 , Good Charlotte , and Yellowcard . If you looked up the word `` posers '' in the dictionary , you 'd find a picture of these bands next to the definition.One of the reasons fans of Simple Plan will always use to back up why they like them is `` because you can relate to them ! '' . No sh*t , Sherlock . When you write the songs directly FOR your target audience -LRB- which is kinda sad when you think about it -RRB- , they 're OBVIOUSLY gon na be able to relate to it . These guys are , what ? 25 ? And they 're still acting like a bunch of 13 year olds . Come on . Just take a look at song titles like `` The Worst Day Ever '' , `` I 'm Just A Kid '' , and `` God Must Hate Me '' , and tell me how you can possibly take this band seriously.News flash
 ... there should be a picture of these guys inthe dictionaary next to GAY ... if i hear perfect or addicted on the radio one more time or if i hear my 11 year old sister sing them ever again i may jsut lose it and shoot up the place . Anyway , this band has nothing . their music has no depth no meaning , just a bunch of annoying pop hooks in order to cash in from the TRL crowd . There is no way these guys actually like the music they make or they may not have dicks . Bands like Simple PLan and rappers like chingy represent everything that is wrong w / MTV and mainstream music these days . Anyone that thinks this band has musical talent obviously knows nothing about music and needs to expand their horizon .
 When I first heard this song , I could n't remember if it was Sum 41 or Blink 182 . Or could it have been New Found Glory ? All American Rejects ? How many of these artists are there ? They all sound the SAME ! There IS one difference , this guys voice is painfully BAD ... like the lyrics . Simple Plan 's name states it all there
 Seriously , this is even worse than new found glory . honestly , there isnt even the slightest hint of punk in this . anyone who calls this punk or pop punk obviously has never heard stuff like rancid or bad religion or operation ivy . if you like all those crappy pop bands like new foung glory and blink 182 , then this is right up your alley . im just glad i didnt waste my 14 bucks on this .
 it 's completelly embarassing the posture of the guys from simple plan ... they must be 30 years old men , but sings naive lyrics with a complete lack of talent and the songs seems the same ... TERRIBLE !! Almost everything on earth is better than this silly product .
 This is quite possibly the worst schlock passing itself off as emo I 've ever heard . This is n't emo , this is n't punk , this is n't even rock music . This is what you get when you give the Backstreet Boys electric guitars and distortion pedals . This makes posuers like Green Day look like Fugazi , Sunny Day Real Estate or Sex Pistols . And trust me kids . That 's saying A LOT .
 First off . . I just have to say . . why do they pick album names they direct to their girlfriends ? I 'm sure they -LRB- their girlfriends -RRB- have more balls then these wannabe faggots . I do n't even feel like wasting anymore of my time writing a review .
 I usually have an opened mind toward music , but I think a band should have a certain amount of talent to be signed to a label and make albums and be famous . But Simple Plan is doing nothing new . They are making `` pop punk , '' which seems to be the current rage in music . I 'm usually do n't like punk music , but I do enjoy bands like The Clash , Pennywise , NOFX , The Ramones , The Descendents . Simple Plan is making punk music , only the singer sounds like a 12 year old boy whose voice has n't cracked yet . Not to mention the rest of the band - i honestly thought the bassist was a girl the first time i saw him . The guitar parts are usually simple , as are the bass and drum parts.Also , the lyrics suck . Thats the best way to put it . `` I 'm just a kid and nobody cares ... `` You 're 25 years old . Get a f*cking job and quit whining.But hey , if this is your kind of music , have fun with it . I hate it when people persecute others for their choice of music .
 Just a message for simple plan and their fans . Look this band really REALLY does suck . Someone actually had the balls to say these guys are better then older bands such as the clash ect . I mean seriously WTF ?!?!?!! Please grow up , stop watching TRL , stop listening to Top 40 and get outta the mall and maybe you will actually find true rock or punk or metal or alternative or SOMETHING but not this anything but this , this is pop through and through
 Do n't even think of bowing down to Simple Plan . Like a regular wise-old grandfather would say
 Though Simple Plan is n't punk , its the fans that call them it and THEY are the dumbasses , anyways , the reason simple plan sucks is because they are talentless , posers , moneygrubbers , pointless , and above all canadian . Their lead singer whines too much and their music has no purpose or voice besides * insert high pitched whine * `` oh me oh my , my parents hate me , and god hates me , and I want your cash to help me overcome my pain , '' well folks do n't give 'em a dime , let the little bastards suffer.P.S . BLAME CANADA !
 Okay , I 'll make this quick and to the point ; this is awful . And for every poser Simple Plan fan who gives me a negative , I 'll just write another 1-star review . You know why?Cause I 'm a idiot.LOCAL CRAZY MONKEY
 I 'm not going to sit here and argue what genre of music that it falls into . Whether it 's skater punk , or pop punk , or whatever does n't really matter to me . The bottom line is that it 's supposed to be music , and it 's pretty much failed to accomplish that task.I 'll admit that I did listen to the CD twice because they tunes were catchy , but I 'm not really looking for catchy . I 'm looking for musical talent -LRB- probably because I 'm a music major -RRB- . I listened to this CD and there was absolutely nothing that impressed me musically . All the songs were in basic 4/4 meter , there was an excessive use of `` power chords , '' and most of the songs were in the same key . The intrumentalism was lacking.The lyrical content is nothing to be impressed about either . The basic ideas from the punk scene are just being recycled over and over again with this band . Those ideas being `` My parent 's do n't understand , '' `` I need a girlfriend , '' `` I do n't want to be like you , '' and `` I do n't know what path to take . '' So obviously this music is appealing to the typical high school croud of people that are going through some emotional transition stages in their lives , I just do n't think that recycling these concepts over and over again is anything special . Bottom line is that Simple Plan is really keeping it simple and not trying to have any originality.So you take a lack of musical talent , a lack of originality , a bunch of pretty boys , and a lead singer that sounds like he sucked down on some helium and you 've got a punk band . It 's nice to see what music is coming to .
 I give most bands a chance , but these guys , i 'm sorry ... they suck . When i heard the lyric , `` I 'm a dick ... I 'm addcited to you '' in that horrible screeching unoriginal voice , i cringed . i think my IQ actually dropped after hearing that song . and i was wondering to myself , how in the hell did these guys ever get a record contract ? I grew up with green day and the offspring , and blink came in a little late in the game , but i still like them , and those bands had honesty and humor to their lyrics and something to say at least part of the time , whether it was about genocide or mastuerbating til you go blind . but at least they didnt sing about lame break-ups and petty relationship problems for the wannabe skater punk . man , i 'm gon na break down the facts of this band , they ca n't sing , they ca n't play guitar , and they ca n't write . some bands can make up for being bad in one area by being amazing in another . not simple plan . if you have a brain , do n't buy this album , please . go support some local bands , or that kid next door writing stories and playing acoustic guitar , cause they have way more talent than this band .
 what can i say , i got the cd because i loved `` i 'm just a kid '' . THE ONE FROM `` The New Kid '' SOUNDTRACK !!! this version is pathetic . i mean , if they go big , horray for them but lets just say i wo n't be cheering them on next time im in some podunk club downtown.get midtown or NFG if you want to enjoy some REAL punk music .
 For anyone that is into the pop rock scene than this is a great cd for you . For anyone with any kind of taste in rock will steer away from this album . Songs like `` Perfect '' are so pop sounding that it makes me sick . Lyrics are unimaginative and sound almost boy bandish . Not a shred of decent rock in it .
 Just be patient pop punk haters ! The end is near ! The pop punk fad is rapidly dying out ! CD sales are slowing down so much that bands like Simple Plan are now in the `` Blowout '' section of Amazon.com ! Just scroll down to the bottom of this page and you 'll see Simple Plan in the Blowout section for $ 8.99 or less ! Pretty soon their record company will release `` The Best of Simple Plan '' , and their career will be all over . Yep , pop culture trends sure do die out quick . These guys will be back delivering pizzas and working at in fast food restaurants before you know it .
 Seriously , Im tired of all these punk bands that cant play their instruments adn sit around playing the basic stuff you learn after owning a guitar for a month ! and people eat this up ! These guys cant even jam I bet , much less actually write a well thought out solo or instrumental piece . and that singer really needs to go through puberty and quit crying .
 Just as the members of Faith No More may be kicking themselves for inadvertently influencing nu metal , the guys from the Buzzcocks must be giving themselves concussions for spawning one of the worst genres of music ever created alongside hair metal
 hprrible punk emo sellouts , try to sound like a band that deserves credit ANBERLIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this is not punk it is pop its horrible dont buy it save your oney buy a rancid cd not this pop
 This band takes a genre that used to be fun and rebellious one step closer to a genre full of boy bands like N'Sync . Their music and lyrics are horrible . They prance around in the videos just trying to attract the young female crowd ... attract that crowd , and you are set for a while ... at least until the next cute boy group comes along . If many more bands like this come along , this genre will be ruined completely . Just like what Nu Metal has done to actual metal music . Do the rest of us a favor and do not support this band , if you do , it will only fuel more .
 I do n't have much to say but bands like this have no originality . I 'm sick and tired of hearing pop punk emo whining bands that all copy off of each other doing the same old crap and making albums complaining about girls and whatever else . I 'll admit , I have n't listened to this whole album , but just from the singles and clips I can tell exactly how this is . Come on people ! Music is about new sounds and originality , these are the same chords and whiny lyrics we 've all heard far too many times . Do n't support this trash .
 I feel sorry for all of you men who have fallen into this death trap known as `` Pop-Punk '' . For young `` teeny-Boppers '' that is quite understandable , as I watched my sister go through the stage as a youngin ' . The fact is , this CD SHOULD NOT be qualified with the word `` punk '' in it at all . Simple Plan , New Found Glory , AFI , etc. , they all sound identical , so if you here one of their songs , you 've heard 'em all . This is not rock , so get over it and stop pretending that it is . Just because they PRETEND to be good guitarists does n't mean that they are -LRB- they have no talent -RRB- . Have you ever wondered what it 'd be like to see the backstreet boys with guitars ? Well , here it is . Unwillingly , I give this CD one star , even though it does n't deserve any .
 Well , I have listened to parts of this album , it 's not very good . I just wanted to review because I wanted to be cool and bash a band like the `` punk '' fans on here . I want to fit in too : -LRB-
 I ca n't see how you could call this punk at all ? Why does it sound like Simple Plan , New Found Glory , Yellowcard , Green Day , and Blink-182 all have the same annoying nasily voiced loser singing about some piece crap ? Addicted is one of the worst songs I have ever heard . All these bands are sellouts , who appeal to the masses . If you want something that doesnt suck check out Franz Ferdinand , Modest Mouse , Muse , Wilco , Interpol , and of coarse Radiohead .
 This dreck has no redeeming qualities at all . The entire `` pop-punk '' genre is horribly flawed , a prime example of the depths to which mass culture can sink . This is the worst of the worst , and I truly believe that the world would be a better place without Simple Plan and everything they represent .
 Look this cd and this band sucks , perdiod !!! after all the jokes there making about this group your actually still thinking about buying this ???? watch the discracted show on comedy central hahahahaha that show kicks total ASS
 See my review of their live cd.And god , go easy on the caps lock , you poser punk band loving psycho .
 This is by far one of the worst CDs I 've ever heard . Not because of the music , but because of the lyrics . You can tell off the bat by the song titles how immature this band is , along with their music and song.This entire CD is nothing but a pity-fest , whining about how they dont wan na grow up , or that they 're living `` the worst day ever . `` IF you want immature snobby music , then this is the stuff for you , but if you want real , good quality music that takes talent to write and play , look somewhere else .
 I do n't understand why this cd got such great reviews . I 'm not trying to bash Simple Plan , I do n't even have the cd , but it seems very unoriginal and more pop than punk . They sound way too much like Blink-182 only even more immature . How old are the band members anyway ?
 Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this cd . They played at the green day concert , and they are quite possibly one of the worst attempts at a punk band ever . I would give it zero stars but it wo n't let me .
 Simple Plan ... Hmmmmm ... Well , I have to say that they perform well . Of course the only reason for that is because their instrumentals were so loud that we could n't hear their lyrics . Seriously . They need to grow up . What kind of lyrics are `` She has two arms to hold me and four legs to wrap around me . She 's not your ordinary girl . She 's my alien . '' ? That 's retarded . Ca n't they think of lyrics that actually mean something ? Honestly . Their instrumentals are alright , though.Conclusion
 No originality . No talent . Poorly crafted songs . If you are above the age of 13 and/or have actual knowledge of REAL music , I highly recommend you overlook this album . The sad thing is that these talentless posers fly the punk rock flag , doing nothing but tarnishing the hard-earned reputations of such great bands as the Descendents and the Dead Kennedys . If you buy this album and think you 're punk rock , you either need a dictionary or a smack in the face . It 's bands like these that make me thank God I am not into the radio-friendly garbage most record labels are throwing in our faces these days .
 It 's a boy band , They were dressed up to look hardcore and put on mtv.This is n't punk , it 's pop.Listen to some real music.Don ' t exploit something you know nothing about .
 It is unsimple to keep these lame punk pop bands off this face of the earth ! My ears almost feel off when my friend assaulted me with is cd ! Throw this away and look for something better than this !!
 The same rehashed Pop/Punk thats been used over and over again . Flavor of the week guaranteed . Let them have their moment in the sun and a taste of the rock star life style , but in a year they will be forgotten . This is what happened to Blink 182 , and Sum 41 was really big for a while , but they 're losing it already . Now , it 's New Found Glory -LRB- who are starting to lose it -RRB- , Good Charlotte , and this unholy drivel known as Simple Plan . It will all be gone soon . THERE IS STILL HOPE FOR GOOD MUSIC !
 Listening to this band it always makes me wonder which poser band is more gay . Simple Plan , or Good Charlotte . It 's a very heated race . SP 's singer sounds like he 's in a boy band , the song topics are all aimed for pre-teen girls . What really annoys me is the token bald guy in the band . Does anyone care about him ? I for one do n't . That is why you are being ripped off if you buy this crap .
 I am amazed people older than 14 listen to this -LSB- worthless album -RSB- . I do n't even own the album , but my friend 's little sister blares this album every time she gets the chance , so I get subjected to it when I go over to his house . I mean come on , everyone knows highschool -LSB- is bad -RSB- . It 's not exactly a new subject . It 's almost as non-controversial as writing a song called `` Gravity Makes Things Go Down '' , and not half as funny either . I mean come on ! `` Every Day is the Worst Day Ever '' ? More like `` Every Song is the Worst Song Ever '' . And do n't even get me started on their `` musicianship '' . I would do better playing guitar , drums , bass , and singing all at once , by myself . Bands like this actually make me miss N * Snyc and the Backstreet Boys , because at least they did n't pretend to be anything other than sterilized garbage for 12-year-old girls -LRB- ... -RRB- . Of course nothing I do or say will prevent them from selling millions of albums , but at least in another 10 years , when everyone is ashamed of having ever enjoyed this `` band '' , I 'll be able to say `` I told you so '' .
 So this is what has happened to music huh ? I feel sorry for all of you kiddies growing up these days . The music that MTV and radio plays these days is complete and utter garbage !! Thank god i was born in the early 80 's and grew up with the AMAZING music of the early 90 's . With REAL bands like Nirvana , Soundgarden , Smashing Pumpkins , Green Day , The Pixies , Alice in Chains , Sonic Youth , Metallica dominating the musical landscape . These day 's it 's just phony tripe . No creativity or originality invloved . If you want to get enlightened just listen to the bands i listed . They will send you off to a world that is a far cry from the sewage that pollutes the airwaves these days .
 People without balls listen to this sh*t . All Simple Plan is , is the non-gothic form of Good Charlotte . I hate these guys with a passion if you do n't I suggest you open your mind to the better music out there -LRB- i.e. sh*t that is n't played constantly on the radio -RRB- . A pre-teen can pick up a guitar and strum a few bar chords and sing about how he misses his ex-gf and ca n't forget about her or sing about how he 's not perfect enough for some girl he 's infatuated over.Break away from the fruitcake music open your ears to : Amon AmarthAgollochAC/DCBlack SabbathBlack Label SocietyBostonChildren Of BodomDanzigDarkest HourIron MaidenJimi HendrixLed ZeppelinMegadethMetallicaThe MisfitsMotorheadNileOpethPanteraPorcupine TreePink FloydStrapping Young LadSepulturaSlayerSteve VaiSuicidal TendenciesToolThe WhoYngwie Malmsteen
 My 13-year-old sister , who , for some inexplicable reason , loves this band , got this album for Christmas and has yet to take it out of her CD player , which means that I have been subjected to this torture for almost two weeks . Having been privy to this , I feel that I am more than qualified to say that this is , without a doubt , one of the worst albums ever produced and that I am very surprised that people actually buy this utterly devoid garbage . Where to begin?This band , like Good Charlotte , New Found Glory , and the leader of this brigade , Blink-182 , is one of those generic , corporate , manufactured bubble-gum pop-punk bands that completely lack originality and are only polluting our airwaves for the sole purpose of ingraining this disposable junk into the heads of their intended pre-teen and teenage demographic and to , thus , rob them of their minimum-wage after-school job money . What I find even more despicable is that this strategy is actually working and that this music , along with the equally deplorable hip-hop genre , is dominating our popular culture overall . Many of the people who listen to this kind of music have no idea that there is a multitude of better music out there and that it is not that hard to find.Now , on to the music . My very first complaint I have with this band is with their singer . HE SOUNDS LIKE A WHINY 14-YEAR-OLD B **** WHO CA N'T STOP CRYING BECAUSE HE JUST GROUNDED FOR THE WEEKEND ! I could sing better -LRB- and I royally suck -RRB- ! Heck , my dad , who has a respectable taste in music and has also been subjected to this , calls this band `` The Whiners '' and shares my resentment for them . The singer 's voice is simply just not tolerable . He has no talent or vocal range , he sounds like he is pre-pubescent and has a permanent case of nasal congestion , and his lyrics could very easily have been better written by an illiterate six-year-old . The lyrics are simple -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , hokey , and completely lack depth . They sound like they were written from the viewpoint of a white upper-middle-class middle school boy who has everything but is crying out because he thinks , for some reason , that everyone owes him something . However , considering that that is the demographic that listens to this music , listeners , sadly , think they can relate and this might be why they like it.However , I can not discriminate in giving out the blame solely to the completely untalented singer . The band is just as responsible for the ever-so-poor quality of music . There are a lot of musicians in the band -LRB- five or six I think -RRB- and completely dispel the theory that more is better . The guitarists seem to know one chord , two at the absolute most -LRB- and for that reason , do n't play solos , not like any of the bands in this genre do , another symbol of their lack of musicianship -RRB- . The bass is virtually inaudible and the drummer tries way too much stuff that simply does not work.However , the band can not solely be blamed for this music . Whoever wrote this music should be shot . These songs obviously follow a formula and , in many parts of many of these songs , are the same measure repeated over and over , followed by a harder -LRB- or slower -RRB- refrain , another verse , refrain , painfully awful and musically lacking bridge , no instrument solo , a shrill vocal solo , and 600 refrains on out . Many other genres and bands follow a similar formula but seem to do it well . The problem is that not only is the musical performance dreadful , but the songwriting is worse . It is completely unoriginal and outright annoying . But I guess that is the goal of these songwriters . To write songs that , with these overly-manipulated guitars , five-string basses , and studio overproduction , are annoying enough to stick in your head after the millionth time you hear it on the radio or `` that so-called music channel , '' thus literally forcing you to buy the album.I 'm tired of slandering this bottom-feeding noise that attempts to call itself music . I 'm unhappy I even had to give it one star . I 'm gon na go listen to some Led Zeppelin , Pearl Jam , Stevie Ray Vaughan , Disturbed , Jimi Hendrix , Nirvana , Staind , Kenny Wayne Shepherd Band , Collective Soul , Tantric , Rage Against the Machine , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Stone Temple Pilots , Puddle of Mudd , Led Zeppelin , Soundgarden , Theory of a Deadman , Audioslave , Buckcherry , Alice in Chains , etc. a.k.a. some REAL music . AC/DC once said that `` Rock and roll ai n't noise pollution , '' but if Simple Plan actually considers itself rock and gutter-noise such as this is it 's future , then it 's well on it 's way .
 The corporate world of MTV has done it again ! Find a bunch of cutesy , clean-cut , clueless Canadians , and spoonfeed them a new `` image '' . Teach one to play a couple of chords , hand another drumsticks . Now , have some `` professional songwriters '' copy , verbatim , from some 12 year old 's journal about how hard their life is , and feed these lyrics to a whiney singer . Oh yeah , and dont forget to make sure that said singer of these juvenile lyrics is at least 21 ! Best of all , dress the lot of them all `` punk '' with spikey hair , eyeliner , and ripped clothes ! Wow ! Now all the kids can be cool and stop listening to those sacharrine boy bands and listen to Simple Plan 's `` rebellious '' music , shop at hot topic , and fuel the latest trends cooked up by scheming men in suits . It 's such a shame that so few people manage to see through this disgusting act . Real music is supposed to capture the emotion of an artist . Whatever Simple Plan is , it CAN NOT be called music . . it is a carefully created package that merely exploits a couple of young adults in pursuit of sucking the life out of the once-tolerable and fresh pop-punk scene . Many call this prefabricated C ** p a mere extension of the boy-band pop genre , ranking with the likes of Backstreet Boys and NSync . But really , I have to give someone who is still a genuine BSC or Nsync fan way more credit than people who have `` matured '' into this Simple Plan B.s. . . at least they didnt jump on the latest ridiculous bandwagon.PS - you can fight back ! listen to oldies ! ever stop and wonder why we are still listening to such classics as the beatles and simon & garfunkel ? because these ARTISTS transcend time and trend . Wonder where Simple Plan will be even 5 years from now ...
 Im 13 yrs old and if anybody says this is accpeptable for me to listen to , YOUR WRONG ! This is crap ! This is not acceptable for any age group . MTV shoves Simple Plan and Good Charlotte down the throats of millions of young and ignorant teens and teaches them that buying their albums is `` being different '' and `` going against the trend '' , and `` going against the trend '' is cool . How INCREDIBLY STUPID do you have to be to believe this ! Pop/Punk is a trend -LRB- bad trend -RRB- , therefore if you participate in it you are doing anything but going against the trend . Thanx to this , my school is now full of good charlotte and simple plan lovers who wear thier merchandise and studded braceletts and them and everybody else thinks they 're punk . PATHETIC!Now lets get down to the music itself . Its AWFUL ! All it talks about is girls and teenage problems -LRB- which i currently dont know much about -RRB- . AND THEY THINK THEY 'RE PUNK ! HA ! Where is the rage and rebellion . NOWHERE ! That 's where . It 's just sad that the majority of kids in my age group think of this as great punk music .
 what i am about to write is only my opinion . this review could be helpful if you choose it to be.simple plan is the poppiest pop band that should be headlining with the likes of nsync or avril lavigne.they are an nsync with distortion on their guitars . from the 3 or 4 songs ive heard from them i can say is that all of this has been done before and its nothing new or exciting or different for that matter.let me take for example the song , `` im just a kid '' yeah its a really catchy song but man grow up . youre like in your late 20 's or something please sing about something more mature or different . youre not a kid ! you are an adult ! and all i here are these simple 4 chord progressions , i mean come on play some cool riffs on your guitar or something . dont just play power chords over and over . and his voice man i hear that same tone of voice in pop punk music everywhere.i just seriously dont see the big deal in this band . there are other more talented bands out there that should be recognized but theyre not simply because theyre not catchy enough or `` cute '' enough to the public eye . there are just so many darn kids listening to simple plan and good charlotte hooked on to these simple catchy lyrics that a 3rd grader could write.to simply put it ... im just not a fan . . but if your just looking to have fun with music and like repetetive lyrics than simple plan is for you !
 I 'd just like to start off this review by telling Simple Plan fans , you are ignorant to assume only fans should be here . If only fans were to write album reviews , every CD on Amazon would be rated five stars . I really wo n't care when you kids vote this review as not being `` helpful '' just because you do n't like my opinion . Read the whole thing before you vote.I 'm going to make my point quick
 Simply put -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , this band is just the kind of pop that Mtv wants you to believe is actually Punk . Well , SP fans , as you might not know , there IS a thing called punk . And its main elements are
 Just for you to know
 There seems to be plenty of negative feedback on this CD , so much so that you do n't need me to write another bad review . Too bad , here goes . If you like Simple Plan cuz you 're 12 years old and having a lot of problems and can relate to their POP music , then go ahead , keep these poor canucks on our airwaves by buying their cd . If you like Simple Plan for their meaningful lyrics and punk style , well then , do n't buy this cd . Listen to Thrice or AFI . And realize how lame this stuff really is .
 I hate this cd , I loathe this cd . I hate this band its like listening to NSYNC or Backstreet Boys with guitars . BLEEEEHHH !!! Bad music !! Why are they on Warped Tour ?!?!? They do n't belong there !! They should be on some pop tour or something . Music like this should n't be made , it 's just adding to the pollution problems we have . BLAH !! enjoi .
 This group may say they are a punk band , but nothing is further from the truth . They are nothing but a few kids who realized they could make money if they imitated the early years of Blink-182 and the overly-commercial Good Char . While the Goods have not stopped torturing me with their prepackaged sound , why should I have to listen to another sound-alike ` punk ' group who probably did just fine in social circles . faux-outsiders like Simple Plan are taking Punk Rock , the interesting bastard-child of rock , to a new , juvenile , lower level . In their last two CDs , blink-182 has changed from childish ideas on sex to sadness and more adult themes . ` Miss You ' is the cry for punk to grow up . Any CD titled ` just balls ' deserves to be put on the back shelf . While other true punk bands have grown , Simple Plan and all the others like it insist on dragging it back down .
 First of let me state that I 'm not biased towards bands like A Simple Plan . I 'm not the type of person to say they are whiny little Emo kids . I actually think bands of Simple Plan 's genre are quiet good such as Blink 182 , but Simple Plan makes Rock music look bad . First off these guys are not the slightest bit original or creative . Most of their songs are in basic 4/4 timing made up of three or four things guitarists call power chords . Power chords are the basic building block chords for most songs . Yes many musicians use power chords now days but it is incredibly unoriginle when this band continously uses the same rhythms and the same four chords over and over again . The Ramones did it in the 80 's , Green Day did in the 90 's lets stop the nonsense.Most songs by this band start out with a simple guitar riff . Yes , simple is sometimes good by Simple Plans riffs have been used by all other pop punk bands in the 90 's and early millenium . Their songs sound like what Blink on Enema of the State and what Green Day did on Nimrod . When I first heard this album I feel like I 've heard there songs before . The riffs were so overused and recycled by punk guitarists.Next comes the singer . Besides having a voice that is disitrbingly high , it is also very whiny and annoying . He sounds like A New Found Glory 's singer but with a whiny voice . The thing that bothers me most about the singer is the lyrics . Every song is a sob fest about A -RRB- How he has no friends B -RRB- How his girlfriend moved away or C -RRB- How his parents do n't pay attention to him . Their is nothing interesting or poetic about the lyrics . I could have written the lyrics in five minutes . Heres an example of a song that they could have written : `` I have no friends , my girlfriend hates me , I wish I died . '' It also bothers me to hear an upperclass white kid with a privaledged life , singing about how bad of a life he 's living . News Flash to the singer
 Maxi pads that is ! I saw a poster of these posers , and they tried to rip off the Casualties . In this Casualties poster I have , the band is standing all pissed off in a junk yard , in the Simple Rip-Off , they stood tryin to look cool in an abandoned lot -LRB- i bet they had security to protect their rich boy asses ! -RRB- I hate posers , and i am tired of rippin off the Casualties and other true punk bands . 0 stars please !!!
 simple plan are just the worst . they have no talent whatsoever , theyre guitar riffs are nothing but pointless bangning on the strings , their singer hanst even hit puberty yet , they just arent good . i will give it to them that they probably have the best lyrics out of the pop punk movement today , since good charlotte couldnt write a decent song if their life depended on it , new found glory just sing about their relationships and their singre is even worse , and blink 182 are just plain annoying . i despise pop punk , but if you are going to listen to it , i suggest green day above these retard canadiens or any of the talentless pop punk bands that have arisen in the past 3 years . i just hate the fact that everytime i turn on the tv i have to look at usher or beyonce or lil homo or whatever the hell those rappers are caling themselves today . so when i finally see a real band , im looking for something like metallica or gusn n roses , but no , i am faced with simple plan and good charlotte . will somebody please fix this problem ? get all this MTV trash off the tv and lets get some good music back . MTV needs to get headbangers ball back if their still gon na keep their garbage they have on there now , at least get some other stuff too .
 I bought this CD because I like the pop/rock bands blink-182 and mxpx . I would n't go as far as saying these bands are punk , but they do have punk elements , much like simple plan.Anyway , this band seems to have formed a plan to apeal to teenagers who are going through problems that teenagers go through , even though the band members themselves are in their 20 's . That is just a little too lame for me . I thought there would be lyrics for people like me who are past all of that crap and do n't want to deal with it . But no ... they wrote songs that whine about teen problems . I understand they are trying to help teens out with their problems and are at a good age to do it because they have been through it all , but they really need to MOVE ON . It is very lame to sing these type of songs when you aint even in that era of your life anymore . What a bunch of retards . If your like me and you like pop/rock music like blink-182 and the newer mxpx stuff because the lyrics are past all the teen crap or you are a teen and do n't want to hear about teen crap , then DO NOT buy this CD . I did and I wasted my money . Save your cash and buy some better music that has lyrics that show the band that wrote the lyrics are moving on with their lives or are just not whining about life , unlike Simple Plan 's stupid plan to appeal to teens who actually like hearing about the whiney lifestyle that this band must have had in their teens . That 's a stupid way to live and this band is promoting it . Give me a break . If you have bought this CD already , trash it . I do n't care how old you are . Just trash it . It is n't worth owning unless your a teen girl who thinks the guys look hot . I 'm a guy and this sure as hell is not guy music . Otherwise just throw it away . Teen crap is what this band is all about . In the words of blink-182 in Anthem Part II on Take Off Your Pants And Jacket
 no simple plan god doesnt hate you he hastes us for creating you and your horrible band . god even fans of pop punk -LRB- good charlotte , nfg , sum 41 , etc -RRB- think you are big whiney losers . my god you are like 25 and stating your just a kid . hello time lapse ! oh and they are not even original enough to create their own song ideas . christ how many more bands are gon na piss and moan cause there daddy didnt like them being in a band ? HEY EVERYONE LETS ALL CRY FOR SIMPLE PLAN , THE MULTIMILLION DOLLAR MEDIA CREATED LOSERS CAUSE THERE DADDY DOESNT SUPPORT THEIR BAND ! awe poor you do you need a shoulder to cry on ? they just want to be one of those bands who pull the `` i had such a hard life growing up cause i got grounded '' image and its crap . wan na pity anyone for having a hard life , listen to good charlotte emotionless . thats real , not a `` oh pity me ! '' song . i never thought i would say this , but PUT NSYNC BACK ON TV . at least they dance better
 It 's almost impossible to believe there are already 3 singles taken from this album . This is a real joke ... I 'm just a kid ? Act your age , man ! This band is like every other band that came out before it -LRB- similar sounding I mean , like Blink 182 , Good Charlotte , New Found Glory ... -RRB- , only it 's not as good.There are so many lines taken from previous records it 's not even funny ... In I 'm Just a Kid there 's a line that goes
 Awww , poor Simple Plan , they just went platnium , have numerous top ten hits , and have gotten consistant play on the radio . Do I feel their pain?RiiiiggghhhttttAll the tracks on this album sound similiar to each other . Same chords , same rhythms , same whiny lyrics . The only song I really kind of like is `` Perfect '' . Other than that , it 's the same crap over and over again.Check out bands like `` The Killers '' , `` Rooney '' , `` Breaking Benjamin '' , `` Chevelle '' , and `` The Kaiser Cheifs '' for some good new music . Leave these guys and their talentless trash out to dry .
 Is because Simple Plan is on tour with MxPx . I do n't know why , but they are , and MxPx is the best . In fact , MxPx owns Simple Plan , buy Before Everything and After instead of this CD . The only good song on No Pads No Helmets ... is I 'd Do Anything . The rest of the CD is crap . They whine too much about their parents , kinda like Good Charlotte whines about their dad ; but where GC makes up for this with true honest lyrics and killer music Simple Plan just does n't deliver . Even when compared to other `` Pop '' punk bands , or poser bands like Good Charlotte and Newfound Glory Simple Plan ca n't even match . Avoid this CD like the plague , buy Before Everything and After by MxPx .
 The plan here is to ROCK OUT SOOOOO HARD TO THIS PUNKY PUNK MUSIC until we puke !! Sound too good no ? These guys are waayy too punky for me no ? The Pruddy much invented punk its soo great !!! I 'll like the punky part in that song `` I 'm a dic I 'm ubducter on you ! Man the so punkfuller than ever no ? I wish i could be like the singer an inhale all those balloons and have me a punker voice NO ? I also lick thayt uthor park in that songg '' I 'm sorry , I anty to perkit '' in the song Perfekser or somthing ... any way if you like the band 2 for dieing y 'll lick on this very band of brothers !! Peace !!
 Simple Plan is every other pop-punk band out there . They are not original or new , sounding the same as Good Charlotte , New Found Glory and Wakefield . The music is likeable , but it never reaches to an original or different style . With about eight gutiar chords and three drum beats , they try to create songs with depth or originality like `` Perfect '' or `` I 'm Just a Kid , '' but it 's obvioius that they are manufucatered to cater to what 's popular with music now . Although some of the music is enjoyable , the lead singer 's voice becomes whiny , the music exactly the same and the lyrics are predictible . Obviously , Simple Plan attempts to become the new punk band , while coming out with music that is just like everyone else 's .
 4 . I 'm Just A KidYes you are . Go back to school and learn how to play music .10 . I Wo n't Be There11 . One DayAnd a happy day it will be .13 . Grow UpTake your own advice . Grow up , play music , make art , and stop hurting my ears . * cries because 1 star is the lowest *
 ... `` Punk rock '' meant Crass , Dead Kennedys , Misfits , Black Flag , Agnostic Front , Bad Religion , etc. ? Probably not , judging by this band 's chosen demographic . But let me tell you , I guess those those days are gone , since the always dead-on MTV & Co. are calling this punk . In other news , Sid Vicious rolls over in his grave and Jello Biafra hangs himself out of shame . But on to this CD ... No , I do n't own it , but I DID make the mistake of buying it the first time around , back when it was called NEW FOUND GLORY . I have , however , heard a number of these songs through compilations and unfortunate run-ins with the radio . Emotional , it is not . Meaningful , it is not . Original , it is not . And `` punk '' it most definitely is not . Where 's the righteous indignation at the sociopolitical wrongs of this country ? Where does Simple Plan advocate overthrowing the government ? Where 's the general hatred of authority ? I guess ` punk ' is n't a lifestyle or mindset after all . It 's just another `` new-wave plastic trend , '' -LRB- - Bad Religion . Remember them ? Did n't think so . -RRB- The review by `` Kelly '' from Missouri , or `` Jessa and Julia '' from NYC should be enough motivation to avoid this CD , let alone show how urgently this country needs education reform -LRB- hey , Simple Plan , there 's a ` punk ' topic for you guys not to write about ! -RRB- . Bottom line , if you want pop-punk , check out the Ramones , the Descendents -LRB- the most underappreciated band today -RRB- , early No Use for A Name or Me First and the Gim me Gimmes . If you want emo , listen to Jawbreaker or Jets to Brazil . If you want respectable Canadian punk , check out Propagandhi . If you want pseudo-punk , pseudo-emo , unoriginal garbage , then by all means , waste 14 bucks on `` No Helmets , No Pads , Just Balls . '' Thank you for your time .
 I do n't want to degrade my generation or anything but this music is as much this generation as high school guys wearing girls capri pants . When i was in high school it was pennywise , blindside , fat and epitath not high pitched pop punk . where are the good old days ?
 It 's obvious that Simple Plan is primarily aiming for the younger teens with this . At least I hope they are . The lead singer is not very good , and his voice may grate on your nerves . People bash Avril because they say she is a poser . Avril 's never said she 's putting out punk music . These guys believe they 're punk ... they are n't . Still , if you like sugar-coated , trl/radio friendly pop ... with the tiniest breath of punk in it , then by all means , you ca n't go wrong here . If you want real punk rock , go with AFI . I would also like to urge you to check out KILL HANNAH , a little known band whose cd is coming out sometime next month .
 Wow this cd sounds like my grandpa gargling mouthwash . R these guys i mean girls tone deaf . yes tim i think they is . zedus leppidis , bloody isockets this is bad . they complain a bout there parents when 25 is that sad or is living shed sad . remember only u can prevent forest fires . now all these 6 yer olds will argu with parents so they can b like ther idols.vocals my nephew whyning about his pooy nickers is more musical than this.geetar it sounds like flossingbass justin timberlake could play the bass with his feet better than the bassist -LRB- check out matt freeman -RRB- drums ahh were should i start how bout here the drums sound carl weezer throwing a cocont at a diamondvega omega id rather where my grandmas pooy gurdle than listen to this piese of digested liver.and hamburgers r grown in patches
 im not even going to say anything because it would result in tears.NOT MY TEARS ETHER
 I suppose Barney is going to come back to the radio and start wearing stuuded bracelets and baggy jeans and singing about stupid stuff just like these losers are . I do n't own this CD , but I really do n't want to . I can hardly tell the bands Good Charlotte and Simple Plan apart . I 'm not a hater . I just do n't like these talentless wannabe girly boy bands.I `` ve heard the songs perfect -LRB- these are from GC also -RRB- Welcome to my Life , I just wan na live , Lifstyles of the Rich and Famous and they all suck !!!! please , if you are a smart person boycott bands like SP , GC , Bowling for Soup , YellowCard , and more . Listen to bands like No Doubt , Nirvana , B52 's , Evanesence . At least those bands produce enjoyable music ~ !
 Good guys , bad band . Four words that describe this Canadian band perfectly . Let 's face it , their music is terrible . Only whiny tenagers would enjoy this garbage . However , I admit that thee guys are hilarious and they did try very hard so for that they deserve a two . If you want good Canadian talent , try Sum 41 . WHY YOU SHOULD BUY IT-You feel sorry for them.-You truly LIKE this garbage.WHY YOU SHOULD LEAVE IT ON THE SHELF-You hate poppy pop punk and have somewhat good taste .
 Okay , if youre going to name an album that has inuendos about the male genitalia -LRB- or even the slang of a blatantly honest disposition -RRB- , make sure your music backs up the statement . Simple Plan is nothing more than a band that made it famous due to good timing.Over the years , Canada has popped out so many ... `` rock '' stars , that I 'm surprised most of America 's youth has n't seen through the hype.Anyway , one listen of the album shows that this CD has boy-band lyrics to barely exceptional guitar riffs . I 'm just curious to why thier first single `` I 'm Just a Kid '' was written by `` kids '' that are pushing 30 . `` I 'd Do Anything '' is an example of the boy-band lyrics to crappy guitar riffs . `` Addicted '' is the whiny-est song I 've ever heard . `` When I 'm With You '' probably sucked away the -LSB- anatomy -RSB- mentioned in the album 's title . Oh , how about they show everyone how ` Punk ' they are by making a song called `` God Must Hate Me '' -LRB- and I 'm sure he does -RRB- . I do n't recommend this album to anyone .
 Many analogies fly , comparing Simple Plan to actual musicians . Bands like this , although obviously imitating better bands like Green Day , should n't be mentioned in the same sentence let alone `` compared '' . Every time the music making department at Atlantic releases something like this , they may sell oodles of records , but they kill music a little more . I agree with that other guy . Go buy Nevermind . Music is an art , not a product . But that 's just my opinion .
 Terrible . Utter garbage . Rock is dying . It 's pathetic , talentless , high pitched people like this that are kicking rock to a pulp , without letting it up . If you want to kill music , buy this album . These guys HAVE no balls , so it 's no wonder why they do n't need pads and helmets . Every single song is the same , each one is as predictable as the last . Do your ears a favor and do not purchase this waste of paper and plastic .
 -LRB- i am actually 14 yrs old -RRB- My friend has this cd , and I asked her if I could borrow it . Worst thing I ever did . The singer is really whiney . I could see why he was an unpopular person ...
 i absulootly h @ wanabes they make me sick ! ppl think their punk if they buy th @ sh*t from hottopic and listen to simple plan and other sh*t ! it 's the same evrywhere , they listen 2 avril lavigne and call themselvs sk8er bois , or they dress in black and call themselvs gothic ! labels r 4 soup cans , and only some1 w/out a personality would just follow the crowd and buy whats popular ! i also h8 whiners and preps , there r so many people whining about how terrible their life is and so on , we do n't need to hear a grown man whining about their life , and pretending 2 b teenagers ! hotopic just supports all those people buying th @ cheesy sh*t , so while im complaning about simple plan and all th @ sh*t might as well tell the world what i think about hotopic !!!
 Ever since a certain Berkley trio unleashed the petulant lyric `` listen to me whine '' , there 's been no end of bands queuing up to unburden their litany of woes . Canuck five-piece Simple Plan are one such outfit , quick to illustrate that they too can moan about how life is so damn unfair , with a canon of songs so depressingly pedestrian you simply ca n't imagine just how difficult growing up must have been for them . `` No Pads , No Helmets ... Just Balls '' is an abominable listening experience , crammed full of soulessly crafted gems as turgid as `` The Worst Day Ever '' . Even contributions from Blink 182 's Mark Hoppus and Good Charlotte 's Joel Madden fail to prevent this record from sounding as if it 's scraped the last remnants from the pop-punk barrel .
 I respect people 's own opinions of what they like and do n't like . But seriously , folks , stop comparing this to blink 182 . I am so sick of blink being categorized with simple plan , good charlotte , and sum 41 . Blink 182 had to work through a lot of crap for 7 years before they finally got to make it this big . All these new bands did was cash in on other band 's success.I know that blink is not the most punk band out there , but they never reached this kind of a poppy mess . Every single song sounds the same . It sounds to me like they took All The Small Things -LRB- probably blink 's crappiest , poppiest song ever -RRB- , made it more poppy , and repeated that for 12 tracks.And I would n't be as mad if they would just be labelled differently . Even though blink 's 1999-2003 albums were mislabelled , they EARNED the punk label early in their career , back when they produced good NOFX and descendents style albums . Even then , they had a distinctive sound that set them apart from other bands of the time . That 's another thing that bothers me . All of these `` pop-punk '' bands now sound the same.If you want some good punk or pop-punk music , try blink 's stuff from 1992-1997 . Even better , get into the real punk bands like The Sex Pistols , The Descendents , Anti-Flag , and NOFX .
 Oh great , yet another band jumping on the `` We Sound Like Blink 182 '' bandwagon -LSB- and by no means am I defending Blink 182 , because they also suck . -RSB- . These guys have no redeeming qualities whatsoever . The songs are generic , the guitar playing is atrocious , and the singer can neither sing nor write lyrics . No Pads , No Helmets ... No Talent .
 no doubt i have joined the ranks of those who proclaim simple plan a skunk band than punk band ... at the age of 18 and my music tastes has since transitted to that of classic rockbands and obscure indie bands.when i was 14 -LRB- going through those lame-o transitions phrases -RRB- , simple plan was THE band and part of the `` punk '' revivial of the 2000s ... unfortunately they ARE pop in the facade appeal of punkrockers to appeal to the young disgruntled youths . . of let 's say . . age 8 to 15 . however , when i was 14 this cd meant everything and was especially relevant in the going-ons in life.songs like I 'm Just a Kid -LRB- yeah life is a nightmare , i 'm just a kid , yeah life 's not fair -RRB- has a Malcolm in the Middle tinge to it , sorta reminds you of the time when you thought snapping girl 's bra straps were cool and just cuz your mom did n't give you any pocket money , life ai n't fair.Songs like ; The Worst Day Ever and God Must Hate Me ; is perfect for those rainy friday nights when all your buddies are out with their new girlfriends at some ice-cream store and your at home watching HBO or playing computer games.My Alien is pure silly and reminds me of my terrier humping basically . . -LRB- 4 legs to wrap around ... she knows when something 's wrong ... -RRB- Perfect with its huge radioplay should also appeal to the young teens who all claim to be misunderstood.the album 's for pure fun really . for those parties where your friends are all mainstream and think classic rock is noise , for the middle line between not falling to britney/a1/westlife type pop ... compromise and go ` pop-skunk ' . like simple plan . i would n't even call them punk and the word punk is getting too heavy with every single newbies jumping on its bandwagon.otherwise . skip this album . you wo n't enjoy it and at the constantly broke age of 18 attempt to hide it below your dad 's bryan adams and metallica albums , hoping guests who come over do not spot it ... and dream about how you could spent the $ 16 from the simple plan cd wiser.cuz that 's what i do .
 This is pure pop , unlike Blink-182 or Good Charlotte -LRB- who are pop-rock -RRB- . I mean just look at Simple Plan ; their everywhere a pop band would be - in Snickers contests , playing concerts in Disneyworld , lending songs to Disney soundtracks and little kids movies , appearing in a Mary Kate & Ashley movie , I mean come on . The songs are poorly written and their always about either A. not wanting to grow up or B. girls . Guitar ? Fugghataboutit ! Theres only one solo/break on this album and its in Addicted . The drums are okay , but the bass is pretty bad I can barely hear it . Yeah they are fun to listen to , and there are definetly much worse bands out there , but they just seem to generic and they seem like their riding off the success of other bands .
 A low down on this CDTrack 1 , school sucks , whine whine whineTrack 2 , school sucks , my parents hate me , whine whine whineTrack 3 , school sucks , my parents hate me , I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool , whine whine whineTrack 4 , school sucks , my parents hate me , I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool , I ca n't get a date , Whine Whine WhineTrack 5 , school sucks , my parents hate me , I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool , I ca n't get a date , I sound like a whiny broken record , whine whine whineTrack 6 , school sucks , my parents hate me , I am uncool even though I am in the style that is classified as cool , I ca n't get a date , I sound like a whiny broken record , whine whine whineYou get the picture .
 Let 's get one thing straight
 As far as I 'm concerned , these guys are just like Good Charlotte . Completely untalented . I 've heard this before . Their songs get old fast . Perfect annoys me . It 's just a bunch of whining . I 'm Just A Kid is more of the same . God , no more of this .
 Well these guys are not neccesarily good , they are just simple . Lets see , a melody here , a catchy little line here , and all the kids are GON NA BUY IT ! Listen , do n't buy this album , its simple , this band is not creative , they dont make interesting music . If you want a good punk album , buy the new NOFX album `` War On Errorism '' or their classic `` The Decline '' . They are MUCH better albums . Please I urge you to not waste your money on this cd , its not worth the buy , alright ? You 'd be amused longer with a stick and a rock than with `` No Pads , No Helmets ... Just Balls ''
 You know it 's a sad day for punk rock when 12 year old preppy girls flock to the NFG simple plan concerts . Why does punk rock suck so bad now ? This cd is the epitomy of -LSB- bad -RSB- punk rock . If you want to listen to good punk/emo go buy Les Savy Fav ...
 This album shows no creative effort . It obviously was made to please 12 year old teeny boppers , so little girls with braces can scream at them when they are on MTV . The lyrics sound like something a 5th grader wrote . What makes albums like this even worse , is that they get labeled as `` punk or emo . '' This album is not punk or emo , it is pop . While there is nothing wrong with pop music , there is something wrong with manufactured music . There is nothing wrong with `` pop-punk '' music . Bands like New Found Glory and The Starting Line have put out some very catchy albums . The difference between those artists and Simple Plan is that Simple Plan put absolutely no emotion or art into their music ; the whole album is very generic . If you are not 12 years old , you have no business listening to this album . If you are over 12 , and you like it , then you obviously have no respect for music .
 ok ... i am not going to call these guys `` not punk '' or whatever , because personally , all that noise from bad religion , rancid , ramones ... just sucks to me.i will say , however , that i would take those bands any day over these whiny little kids . what IS this world coming to ? when i see music videos like this with the teeny-bopper band jumping up and down on the roof it makes me want to throw up . this is just pure garbage ... no musical talent , no lyrical talent . ugh . at least bad religion , rancid , and the ramones could WRITE and PLAY music !
 Please . I bet these guys listened to H2O nonstop and made a band just totally ripping 'em . If you want to hear a good non-sellout band that does music like Simple Plan , that started before there ever was a Simple Plan and everyone copied them , find yourself an H2O album .
 I dont know why I 'm wasting time posting this but incase you dident know , this is by far the most annoying band ever.Piriod.The whole punk pop scene is overcrowded and it boggels my mind why these guys get more airplay than any of the others .
 Wannabes . There lyrics are good , but ... THERE F'ing RETARDED . If they want to be emo , they dont f ` ing be shallow . I mean look at there cover . They like , want to be cool or something . Retards .
 Instead of focusing on the genre , or the genre it is n't , let 's focus on the integrity of the music itself.I was first introduced to this group through the song `` I 'd Do Anything '' . I then heard `` Addicted '' and `` I 'm Just a Kid '' , and assumed this album would be promising . Sadly , it is n't any different then from the typical pop-punk groups out there . There simply is no originality in the music with the same riffs used over and over . The messages found in the lyrics are beaten to death with a nailbat which only helps to drive this album six feet under and then some . Many people seem to like this group the same reason they like New Found Glory or Good Charlotte
 Hmm when I hear the two words Simple Plan it makes me wan na runaway as fast as I can because I ca n't stand this band ! Now to be fair I have listened to this album and their new one ... well most of it before I tuned it off and played good music like Iron Maiden and Metallica . I just do n't get these guys I mean it 's ok if your a young 12-13 year old kid but really why would any band want this to be thier fan base ? The answer is thats what is `` kool '' now . So I guess that playing 3 power chourds and singing about teen problems when your well over 20 is now kool . Pffft give me a break what ever happened to good old bands like Metallica and Slayer who did n't care what was kool at the time they just made thier music and if people did n't like it they did n't care because they could reach out to any age group and pick up fans.Anyways lets get straight to this album . The whole album sounds the same . There thats about it songs like god must hate me and addicted are all about the same stuff so why buy.If you are a 12-13 year old kid who is just starting to experiance some of the hardships that most tenns go through by all means pick this up because I guess it will have some use for like 2 years until you learn to cope with beeing a teen . Other than this nobody else should pick up this album it 's all the same , bland and there is no though put into it !
 If you 're fans are 90 % females and teeny boppers , you 're music is n't that good . It just means that you have a lot of groupies and little kids , who feel sorry for their selves just as much as you do , listening to you ... Do n't be fooled !
 I 'm terribly sorry with all my heart , these guys are anything but punk . When I saw the video for ` Perfect ' it was clear to me that their main audience target was 11 - 13 year old poseur girls who think that dying their hair and showing up a minute late to class makes them bad . I hate people like that , especially the ones who provoke them ... like Simple Plan for example . These guys target poseur girls and feminine g@y boys because those are the only people that they can relate to . This is one of the biggest disgraces that I have ever had the misfortune to listen too.I 'm sure five billion more people can relate to me than not and those who cant relate are either A. POSEURS !! , B. Fake rebels , trying to get attention and fail miserably , or C. MTV obsessors , if you are either you really need your head examined . Maybe its because I 'm a metalhead ... wait no its not because I really like some nonmetal bands like Nirvana , Green Day , Sex Pistols , Ramones and more ... in fact Nirvana is my favorite band -LRB- yes I am a metalhead -RRB- . This album is an utter disaster.Caution
 this is the worse stuff i have ever heard as i can see i refer to it is stuff not `` music '' thus because it is not `` music '' . please if you like this stuff , go kill yourself.Plz send me hate mail bitchs
 It 's sad to see kids listen to this crap not knowing about great rock bands like Nirvana , Led Zeppelin , Pearl Jam , The Beatles , and Metallica . But I can understand why , MTV forces these bands into their shows and little middle schoolers see it and think its cool and listen to it and love it . Its not their fault they listen to this junk , I listened to Blink 182 Enema of the State and actually thought it was one of the greatest CDs of all time . Yeah ill admit this kind of music is catchy but if you really heard other bands that could rock then this starts to sound terrible . Im not bashing Simple Plan because they sound good enough to be popular but I 'm just saying theres music that makes this seem like total crap .
 I 'm actually surprsed that they would call themselves Simple Plan , it seems like their main goal is to seem more complex than they really are . Unfortunately they suck at life and we get this . It truly seems like these guys turned on the radio one day and thought they could achieve sucess by imitating the pop-punk already choking the airwaves . They started with some emo , then added way too many pop hooks , thus taking away the emotional aspect of the emo , as well as the `` punk '' aspect they were going for . They had screwed things up enough at this point and released their poorly titled album . Thus , Simple Plan was born .
 During the last couple of months , I heard of this French-Canadian group called Simple Plan that has been , over the last decade , very successful in the music industry . Wondering what the fuss was all about , and after seeing a couple of their video clips and promotion spots on YouTube , I decided to listen to their first CD , entitled `` No Pads , No Helmets , Just Balls '' , even though the CD cover did n't impress me . Indeed , it sort of made the group selfish and extremely immature as you see them acting like teenagers partying all the time and making a mess out of some hotel suite . Of course , one must not judge a book by its cover , but still , the cover gave me pretty good hints to the contents of this album , especially in the lyrics which revolve around three main topics
 so i should go into depth on this . many of those `` hated this cd '' reviews are longwinded crap themselves , so i 'm gon na try to make this interesting to you , my eleven year old trying to break away from his parents friend.now many of these dudes on here bash greenday , but i like them . theyre good . they came out with dookie , and now they 've matured big deal . simple plan will never mature , they 'll die thirteen and bitching . blink 182 i dont like . but they still at least try to grasp fans over 12 with there greedy paws.simple plan is good and dandy and fun if youve had a brain anurism . they wan na b punk , and give them a pat on the head and the finger for their troubles.good luck .
 I had to slap this kid at school who was talking about this band wearing his abercrombie t-shirt . He was saying how awesome this band was , he was saying it was the best punk band . I listned to it and had to pour sulfuric acid on them before they would function properly , if you want to hear actual punk listen to NoFX , Ramones , Misfits , The Clash , AFI , Green Day , Anti-Flag , or Sex Pistols .
 To start off , the only reason I purchased this cd was because the song I 'm Just A Kid was on the new guy soundtrack and i love that movie . So i thought that i 'd try this cd out just to give them a try . That was a BIG mistake . These guys consider themselves punk !?!? IN THEIR DREAMS . The singer , Pierre , sounds like he has n't gone throught puberty !!! So overall I think I like the cover more than anything else on this cd !
 Yeah , I saw these guys Summer 2002 when I went to the Green Day/Blink -182 / Jimmy Eat World concert . I had never heard of them before so I figured I would watch them . They put on a pretty boring show . My friend burned me their CD and I have got to say I think this is the worst CD I have . The vocals are really whiney , simple guitar riffs , and the lyrics ... oh my god . They are absolutely terrible . Did the lead singer write these when he was 12 ? Former BSB and N'Sync fans , now that that trend has passed ... here you go . Just remember , no matter how hard you try or how hard the band thinks they are , this is NOT PUNK ... this is NOT EVEN POP-PUNK . This is borderline boy-band genre .
 The same rehashed Pop/Punk thats been used over and over again . Flavor of the week guaranteed . Let them have their moment in the sun . Let the little kiddies call themselves `` punk '' . Let them have a taste of the rock star life style , but in a year they will be forgotten . This is what happened to Blink 182 , and Sum 41 was really big for a while , but they 're losing it already . Now , it 's New Found Glory -LRB- who are starting to lose it -RRB- , Good Charlotte , and this unholy drivel known as Simple Plan . This pop/punk thing will be over ... give it a year or two . THERE IS STILL HOPE FOR GOOD MUSIC !
 Yeah I think this album has only a few good songs . Like the first track `` I 'd do anything '' -LRB- featuring the great Mark Hoppus -RRB- and `` I 'm just a kid '' . Those are my favorite songs . The rest of the album is ok but it 's way to poppy and It gets so boring after a while . I mean I like pop/punk and all but this is like really POP with some punk influence . But do n't get me wrong they kickass live . After a few listens to it the cover and booklet photos are the only interesting thing . Well if you like a poppier version if Blink 182 , give it a listen .
 This CD is really bad -LRB- not the good way -RRB- . If anyone thinks they are punk then why are they on Nickelodeon !? Their songs are pointless . The lead singer sounds like he is suckin healium . Lyrics are very stupid . On the cover your seein a image that you would see from pop-punkers Blink 182 -LRB- who can actually sing -RRB- but no you get this Simple Plan crap . Save your money to buy some gas after work it will last longer im sure .
 Simple PLan has managed to be the most bubble gum pop ever why because once bubble gum looses its flavor it tastes like crap and that whats going to happen to this band they will loose the flavor eventually and fade away and be bums ... They should learn to get fans that know how to wipe there own ass if you like so called `` pop punk '' and you like 12yr old boys and girls and like A cup boobies then by all means by this album ok buh -- bye
 Awful . Terrible . Preppy . Not punk , not rock . Hey , these guys do n't even deserve to be called pop . It 's that bad . Every single person that says this is the `` greatest band ever '' has obviously never heard Nirvana , The Beatles or the Foo Fighters . Every single song sounds just like the one before it and is terrible . Do not buy this album ! You are only fueling the mainstream pop monster ! We must destroy it before it takes over ! Do yourself , and music , a favor and buy Nevermind by Nirvana , any Beatles album , or any Foo Fighters album . But do not buy this trash . There is only one thing an album like this is good for . FIRE STARTER !!
 This has got to be the worst attempt at musicianship I have ever seen ! All these -LRB- ... -RRB- do is whine about how their life is `` such a nightmare '' and how `` god must hate them '' . They just write whiny songs like these so pre-teens and little kids can feel sorry for them and hopefully buy their CDs . This CD is not pop-punk or pop-rock it is just straight up commerialized POP for all the woe-is-me hottopic posuers .
 I doubt there is a worse and more harmful band than this one . Creed sucks , they are terrible and the worst band ever , but they just do n't suck like Simple Plan . I love seeing how people think these guys are great , orginal and `` punk '' . Wow , punk . I did n't know punk rock was about writting crappy radio songs with sappy lyrics that would even make Walt Disney cringe . I did n't know that punk was supposed to be clean and safe . Man I 've never seen anything masqaurading as rock and roll be this safe . Parents would love this music it 's safe it does n't swear and it 's punk rock ! No they would not love this , they would be annoyed by this . If you listen to this and think your punk rock , than you need to get your head checked . I do n't like to discount people who listen to a said form of music , whatever you like is fine but when it comes to claiming safe music that makes even the Backstreet Boys look hardcore is punk rock that is where I draw the line . So boys and girls , take a look at this . Look at the cover , look at the singer look at the band . The packaging just leaks of suck . The music leaks of suck . I guess the plan was simple enough
 I 've read some of these reviews absolutley cutting Simple Plan apart , and I mean , that 's going a bit far . Ok , so they 're pretty poppy , but the world ca n't just be full of groups like Hoobastank and AFI.As the songs go ... well ... you know . To be honest , I do n't really know . They 're not absolutley awful and yet they 're not absolutley brilliant . They 're just sort of nothing.But if you want to get into sort of punky music , I guess this is a good place to start . It 's pretty soft and will ease you in . While I 'm not ripping Simple Plan apart , I 'm not praising them either . Just , before you judge , have a listen to this album .
 I understand the catchiness of music like this . But what 's with all this `` it relates to what teens are going through '' bullcrap ? '' If this music is so catchy and upbeat , why would you want to hear about some kid who is mad at his parents ? The music does n't fit with the lyrical content . To any teenagers who are full of rage and angst and want to relate so something musically , I recommend alternative bands of the 90 's like the Smashing Pumpkins . Billy Corgan showed true emotion through his music , and i think many teens can seriously relate to him , and not this fabricated , spiky-haired garbage that has taken over popular music ... no , not rock . Rock is dead .
 Well ... This album is pretty bad , what makes me even more sick is the fact that these guys are capable of so much more . For anyone who 's thinking what the hell is this guy talking about , Im here to inform you that before simple plan was formed there was a band called RESET made up from the majority of simple plan . Now reset was a real band , the music was punk but with a metal edge , and the lyrics actually had meaning , not ooooohhh i want to be perfect . So anyone reading this do yourself a huge favour and track down some of reset 's music on the net . My fav songs are `` let me go '' and `` united we stand tall ' .
 In the vast ocean of repugnant pop rock bands featuring pre-pubescent singers , whining about non-existent love lives over music consisting usually of two or three power chords repeated ad nauseam , Simple Plan is the big ugly whale eating up all the program time on TRL and all the space on the Hot Topic shelves.Honestly , words can not describe the putrid garbage that is this album . Hell , it 's not even original . It merely dumbs down -LRB- as if that were possible -RRB- the schlock of Green Day and Blink-182 , aiming toward an even less intelligent and mature fan base . All of you `` punk rawkers , '' I hope , will eventually grow out of this phase , graduate from middle school , and listen to real music .
 compare the cover art and sounds to Mest 's `` wasting time ''
 College Kid -LRB- 20 yrs old -RRB- Sorry , do n't have passwordWill somebody tell me why this band is still in existence ? I mean c'mon is this what people call music ? This crap is n't even close , all it is is a bunch of whiny men -LRB- I use that term very losely -RRB- complaining about how much their lives sucked in high school . Let me tell you somethin' a ** holes , there are a lot of kids today who 've had to go through more pain than you could ever dream of going through . I had a very happy childhood , so this is n't about my personal life . I know kids that have dealt with horrible things , yet have come out stronger and better and still do n't complain . It makes me sick to think that people actually feel sorry for these gutless losers . I wonder if Pierre 's parents forgot to circumcise him , maybe that 's why he sounds sexually frustrated.Seriously , how can anybody like these losers . Here 's the lyrics to one of their songs : I 'm just a kidmy life is a nightmarenobody cares tonight -LRB- AW , poor baby , do you want your mommy now , jackass -RRB- And I do n't give a s ** t if these lyrics are n't correct to all you adolescent peabrains who reviewed before . I am fed up with babies like these imbeciles getting attention for their `` traumatic childhoods '' when there are kids constantly being abused , thrown around from home to home , and treated like animals every day . You think because a pretty girl did n't want to go out with you was so traumatic , you 're entitled to everyone 's sympathy . Here 's my advice
 I 've been waiting and waiting for this enhanced version to come out ! I just could n't get enought of these fake punks playing bar chords and whining about everyday problems . I can tell this album is a lyrical genious just by looking at the title of # 9 . `` God Must Hate Me '' has got to be the deepest most influencial song eva written . No I take that back , Perfect is . I 'm also going for the writty title , No Pads , No Helmets ... Just Balls . Now I 'll bet that Slayer could have never thought of that . Of course not . Slayer comes up with lame names like `` South of Heaven '' and `` Haunting the Chapel '' . Anyways , buy this album if you want a new drink coaster . This album sucks so bad that I know Good Charlotte fans that look down on this . Now that is sad.Do me a favor if you own this album/like this type of music . Please do not make any contact with me if you value your miserable soul .
 Ok , Simple Plan , is simply do n't buy it . They may play their own instruments , but that does n't mean they are great . Their album names are lame and not creative at all . it sucks , really . there are so many other bands out there to listen too . i do n't seem enthralled with this band , i do n't think they have much to work with . also they play on TRL so much , which is not such a acomplishment . They are n't really that ` punk-rock ' . . come on . with those dumb titles ?! really , get serious . real punk rockers would puke all over this . they 'd be ashamed . if you like them , well you do , but i sure do n't . check out other bands , and maybe you 'll find this CD , eventually . . getting to the back of that shelf of yours .
 2 Stars if i hate it this much?Well the reason being that `` Perfect is a good song.But the rest is very deluded and dull.Angst is better left to people who can actually sing like Avril.I 'm sick of these punk-prodigys to Green Day.Blink is alright but the rest are hopelessly s. . . Do n't fall for this useless garbage .
 This is one of THE most annoying abnds I have ever heard ... in fact , it may truly be the worst I have ever heard . `` Addicted '' is horrible , the lead singer has the worst , most whiny voice I have ever heard . Even Good Charlotte can write better songs than them , and I hate Good Charlotte.I do n't know what else to say except I f*cking hate this band .
 SIMPLE PLAN AND GOOD CHARLETTE BRING THE MOSHxTHEY ARE THE ROCK!BUY THIS CD !! NO PADS , NO HELMETS , JUST BALLS . TEEHEEEHEEEHEEEHE ROCK MOSH DEATH MOSHIM SO PUNK !
 these guys are the worst ever dont waste your money on this worthless cd
 I like a lot of music ... rap , punk etc. . I heard the song addicted and thought it was okay . . then my cousin bought me this cd . At first I thought it would be ok ... but after listening to it all ... ugh ! The songs are all pretty much the same ... 11 and 12 year-old girls will be the only ones liking this cd . The only song worth this album is God must hate me . . and even that is not too good either . If u really like one song do n't get the cd ! burn it . So , Simple Plan is a waste of money except for 1 ok song .
 Every time I hear simple plan it makes me want to vomit . They have to be the worst band ever . Their songs are stupid and sound just like every other pop-punk band . Not original at all . Overall this album is a -100,000 . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE !
 This album is the prime example of what really bad pop is capable of . Now , I 'm not bashing Simple Plan because it 's Pop . There is some catchy pop that I do n't mind . And I 'm not gon na bash 'em for trying to be punk , though they are not , and if you think they are , you know NOTHING.Let 's just focus on the music : Lyrics
 And people STILL buy into it . And they make it obvious too . One look at their new video shows that all they 're trying to do is make wimpy sensitive lyrics to make girls love them with catchy poppy tunes . And once again , why is this still being classified as punk ?? It is n't . I call it pop with distorted guitars at best . This is another one we can let the TRL posers who think they 're punk to pick up .
 Please , someone tell me they 're kidding me !!! I 'm begging you !!! The song `` Perfect '' is the absolute most vile piece of bile my unfortunate ears have ever been subjected to . This rubbish makes Blink 182 sound like Mozart !! Listen up you little kiddies
 Oh gee , this is so original . Let 's write some songs about loneliness and depression and try to sound important and accessible to ... -LSB- TV -RSB- . Only let 's water it down with horrendous lyrics and laughable lines like , `` I 'm just a kid , and life is a nightmare , everyone 's having more fun than me '' , blah . Go listen to some real punk ...
 ... but come on . Just look at the cover and the title , and remember that horrendous song MTV and the radio would play , the one that goes `` I 'm Just A Kiiiiddddd '' . Now laugh hysterically like I 'm doing right now .
 This album sucks . All it is people bitchin and moaning about their girlfreinds . Anyone who calls this album punk is an idoit . I 'm tired of hearing punk-pop posers on the damen radio and mtv .
 ... P > Simple Plan is doing nothing new . That is not their crime . Simple Plan simply wrote another Blink 182 CD . They happen to have the good fortune of MTV needing a band that sounds like blink ; looks like blink and tastes like blink to satisfy the thirst for Blink 182 while there is no Blink 182 . MTV will sell kids millions of CD 's to a nation of ... kids.Simple Plan is simply Blink 180 .
 if a person puts this CD on and listens to it while playing pool or something along those lines , he will hardly notice a change from song to song . the songs sound too much the same from one to the next . blame that on lack of musical talent - the band cant play anything else . i guess thats about all that should be expected from a first release , but dont buy it . download 2 or 3 songs and it might as well be the whole CD .
 I am a classical music lover.From view of the classical music fan , I think that present jazz is sluggish . I think I have a glimpse of the cause and reason for the depression of jazz music today through `` Chick Corea - Return to Forever '' . In the classical music field , Pierre Boulez appeared in Bayreuth in 1976 , `` Der Ring des Nibelungen '' was conducted by him for five years , and Bayreuth was reformed . He practiced his insistence `` The enemy of the classical music is a mannerism '' and denied the past.After that the classical music , that was sluggish , became interesting . The classical music comes to be familiar and now even a manga , of which heroine is a piano student at an academy of classical music , gets a hit in Japan -LRB- Nodame Cantabile -RRB- . So it has become easy to be familiar with the classical music even to people who usually do not listen to music -LRB- in the 1970 's , it was impossible . -RRB- . The Mahler boom occurred because of the appearance of CD -LRB- compact disc -RRB- . We became to be able to get the CDs cheaply to obtain a large amount of masterpieces of the classical music . That is , the development of media made rather old music energetic . Digital recording improved the reproducibility of the classical music , and DVD made the opera familiar . SACD made listener 's ear discriminating , so that the listeners of classical music came to request higher performance to the players.What has jazz done for these thirty years?I am a John Coltrane 's fan . I can find the meaning and value that he in fact denied jazz . However , the meaning and value can not be found from `` Return to Forever '' . After all I think that `` Return to Forever '' has neither broken the mannerism nor denied the past.What is the difference of `` Return to Forever '' from the music that progressive rock band made in the 1970 's ? And what kind of progress -LRB- that ca n't be found in punk rock and new wave -RRB- can be found in listening to `` Return to Forever '' ? Percussions and CHICK COREA 's electric piano find Santana.JOE FARRELL 's woodwinds remind King Crimson.Lyrics make no sense .01 Return to Forever beats like `` Tarkus '' of Emerson Lake & Palmer . FLORA PURIM shouts like YOKO ONO .03 What Game Shall We Play Today is not at all other than pop music either .04 Sometime Ago - La Fiesta STAN CLARK 's wood bass solo has no power . He should learn Jimmy Garrison .
 Everything I 've heard from Jeff Healey up til now has been phenomenal but THIS ... This is not Jeff Healey , this is Frank Sinatra or some type of ragtime swill from the twenties . In fact , much of it sounds like an old time cartoon soundtrack . Like when Bluto grabs Olive Oyl and makes her dance with him.I understand the title now , `` Among Friends . '' Because only a friend would buy this .
 Un gran cantautor chileno -LRB- a great Chilean singer-songwriter -RRB- ... su primer disco -LRB- his first Record -RRB- ... Un disco recomendable ampliamente -LRB- A Record which is Highly recommended -RRB- ...
 With Asie Payton dead the folks at Fat Possum have scraped the bottom of the barrel of tapes to make this cd . It sounds like demos , out takes , rejected songs or practice sessions from different times some solo some with different backings . Im a big fan of Fat Possums style but this is the worst bunch of crap they have ever released .
 What Fat possum did to this album really blows !! Tracks like `` I got a friend '' start out with a nice southern delta blues sound and then out of nowhere it turns into porn music . The audio effects and computerized editing really messed up the original sound of Asie Payton .
 Try the Felix Mendelshon CD which is much better than this . There are a few decent tracks on this CD , but overall , the songs sound old , scratchy , and superannuated . Might not be a good buy unless you 're into really old , authentic hawaiian songs -LRB- original recordings too -RRB- .
 i love listening to roy play . one of my favorite things is to hear and see him live . w. any musician , in any setting . but this release just sucks.nothing novel here . lame lyrics.yeah , first track is alright , but the whole thing pisses me off b/c he can , and does , put out such better quality music when he plays live . i expect so much more of roy .
 ... AND IM HAPPY ABOUT IT!i think i might cry if 'n it shows up again . fareals.if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e ` en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one.i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now ... ... um , hope that came out right . * pimp struts off stage/pounds chest with gorilla fist/machismo free flowing * m ` out yall , peace !
 I think Amazon should list the songs and artist are on this cd . This is no information about it . How can it be rated
 Wow , I 'm extremely disappointed with this CD . I 've heard a few of his songs on satellite radio which made me want to purchase an album of his . I had no idea when he named the album Naked Guitar , that it would literally consist of music from a guitar and nothing else . I found the album to be extremely boring.The only song I like on the album is Angelina which is pretty nice . But because the album lacks enthusiasm due to a lack of instruments , I do n't recommend buying this one.I should have gotten one of his greatest hits albums like I had initially planned but b/c of this album , I may not , instead , I 'm thinking of getting an album by Rachelle Ferrell , her voice is just amazing .
 I was n't really into this album or the guy 's singing .
 Dont believe some of the reviews you read . I bought this because I read a couple of reviews . No offence to this blue audio guy hes probably a nice guy . This was the worst album Ive ever bought . Lets not lump everything with keyboards into the same genre as depeche omd Iris de/vision please .
 We enjoy ` Fire ' and ` Senor Smoke , ' immensely , and were really looking forward to ` Switzerland . ' Found the album a disappointment , for it has n't the verve , vim nor vigour of its predecessors . Felt like we wasted our money buying it on faith ; could almost hear E6 saying -LRB- &agrave; la Laurie Anderson -RRB-
 `` Switzerland '' lost the hooks and rock and roll swagger of Electric Six 's previous two albums and replaced it with a blend of styles . Unfortunately , attempts at humor seem to overtake the experimentation , making the album sound like a joke that 's not all that funny . `` I Buy the Drugs '' is still quite catchy and is a preview of good things to come on future releases , and `` Pulling the Plug on the Party '' could have been right at home on `` Senor Smoke '' . `` Night Vision '' is another standout , but still pales in comparison to some of E6 's better music . Outside of those three , I ca n't recommend too much here .
 I bought one of these thingys for around $ 60 which seemed fair for a snoopy movie but it wo n't even fit in my DVD player ! At first glance , the huge rectangular piece of plastic looked too big for the slot , but at $ 60 I was determined to make it work . But no matter how hard I pressed , it would n't go in . Then I noticed , looking through the window that this kind of DVD comes all wound up on a little spool inside the rectangle . Took me a while to figure out the spring-loaded door but I managed to pull out some of this `` DVD tape '' and feed it into my DVD player . Still no picture . Now the seller wo n't take it back because it 's `` damaged '' . Well who 's gon na fix the damage to my DVD player ? Huh ? Never buying from those crooks again !
 This video is handicapped by the fact that there is little real-life fire truck action . Bulldozers and trains can be filmed while they are serving their true purpose , but here real firefighting is absent . Instead we are treated to practice fighting against a weak fire in a bland concrete structure -LRB- give us a destructive blaze , for crying out loud ! -RRB- , demonstrations of hoses , long lectures on equipment , serious-faced safety warnings , and various data , like how long the hoses are and how many gallons of water can be sprayed per minute . To spice it up , Dave treats us to high-tech video tricks like having the firemen go backward up the pole and slide , Wow!This production feels more like a 3rd grade field trip to the local station , captured on video by the student teacher . My kids found other things to do about halfway through .
 My 2-year-old adores fire trucks , and I bought this video on the strength of the reviews posted here . It is a sore disappointment . Most of the video is of Fireman Dave talking , walking , showing off ; way too many interviews with firefighters ; there 's little video of the fire trucks themselves , and virtually none of the trucks fighting fires . For a kid who loves fire trucks , and wants to see fire trucks , this is not a great video . I do n't recommend it .
 I had High hopes for this video based on the reviews i read . 10 years ago it might have been an OK video by today 's standards it does n't compete . The Video quality is bad the material and the look is dated . This video should be called what fire trucks use to look like . Save your money till a newer one comes along .
 I did not enjoy this video and neither did my two year old son . He is a huge fan of trucks and construction videos and will sit through just about anything . This series , however , bored both of us . He actually asked me to turn it off ! I think there is too much of Dave goofing around and not enough serious truck action . We had the one that was the Fire Truck , Space Shuttle and something else on the video . We did n't even get to the last segment . I could n't recommend any of the videos in the `` There Goes a. . . '' series .
 Very little of `` Dave '' in this one , however the fire fighters describing the trucks forgot this is video is for very young children . For example a fire fighter , when speaking about where drinks on the truck , says they need to drink when they get `` dehydrated '' . What person under 6 knows what that means ? He should , of course , use the word `` thirsty '' . The problem is that this movie left it into the hands of the professional fire fighters to describe the trucks and equipment . These guys may be great fire fighters , but when they start throwing about terms like `` dehydration '' and spouting nozzle sprays specifications , and various ladder heights my 2 year old , who just loves fire trucks starts staring at me -LRB- not the TV -RRB- . This video would be perfect for adults who want to learn the very basics about fire trucks and fire fighting.However , we just bought it , and only saw it once . I 've yet to find out if he wants to see it again but I 'm sure he will . It does have some good fire truck action sceens .
 I had High hopes for this video based on the reviews I read . 10 years ago it might have been an OK video but by today 's standards it does n't compete . The Video quality is bad and looks like it was shoot with home video camera , the material and the look is dated . This video should be called what fire trucks use to look like . Save your money till a newer one comes along .
