 We purchased this changing table from our gift registry using the cash and gift cards that we received at our shower . My husband had it put together in no time . It is very sturdy and carries the Jenny Lind pattern . In addition , we purchased the white wicker shelf baskets with blue ginham liners . This changing table holds alot of baby care products We would highly recommend this table for your nursery .
 I do n't know what everyone else is doing with it , but I 've had no problems with it falling apart . It was not difficult to assemble but you did need two sets of hands . I store all our diaper-changing items on the top shelf in baskets , and then diaper bags go on the bottom shelf . The only complaint I would have is that the changing pad is yellowing in strange spots -LRB- nothing to do with where it is used most -RRB- .
 The changing table is very spacey for all your changing needs and very reasonably priced.This changing table is very useful . The Jenny Lind Dressing Table is a great gift for a baby shower . I truly love mine .
 I was going to get the `` spindle '' changing table from POttery Barn Kids but found this one , at about 1/3rd of the price . This one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area . . i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover . i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time . this changing table looks good in her room , i also bought the Jenny Lind crib . i did get the baskets from PBK to store stuff neatly on the shelves . The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard , but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i 've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont notice .
 I have the whole Jenny Lind set for my twin boys -LRB- two cribs , this changing table , and the dresser -RRB- and absolutely love it . This table was a bit hard to put together - it took a lot longer than it probably should 've - but other than that it has been great . My boys are almost a year now and we have had no problems at all with its durability . Obviously , with double diaper changes , we use it a lot . I love everything about it .
 I would like for everyone to know that I absolutely love this changing table . It was super easy for me to put together and looks wonderful ! Very sturdy . Price is also great ! I 'm able to put plenty of things underneath in baskets.I would recommended this table to anyone .
 This changing table is great for the price . It 's very sturdy and was easy to put together . I love the fact that it came with a changing pad and strap feature . I had to return the other pad I had gotten , and saved 20 dollars ! The only complaint I had was that the top back rail I had to put in was not measured properly . The hole part was either too small or the part it was supposed to be attached to was too big . Anyways it cracked a little when I tried to attach it . I ended up grinding the part that goes in the hole to make it fit and the crack is not too noticeable . Again be careful when you put it together , since it seems to want to crack easily when you have to put the screws in for the metal bars that add the support for each shelf . Other than that , I love it . Very cute and economical .
 I love this changing table so much ! I did n't want to spend a ton of money on something that was n't going to grow with my child , so we bought this item . I was very surprised to find how sturdy it is-I 'm now using it for my third child & it still looks good . Also , there is loads of storage room on the 2 shelves . A great buy !
 I 'm so glad I bought this . I use it everyday . For diaper changes & changing clothes . My daughter is almost 9 months & I still use everyday . It 's very sturdy & so great -LRB- ... -RRB- . I plan on using it until my last baby is out of diapers & then we 'll use it for a bookcase .
 ... it can go on and off the stroller in case the baby or toddler who just keeps knocking it off . It 's perfect for on the go moms or dads who do n't want to stop every five minutes to reach their child a cup or bottle because the child can get it themselves .
 Perfect for small dogs -LRB- ours
 We bought this gate to keep our Scottie from getting downstairs by himself in our house . The safety label on the gate says it should n't be used at the top of stairs , which is good advise if you have small children in your home -LRB- we do n't anymore -RRB- , but it works well for us .
 This gate is easy to put together , easy to pick up & move , but once you put it down , the rubber on the bottom keeps it from being pushed by my bichons.Keeps the puppy in the kitchen at night , and during the day lets the cats go down to the basement while keeping dogs from falling down basement stairs!Great for small dogs , not meant for toddlers !
 The fact that this is a free standing gate makes it very versatile . I purchased both the small and the large so I can move them around and use them in different areas . The height is perfect for small dogs , especially when placed on areas without carpeting -LRB- they ca n't launch off of hardwood floors easily -RRB- . The height also makes them easy to step over . I always get positive comments about the appearance when guests visit . They look like furniture .
 We have a new Chihuahua puppy and this gate is great It looks great and is very functional and easy to set up and use . Keeps the puppy in and allows you to easaly step over it . I would highly recomend it .
 This works great ; is easy to step over , and is attractive enough to be at the top of a stairway in our front hall . Also our cat can easily jump over it to get to his litterbox downstairs . Our house is mission style so this fits in nicely . I know you 're not supposed to use it at the top of a stairway but I had to have something that was freestanding . Our stair has nothing to attach another type of dog/baby gate to without causing damage to the wall . My neighbor had one of these and when I saw it , I knew my search was over . Easy to put together , good construction , looks great . The lower height works since our dogs are not jumpers .
 I love these gates . They are both sturdy and very attractive . Gating off some of the problem areas in our house is really helping us housebreak our new puppy .
 This gate is amazing . After suffering through gates that destroyed my walls , this free-standing gate is what the doctor ordered . Easy to assemble and no need to move it , because you can just step over the gate . Plus , you can assemble it a little less wide than you need and your cat can get through to his food bowl , but the dog ca n't . Great product !
 I have several for different uses with my dogs and yes cats . The last 2 were to help keep a kitten away from a parrot cage . The adjustable length makes it easy to fit in nonstandard hallways , doorway and to block things off . I recomend this gate either size . It is so easy to step over but sure stops small dogs from stepping into trouble .
 I have experience with this brand and knew the quality would be exceptional . I was not disappointed . It is a strong and well made gate . I was worried that my jumpers would cruise right over this gate , but so far so good . I have the gate blocking a hallway , and it is easy for a short person like me to step over . It has several settings , and once you lock in the size you want , the gate stays at that setting until you break out the screwdriver and adjust the setting . I wanted a gate that could stand alone and not scuff up the doorway or attach itself to the door jam . This is the gate for that .
 This is a beautiful , furniture quality gate . It is solidly made . Assembly is easy . It is a height that is easy to step over , so you do n't have to move it every time . It is lightweight to move , yet stable , and easy to move from place to place . Changing the width does require unscrewing and repositioning the overlapping ends , then replacing the screws.As to this gate 's ability to restrain your dog , it will depend on your dog 's personality . Our pug never tried to jump it or push it aside , as a puppy or a 20-pound adult . Our new Yorkie puppy , on the other hand , was either worming her way around it or climbing/jumping it after 3 days , when she weighed four pounds .
 I could not be more pleased with this doggie gate . I never have liked the look of putting up some plastic or cheap wooden gate in my home . This gate was perfect , it adjusted very easily and is very sturdy . I am very impressed with the quality and styling . I purchased two and would purchased again if needed . I would highly recommend this product .
 These gates are great ! They are heavy enough so that a small dog can not move them and easy to move from door to door . Best part , no marks on the walls !!!
 This gate is great and attractive . I have 3 dogs the largest one weighing 18 pounds . They do not even try to jump it or push it . Thanks When i move i am going to need one of the longer ones . Will buy again .
 I bought this gate to keep my two Golden Retrievers out of my living room . This gate is exceptional in every way . Very easy to put together -LRB- only need a screwdriver -RRB- and it stands very sturdily . It is attractive and fits in with the decor with the rest of my home . I recommend this product very highly .
 We needed some kind of gate to block the dog from going into the closet where we keep the cats ' litter box ; he 's a Dachshund so the gate does n't have to be high , but had to fit the opening without walls on either side . This gate was n't cheap , but works perfectly for the somewhat unique situation , and seems of good quality that should last for a long time . We 're happy with it !
 Great looking barriers to keep my 4 Yorkies out of the den ... and I can walk over them easily.Easy to assemble and move around if necessary .
 This gate does the job handsomely . Whodathunk you can get function and beauty ? Do n't waste your money buying something cheaper that does n't quite fit your needs-you 'll end up paying the same or more when you despair and have to try something different .
 I bought 2 large gates and 1 small one ... . best investment I ever made . The gates are beautiful ... and keeps my dog from going everywhere . They are easy for us to step over ... and they serve the purpose just perfectly . I recommend them highly !!! I also get lots of compliments on them ... the nice thing too is that you do n't have to attach them to the walls .
 This is a fabulous pet gate . It 's very attractive and looks nice on our hard wood floors . It 's actually two pieces and you are supposed to use bolts to bolt them together but because they stand up so nicely without the bolts -LRB- and our dogs do n't stand up and put their paws on the gates -RRB- we never put the bolts in . This leaves us the option of walking through the gate if we wish rather than stepping over it . Would definitely purchase one of these again if I had a need in another part of the house . Of course , Amazon 's price was the cheapest I could find anywhere .
 We own three of these gates and they are perfect for our four small dogs . We can easily step over them to get from one room to another.We have two in our kitchen and we were able to adjust them so they fit perfectly to fit across our large kitchen entrance . We have had no problems with our dogs jumping over them.Very happy with our gates !
 The freestanding pet gate is a huge improvement over the permanently mounted or the pressure held gates . It provides the necessary security and yet is easy and safe to traverse or move . Additionally , it is a beautiful piece of quality furniture designed to compliment any home . My only regret is that I did n't know about these sooner .
 This little gate provides an easy way to block off an area for our small dog . It 's lightweight , so it 's easy to move when necessary , but stands up to the `` nosing '' that it gets from our shih tzu . It 's much more attractive than the baby gates we 've used in the past .
 These gates are great because they 're adjustable for whatever size opening you need to block ; they 're only 20 '' high , so they 're easy to step over AND they look great!I needed to prevent my puppies from attempting to climb stairs , but I did not want to scuff up my walls with the typical baby gate , nor did I want some plastic gate to detract from my decor - these gates fit the bill .
 We have two dogs and we have gone through a couple baby gates to keep them from going into our dining room . The baby gates made marks on our walls , and tripped us so many times that they always ended up falling off and getting bent . Plus , they are ugly . This gate is well-made , very attractive , stands on its own , and is easy to step over . Our dogs have never attempted to jump it -LRB- they are pretty respectful of boundaries -RRB- , but I would warn that some dogs might be able to jump over it . For us , it has been wonderful , and makes our living room look so much nicer .
 This gate is very solidly designed and built ; it does n't rattle or feel cheap like a plastic gate , and it 's a very nice color to boot . We put this as a deterrant for our golden retriever to stay away from our cat 's litter box . So far it works like a charm - it 's heavy enough to not get toppled over , low enough for humans and the cat to clear it easily . Great buy !
 Great price , easy to put together , looks nice , and most importantly - it does the job !! We have the gate sitting in front of our staircase , which we prefer over mounting a gate in the stairwell itself . We did try the latter , and it did n't work easily -LRB- due to thickness of baseboard at bottom vs. space to wall at top -RRB- ; plus , the gate was n't as nice as this one and it cost more . This one is low enough for people to walk over it , but my little yorkie wo n't even attempt to get around or over it . It can also be used to keep your pet in a room -LRB- i.e. , block the doorway -RRB- , which we do as well . Before the gate , we were using 2 cardboard boxes , so I would say we are VERY happy to have such a nice looking replacement solution ! : - -RRB-
 Great gate . . looks like a piece of furniture . Very easy to put together ... I did it myself without hubby . Very easy to move around . Confines my 3 little pups !
 I looked a long time , and compared a lot of prices . I read the reviews on this one , and pondered . I have two fairly large Chihuahua 's and three patio door size areas to block the dogs from entering . I love this gate . It is good looking , will fitwith any decor . I can move it from one area to the next . Do n't have to mess with `` springs . '' For my purpose this is perfect.The dogs have not attempted to jump over it . I hesitated due to the height , but it has worked for my dogs . There are no gates in pet stores that I would prefer over this gate re
 Really nice gate , well made , well packaged -LRB- box in a box -RRB- , looks super and is easy to use and step over . Buying 2 more now liked them so much . Much better than really heavy metal gate I ordered from another store FG which I returned . Speedy delivery . Recommend .
 Love this . Folds up for flat storage . Great adjustments . Well made . Looks very good in the house . Puppy stays on one side . Our cat can go over with ease .
 This is a really nice gate and truly is nice to look at ! It is well made and solid . It is easy to pick up and move out of the way or just step over . Perfect for our little Min Pin -LRB- who has a bladder control issue -RRB- and keeps him out of the hallway leading to the bedrooms , yet my children can easily step over it . This has prevented `` accidents '' on our new carpet we just had installed in the bedrooms . This was worth every penny !
 We had just finished renovating our home and did not want a gate marring our walls . This freestanding pet gate did just the trick . It is solid and sturdy and will not tip over . It is low enough to comfortably step over and high enough to keep our Labrador retriever from jumping over it . This may not be true for all large breed dogs , but she is not a jumper , so it works for us . It is the most attractive pet gate I have ever seen . Also works with small grandchildren too ! We are very pleased with this purchase .
 These gates are so pretty ! Much better than the suitcases we had been using ! -RRB- They actually look nice for such a utilitarian purpose.Our gates are in a prominent place in the house - so we see them all the time.I did not want something cheap looking in my place - although I did not want to spend a lot . For my purposes they work well as we have two 5 lb senior chi wow wows . No worries on them pushing through . It is not flimsy nor super light so seem like it would work for dogs larger and younger than ours . They have a Stickley or Mission furniture appearance.Now I need to figure a way to have a set mounted into the wall at the top of my staircase - so they can swing open and shut .
 I also have a larger pet gate and they are well worth the money!Richell Wood Freestanding Pet Gate , Large , Autumn Matte Finish
 amazon wants 20 more words , but there 's really not much more to say . richell obviously knows what they 're doing . i own two of these -LRB- one small , one large -RRB- and they 're both functional and attractive enough to be used in my living room . nice work guys !
 This is an excellent gate . Easy to assemble , sturdy , and it looks very nice in our home . Our dog is 10 lbs . and he is nowhere near able to get over the small version of the gate . Great alternative if there is a place in your house where you do n't want to see the plastic , baby-type gate .
 This is the best doggie gate you can get in my opinion . It 's flexible and adjustable . I used to have the baby gate style that clamped up against the wall and it just dug little round spots in my walls . This gate looks really nice and is REAL WOOD . I bought 3 of them so far and love them .
 We used this to keep our little guy from going up or down the stairs . It 's worked great over the past year or so and has never crashed down .
 Works great for small dogs . A larger dog would probably not be deterred . Looks nice and does n't mar the floor , walls , etc. . I like it because I can move it out of the house when company comes .
 This pet gate works perfect for keeping our dogs contained in an area when we are not at home . Looks much better than a plastic gate so it is n't such an eyesore to be kept out if needed . It is very sturdy as well , so there is no worry about it getting knocked over . Very happy to have purchased this product !
 We love our new pet gate-its nicely constructed and looks great -- it keeps our new puppy a Shih Poo in our kitchen -- the great thing is she can look at us when we go upstairs because the gate sits outside the doorway instead installing in between the doorway . And the family can walk right over it and not have to worry about opening and closing it !! Definitely recommend !!!
 Our small dog needed to be kept out of a section of our apartment . This gate works perfectly , nice quality and folds relatively flat .
 I have a 70 # dog and 8 # dog , my 8 # dog is pretty determined to get to my cat litterboxes and I have a cat that is unable to jump so I positioned this gate in my doorway that allows my cat to squeeze by but not my dog . it is not flimsy at all and when some of my fat cats jump over it their legs catch it and its never once tipped .
 I love this gate ! it 's soo beautiful and it 's solid with high quality . We use to use 12 '' closet shelving with the lip on the floor so it would stand at the entrances by itself , altho closet shelving was cleaner looking then the taller dog gates from other companies it was still not as pretty as Richell gates . My dogs are trained not to jump anything in doorways , rather it be 5 '' tall or 20 '' . We only like step over gates . It 's so much more easier and cleaner looking . Richell gates are beautiful .
 I loved this gate . It looks like a piece of furniture and not just a utilitarian gate . It is well made and easy to put together . It is easer to keep clean than ones that are kept in doors with pressure . I have three 19 lb Cavalier King Charles Spaniels . They could easily jump this height in an agility course . I first set it up with chairs around it so they could not get a running jump . They got used to the gate and when I removed the chairs they did not even try to jump . This is the second one I have gotton and I am going to get a third .
 Fits perfectly -LRB- it 's adjustable -RRB- in our door way and allows the dogs to see us on the other side . Got compliments on it that it looks fancy . Great investment .
 I purchased one of these almost a year ago to prevent my eight year old miniature dachshund from running up and down the stairs -LRB- as she is forbidden from doing stairs after developing disk disease and having back surgery -RRB- . Since that time we have also added a dachshund pup to the household and he is now 8 mos old -LRB- and also forbidden from the stairs for the sake of prevention -RRB- . The gate has worked wonderfully for keeping them where they are supposed to be , neither can get over or around it ! Even my brother 's rambunxious cairn terrier can not get over it -LRB- she climbs other gates -RRB- ! I am extremely impresed with the style and it has a sturdy construction and quality appearance as well as a low profile so that it blends nicely with my home 's mission style decor . It has not once marred the hardwood floors or left any marks anywhere and the freestanding design is very sturdy ! I also love that I can step over it easily instead of hurdling one of those terrible plastic gates or constantly opening and closing it . In fact , just as I am writing this review I am about to order a second one to replace a soft roll-out style gate that I had at another stairway as the 8 month old pup can now outsmart this barrier by wiggling his way inderneath and crawl right up the stairs after me . I highly recommend this gate !
 this is a nice and sturdy little gate . very easy to assemble , but a little overpriced for what you get .
 I have 2 small weenie dogs and needed to keep them in the kitchen and den while I am at work . I actually had to buy 3 because of the layout of my house . The gates work great and are very nice looking . They blend in with the furniture and just look classy ! So much better than the old `` baby gates '' I used to have . Because of the low height it is VERY easy to just step over . Also they are easy to store when you need to move them out of the way . If you need a lower reliable gate that looks great , this one is worth the money !
 We have 3 of these gates and they are the most attractive and best on the market .
 Great Item , easy to assemble , and place where you need it .
 Received the gates on time - easy to put together , decorative - only 12 '' high - lovely accent - exactly what I needed .
 Just as described and arrived quickly . Great for our dog .
 I 'm so happy that we finally found these gates . -LRB- we also purchased the larger one as well -RRB- . We have a little 9lb Shih Tzu who would constantly knock down her gates and escape :-RRB- It was amazing the things she would go through to get out of her area.When I found these gates that did n't require a door frame , I knew this is what we would need . By purchasing both size gates we were able to really extend our puppies area and she was so much happier.I only wish I would have bought these a year ago . To think about all the money we wasted on those cheapy doorway gates ... ugh !
 We have purchased two of these gates to keep our puppy out of the bedroom and away from the stairs . They are easy to assemble and look just like they do in the pictures . Highly recommended for a small dog .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this on Amazon . I had seen these in high-end retailers for $ 150 and more , plus shipping . On Amazon , it 's even set up as Prime!As for the gate itself , it 's perfect . We have a 12 '' high , 13 lb . Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , and the height is perfect for us . It 's high enough to keep her in , and low enough to let us walk over it without a problem . The wood matches our house -LRB- a coincidence for us perhaps -RRB- , but it 's nicely put together and the wood is very high-end looking . The freestanding part of it works very well -- it 's very secure and solid .
 These gates are great for keeping our dogs out of the rooms we do n't want them in . The gates are attractive and can be easily set up to fit in the doorway or outside of the doorway so one can still open and close the door . They have a handsome furniture finish consequently their appearance is much more pleasing to look at as compared to the typical wire or plastic gates available . They do n't leave marks on the door frames as they simply set in place . Also , I price compared and this is the lowest price I could find for both the small and the large gates.Coincidentally , the gates are an added safety feature when our toddler grandson spends time with us .
 This pet gate is quality . It not only is attractive but sturdy . My little Westie stays securely behind the gate and does n't try to push it over as other flimsy gates I 've purchased . It looks like a piece of furniture in a room .
 The best thing about this gate is that it is free standing and can be used in spaces where a normal `` doorframe-held '' gate ca n't be put . Also it 's attractive wood , and not a metal eyesore . The downside of this is that the holes and screws for adjusting it to size , are not smartly planned . Once it 's put together , it stays that way unless you undo the whole thing . No quick way to make it larger or smaller -LRB- and I have need of that -RRB- . Also the pre-cut holes for screws are n't numerous enough . I was missing a screw too , so it 's held together by only one on top . I think it 's poorly designed in that respect . The screws are ` special ' and not something you have in your tool box . But I give it high marks for eye appeal and stand alone ability .
 The style of the gate is great and compliments a well furnished , well taken care of house . The dogs are effectively blocked from entering the area . The gate is easy to step over and has not scratched the floors -LRB- hardwood -RRB- .
 This gate is sturdy , easy to put together and works wonderfully to block our Scottish Terrier from getting down the hall . We were getting tired of having to leave our bedroom doors shut , not trusting our 9 month old Scottie from getting into mischeif . This is a very nice looking gate and is sturdy and is very easy to step over so you do n't have to keep moving it out of the way . It is also easy to fold up and move out of the way when needed . I LOVE Amazon reviews because the 5 star reviews are what made me decide on getting this particular gate !
 Ordered the small one , received the big one , which we use as 2 separate gates . They look good , lightweight and can easily be stepped over .
 I love this brand of gates . I have 3 small and a very large folding one ... they are beautifully built and look lovely in my home .
 We need to keep our dog out of the lower level of our house when we 're not home . He 's not very curious , so wo n't push it aside . Some dogs I 've had would , so it 's not for everybody . It 's easy for us to move out of the way so we do n't have to step over it to go down the stairs with a basket of laundry . Our 5 year old can move it easily when he wants to go down to play . Easy to assemble . A good product .
 The gate is very well made and easily moved since it is made to be free standing . It is very sturdy and looks ` high quality ' .
 We ordered this gate to fit around our bar as our 8 month old was constantly pulling wine bottles out of the bottom . It fit perfectly and looks really nice ! I ca n't stand the plastic gates because they look so cheap and annoying . This gate is pretty and perfect . Our baby loves to crawl up to it and lean on it . Its very sturdy and worth the cost .
 Finally a pet gate that DOES N'T look horrible and/or require that you damage walls !! This gate is heavy enough to stand on its own . It 's easily moved as needed and does n't require any connecting to walls . Love it !!!
 Liked it so well , this is our second order . Very useful and attractive . Only problem is our smallest dog can jump over it .
 I needed something to put at the top of my staircase to prevent my elderly dog from trying to go down -LRB- whereupon he would either fall going down or fall trying to go back up due to orthopedic issues -RRB- . Since this is also within sight of my living room , I wanted something that did n't look like a plastic baby gate . This fits the bill perfectly.It sits at the top of the steps , but permits enough room for a person to stand safely at the top of the stairs and step over the gate . It 's really pretty , too , so it does n't cheapen the look of the living room space.It 's not very tall , only about up to my knee , which means it is easily stepped over by a person . However , that also means that most dogs can easily get over it , if they were so inclined . I think a younger , more determined dog would n't be very deterred by this gate , particularly if it is being used to block a hallway or doorway . My dogs are large , but they are also both old and have learned to respect boundaries I establish .
 This is a very versatile gate that changes size with your whim , but I 've found the size that fits most openings in my home and it serves it 's purpose very well . My primary placement is at the end of a hallway leading to my bedroom , where I usually confine my puppy , and it is right off the entryway where there is an almost-matching bench.The edges are smooth , finish is excellent , no complaints at all about the finishing . It is lightweight enough that I can push it aside to get through with my walker or move it to another location . I do n't like the idea of several permanent attachments and this fits the bill ! The only thing - I have to be careful how I place it . If the baby Maltese can get his teeth around an edge of the wall or baseboard , he 's got himself convinced that he can chew his way out .
 This is a great product . I have had -LRB- and still have -RRB- several ` baby gates ' , and this is the best one I have ever purchased . All of the others are pressure gates of one sort or another , and this is by far the most attractive and convenient.It is tall enough at 20 '' to keep my Yorkie , Terrier mix , Doxie/Corgi mix and Maltese where I want them to stay -LRB- even my 45 lb Dingo mix will not cross -RRB- , but short enough to allow my cats to jump over into areas they are allowed to go . This is also much easier for me to step over -LRB- vs. the standard 26 '' pressure gate -RRB- . Simply pick up and move to the location you want it , and you are done . No more fighting with adjusting/readjusting the width to fit every time . No more pinched fingers fiddling with the adjustments.Assembly is easy , though you need to take a moment to analyze ` left ' from ` right ' on the provided instructions . At $ 80 it is a little pricey , but for me , the cost was well worth the added convenience.The only downside is , if you do want to adjust the width , it would require partial disassembly/reassembly , or multiple gates , which is not convenient and/or expensive . But , if you have a place you know you want to keep a gate permanently , or use only in a single location , this is the one for you .
 I bought this bag for my daughter to use on her full size stroller . It 's fantastic . It has a very strechy elastic top and the bag it 's self is very strechy allowing you to get tons into it . We often have two large heavy purses in it and the top snap closes it up for extra security . When we do n't have purses in it , it 's great for an extra blanket , snacks , toys , or small packages . We also have the `` mommy hook '' and it 's great for large bags and for purses when the Prince Lionhart bag is full of baby things . Between the two there is just about nothing you ca n't carry safely and securely on the stroller . We love it .
 I purchased this bag for a trip to Disney . I had a smaller umbrella stroller and the underneath basket on it was too small . I clipped this bag on and away we went . I stuffed so much into this small bag ! It is really stretchy and that allows for a lot of storage room . I was able to fold the stroller up with the bag on it with no issues . I have no idea how I even used my umbrella stroller without having this bag on it .
 I bought this item at least a year ago and I am just getting around to reviewing it . The bag and the clips provided make it easy to attach to a stroller . The bag is pretty strong can hold a fair amount of items -LRB- diapers , wipes , etc -RRB- .
 I put this on the back of my doubles seat on my Phil and Teds Explorer . Solves part of the storage problems ! A bit overpriced but worth it for the added storage .
 I put my baby girl 's newborn picture in it . It is so cute and made well . Worth the price . Recommended .
 This cover looks great , it 's soft and fits nicely , even after washing . -LRB- I have a Simmons changing pad . -RRB- My only suggestion is to buy or register for atleast THREE . I 'm a first time mom , and did n't realize how quickly it gets dirty ! I hope this helps !
 I like that the pads fit closely . I was not terribly concerned about `` smushing '' the corners of my contoured changing pad . If it were any larger would bother me if it slid around . I think a tight fit is safer -LRB- a wiggly baby ca n't losen it at all . -RRB- I love mine and bought them as shower gifts for friends too !
 The blue cover is great , not quick to show spit up stains . I never had a problem about it shrinking after a wash just follow the washing instructions and no shrinking .
 I have two of these covers and would actually like one more ! They are so soft and comfy to lay your baby on . I have more than one because it makes it easier when one is dirty and in the laundry you can use the spare ! They come in many colors to match your baby room decor . You will love them !
 We have three of these and they have worked well for us -LRB- for 7 months now -RRB- . In the wash , the lavender one has faded to a pink and the blue one faded to white ; the pink one still looks pink . They did shrink a bit , but they still fit over the Simmons changing pad just fine .
 We recently bought this pad for our changing table in the blue color . It 's very soft and fits well with our pad , which was made by another company . Another viewer was right about the lack of slits to pull the straps through to hold the baby . However , our son is n't extremely squirmy so we do n't use the straps anyways . He hates it more if we use them and he 's more still if we do n't . Overall , we like this cover , especially for it 's cost .
 I admit that while it wasnt a necessity , Ive enjoyed having this cover . When accidents happen , it completely soaks everything up and doesnt puddle onto my changing pad -LRB- I still do clean it though -RRB- . It hasnt fallen apart in my washer and Ive already washed it many , many times . Baby likes that he doesnt have to be laid on a cold pastic-y surface when its time for a diaper change .
 We love our pad cover , and we 're not having any of the issues others are having ... it fits nicely on the Simmons contoured changing pad and does n't pull up on the corners . I wash mine in cold water and dry on medium , have n't seen any ripping , loose threads , or anything . I 'd definitely buy another one . Maybe I just got a good one , or maybe Simmons is making them better now ?
 I bought two of these terry changing pad covers when my first child was born . We now have a second child , and the covers are still holding up nicely . They wash and dry very well with any load of clothes . There seems to be no pilling to or from other garments . The colors do fade , but no more than what is expected . Best of all , stains wash out well with a stain remover -LRB- just like a towel -RRB- . For all of the stains I could not get out of my children 's clothing and bibs , it 's nice to know their changing pad covers always look clean .
 My son is now 12 months old , and we have had this item since he was born and love it . We have two covers in different colors , and this works perfect . When one is in the wash , the other is on . I have n't had any problems with shrinking in the wash , and I do n't really understand the need for the slots either as the straps come up under the cover . The only issue I have seen is that both covers did get some pulls early on . No big deal , though . Sometimes I turn them inside out and use them that way . The pulls happened really early on and have n't gotten any worse . I love these covers and would highly recommend them to anyone !
 I have n't experienced any problems like the other customers . I 've been using 2 light blue covers now for 21 months and they 've have n't shrunk and still look the same . They 're not as soft and fluffy as they were brand new but that 's to be expected . I 've never had a problem with the straps since they are underneath the pad and wrap up and around . I have the Simmons changing pad so maybe that 's the difference ? I like how they have a large color selection making it easier to cordinate with your nursery colors .
 I was hesitant to register for these covers because of some of the negative reviews I read ... However , my son is now 3 months old and we love the covers that we use ! Some common complaints I have read mention shrinking , poor fabric quality , and staining easily ; our experience has been quite different : - Shrinking is minimal -LRB- I generally wash in hot water because I 'm getting poopy out , too -RRB- - Any shrinking that does occur does not prevent the cover from fitting , only makes it more snug -LRB- which I like -RRB- - Stains come out very easily with Dreft stain remover or Shout -LRB- neither alters the cover coloring either -RRB- - Of my four covers , two have loose threads from excessive washing -LRB- still in great shape-I consider the fabric quality excellent , especially considering the amount of washings these go through in the first few weeks ! -RRB- - One thing to consider
 This cover is actually light blue -- not lavender . I registered for this cover because I wanted light blue . When it was added to my registry , it came up as lavender . I went back to Babies R US to confirm that the SKU number matched the light blue cover and it did . For some reason , there must be a glitch in the online system because even the description of this cover says it is made out of blue terry cloth . In any event , I got the light blue one as I had wanted . Just wanted to post this so everyone knew what color they were getting !
 washes well . I even put a receiving blanket down on top of it so I do n't have to wash it as often . I recommend buying at least 3 . I have a 3 month old and I have 2 of the products and wished I had more .
 We have two of these -LRB- I recommend at LEAST two ! -RRB- in yellow and light blue . Both have been pooped on -LRB- you ca n't even imagine ! -RRB- and peed on ... all stains washed right out with no pre treatment . Only once did I pretreat the yellow cover . Both wash up soft and cozy.We have been using our covers for double duty ... our son has a reflux issue and needs to sleep sitting up for at least 30-45 min after a feeding . I cover our car seat with one of the covers -LRB- it wraps around the edges and clings to the outside of the seat -RRB- and it makes it a cozier place for him to rest before being placed in his crib . With that said , NEVER leave the cover on while using the car seat in the car or as a safety seat !!!
 This product is great ! I received this as a shower gift to go along with my Simmons contoured changing pad . Its soft and washes well . Changing pad covers are must haves , and this one is truly great ! We registered for three , in different colors , and all the colors are beautiful . I highly recommend these pad covers , and the Simmons changing pad as well !
 I really like these covers . I have 2 of them , although I could probably use a third as they are easy to get dirty -LRB- as is anything on a changing table -RRB- . Mine fit perfectly on the Simmons pad they are meant for and feel soft and nice , even after repeated washings . I am very pleased with this product , it makes the changing pad much more attractive than just the plain white pad .
 I was really surprised when I read some of the other reviews . My son is 16 months old and I 've been using these covers since he was about 6 months old . I have three of them , all have been washed and dried more times than I can count and I 've never had any problem with shrinkage or fading at all . I will agree that they snag easily , and my rings are always catching the terry , but I think it 's fantastic !
 I think this product actually lives up to its name . A few bucks more but you can tell the difference . However , for those that are more economical moms , the `` Parents Choice '' brand of the pre-formed drop-ins work just as well , so feel free to use that brand with no quality sacrifice !
 I use these liners all the time for my little one and they are a life saver for babies with gas !
 I started using these when my baby was 1 month old . Its great to not have to scrub bottles all the time ! And I believe it helped w / her colic . I still love how convienent these are .
 Excelente el Producto y el despacho , sin contratiemposMuy bueno el Servicio !!!!! Lo recomiedo 100 % . muy rapido el serviciosin contratiemposImpecableRecomiendo 100 % PracticoSin EnredosEficiente
 Very convenient and does n't leak . Measuring lines are accurate , but it 's hard to read when it 's inserted into the bottle .
 We used the drop in bottles and liners to keep the air out of my little guys stomach . I give them a 4 though because on a couple of times while pushing the air out of the bottle the liner broke open which led to a huge mess . But overall a great product !
 Love thesecliners , as they work greatNot having to orry about bottle strilization is a big deal.Definitely recommend this prodcut
 They are the best . I do n't know what I would do without them . With my older child I used the other kind . Very convienent and easy to use . The only problem is to carry them if going out .
 Good price for name brand product . A bit thinner plastic than the generic brands and needs to be full of water in order to accurately measure water .
 I have always used playtex bottles and liners . All of my babies have never had a problem with getting to much air or spitting up . Will continue to always use
 My first experience using Playtex Drop-Ins was in 1998 after I had my daughter . They were a good product that made feeding her easier and less stressful . Now , 14 years later , I 'm using them with my son and have the same wonderful experience of being able to make a bottle in a hurry without worrying about sterilizing a bottle and its parts . They 're perfect for when you 're on the go with ready made formula , too . I have noticed an upgrade in the durability of the drop-ins compared to how they were structured years ago . I love the contoured shape that makes inserting them into the nurser a lot easier than before and how I do n't have to fold the extra plastic at the top before attaching the nipple component.Playtex has earned my praise , yet again , and I highly recommend the Drop-Ins to anyone who has a need for them .
 these Playtex bottle liners really came in handy when my granddaughter need them for her son.she avacned fron 40z to 80z
 I used WalMarts ParentsChoice brand because Wmt was out of Playtex brand . THE SMELL off the off-brand is too weird for me -LRB- made in china vs. Playtex made in USA -RRB- By the way , Ziploc and ParentsChoice are cheaper but ARE EXACTLY the same , just different packages , same manufacturer and same strange smell . Not PLAYTEX . Will only use other brands when I have no Playtex .
 The product arrived just as described . These things make making bottles much easier , and way more convenient . I highly recommend this product , and the Drop-Ins system altogether . Great purchase !
 Playtex Drop-Ins are easy to prepare and allow the milk to warm faster than generic liners . I would definitely recommend the Playtex Drop-In system .
 Easy to use . One drawback is the liners are crashed little bit because they are soft , so it is not accurate if I use the measuring marks on the nurser bottle to measure milk . I used a measuring cup to measure milk , and then pour it into a liner .
 I know MANY parents out there do not even have to measure a bottle to be able to get it pretty accurate ; these drop-in bottle liners will give you an illusion of more that is really less.Make sure you read the fine print
 We use these liners in both the 4 oz and 8 oz bottles and they have been great for us . We finally discovered that the liners have markings on them showing ounces or mLs to make it easier to use them in the 8 oz bottles -LRB- which we 'll be using more 8 oz bottles in the future , so we figure we 'd invest in those -RRB- . We use the liners/bottles/nipples with formula and breastmilk . Cleanup is easy -- pour out any leftovers , toss the liners , hot soapy wash and hot rinse the nipples/rings/bottles , and use again . We have not had any problems with heating up the bottles -- we use a mixing bowl with hot tap water and let the bottles sit in the water for a few minutes prior to feeding . A little harder to do with the 8 oz bottles using 4 oz liners , but works if you tilt the bottles on their sides -LRB- avoding getting the nipple in the water , of course -RRB- .
 I do n't know how people managed before this was invented . Super easy to warm formula and pre-sterilization is great for peace of mind .
 Playtex Drop-Ins Pre-Formed Soft Bottle Liners , 8-10 oz . 100 eaThis product is wonderful for any baby/child that uses a bottle . Easy to use and the nice part , they expand to 10oz , giving your child 2 additional ounces.I used Playtex bottles 30 + year ago for my own children , and now use them for my Grandchildren .
 These are so easy . I do n't have to wash a million bottles anymore ! I just have to wash the nipples . The only complaint I have is that I pre-fill with water and dump in the formula when I 'm ready , but when I put in the 8 oz . and let the bottle sit for a while , the bag expands a little so it only looks like I have 7 oz . So the measurements may be a little off . I would use a measuring cup to make sure you get exactly how much water you want and not rely on the liner 's measurements .
 These drop-in are so convenient for parents who have a child in day-care . Instead of passing bottles back and forth , which need to be sterilized , we have our child care provider use the Playtex drop-ins and it has made both our lives easier . Now just the nipples need to be cleaned . The thinness of the plastic allows the milk or formula to heat up really quickly , which is great when you 've got a hungry baby waiting to be fed . Also , the plastic collapses as the baby feeds , reducing the possibility of gas and spit-up . I 've gotten comments from our child care providers on how little gas our child as and how she almost never spits-up . I can justify the cost of the drop-ins over using bottles without by factoring in what I save in time and energy by not having to wash/sterilize bottles .
 I 've been using these for almost a year and they are great . It 's nice to not have to clean the inside of the bottles every night . We 've had very minimal leakage issues . And I do think there is something to Playtex 's claims that it reduces gas/air . Also not terribly expensive over the long-run . I will use the Playtex Dropin system again with my next child .
 This product is good I loved not having to wash the inside of bottles and is very convenient and great for easy clean up .
 These liners are the best . They 're easy to pump into and are disposable -LRB- yay - less dishes -RRB- ! The price is great . Although a little more expensive than the Target brand - I like that they expand up to 10 ozs and actually have accurate lines of measurement . A must have for new moms .
 It is worth spending a little more to get the drop-ins vs the regular liners ... much faster & more convenient to use . I have used these for all of my kids since they swallow almost no air using the playtex bottles . I even have the attachments to fill these liners directly when I pump so there 's literally no spilled milk when all you have to do is warm it up & drop it in the bottle & screw on the nipple . Love the playtex system !
 This is a great item , my son is 9 months old and I have n't washed a bottle yet . My baby enjoys drinking from the nurser bottle . I have tried the medela and avent bottle and he refuses them right away . Also , the Playtex Drop-Ins System Breast Milk Storage Kit works great with this liners . I am able to pump right into the liners while at work and he can drink from them the next day . No more transfering milk from my pump bottles to a storage bag and then to a liner . Great system , finally !
 We use these whenever we are away from home -LRB- take up less room in a diaper bag or suitcase -RRB- Took her a while to get used to the nipple on the bottle . But she 's pretty easy to feed . If there 's food in it , she 'll figure out how to use it , lol . I am pleased with the price of these , they are more expensive in stores .
 These liners are a great idea in theory . I only use them because my baby like the latex nipples and not many other bottle brands have latex nipples anymore . The measurements are a nightmare , I have to guess how much breastmilk I am pouring in the bottle . The only thing that helps is that I pour it in from a lansinoh storage bag and that gives me a better idea of how much I am putting in.With regards to leaks and the liner lip pulling free and falling out , I only experienced that with the 4oz liners but that was because I was overfilling them . However I am always worried about this happening so I screw the nipple on very carefully . It would be great if the nipple ring was clear so you could see if the liner is on the verge of pulling free or not .
 I ca n't complain , these things have saved us so many sleepless nights because of a gassy baby ! My first child had a major problem with gas because of the formula he was on , we tried so many different bottles and systems until we came across these . What a lifesaver ! The Dr. Brown 's bottles do a great job at keeping gas out of baby 's stomach but these liners do an even better job ! I must say though that I do miss the old design and the expandable liners , I do n't know why they changed it but the new design still gets the job done . Now , with our second child these liners are still trumping any bottle feeding system out there . Do n't buy the cheaper store brands if you really want your baby gas free , we have tried that and there 's a huge difference in them ! Will definitely be using these again if we have a 3rd !
 So far I really like . This product has not leaked and since my baby girl is growing this is perfect for water and formula .
 I love the drop-in system . It 's easy , and safe you huge amount of time . All I have to do just throw out the liner after each feeding . I am breasting my baby . All I have to do is pump and freeze the Breastmilk in these liner . When it 's time to feed , just put the frozen milk in the hot running water then feed . Very very simple . I am very happy I discover the drop-in system . All breastfeeding working mom should use these .
 I love using drop ins , and it is a good choice since you are not supposed to heat up breastmilk .
 These are great . They save time and do n't leak - like the standard bags sometimes do . HOWEVER I will only buy the generic ones from now on since they are so much cheaper ! You can get both sizes at Walgreen 's , Walmart and Target . Save your money !
 I ordered this product for my friend 's babyshower . I recieved it quickley and in excellent condition . My friend is very happy with this product .
 Very convenient . Baby -LRB- 4 months -RRB- is not gassy at all . But to be honest I did n't try any other type of a bottle since this one works so well .
 Have n't used these yet because I have n't had the baby but looking forward to it !!! I can buy them cheaper somewhere else but still good product it seems like !!
 My son immediately preferred using the drop-in bottles in place of the others that I tried . I had a small amount of guilt at first about the extra plastic always being thrown away . But I started using them with the breast pump adapter and storage kit to pump directly into the drop-ins . So I traded a drop-in for a plastic zip bag . I never touch , pour or handle the milk again . I know that each serving is clean and sanitary . I wash only the nipples by hand and the rest I rinse without much effort since it does not come into contact with my baby or the milk .
 I have used disposable drop-in liners from multiple stores -LRB- Wally-World , the bullseye store , & various drugstores -RRB- and find that they all work just as fine as these Playtex ones do , but at half the price . I like that the Playtex liners are thinner feeling , meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking ... but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic , they work as well . Playtex , come down in price and you 'll get 5 stars instead of only 4 .
 I have no idea why I spent so much money on Avent -LRB- leaks all the time and too fast flow -RRB- and Dr. Brown 's -LRB- difficult to clean -RRB- . I love this disposable liners because I just discard them after use , which is awesome when you have a baby to take care of .
 The Playtex system works well with my Medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners , plus a set ofPlaytex Drop-Ins System Breast Milk Storage KitPlaytex storage rings -LRB- which these liners drop into -RRB- . That kit comes with an adapter that fits on a Medela pump . The whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle , and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles . The thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding . Overall , very convenient and in almost 7 months of pumping , I never had a leak ! Also , BPA free which is great !
 I 've tried other brands of drop-ins and Playtex is the best . I wo n't try another brand . And you ca n't beat the price on Amazon -LRB- for 100 -RRB- .
 I love the drop-ins system . I used them for my first daughter when I went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them . I am using them again for my DCP for my second daughter . There is less washing needed during the day as the bottle does n't get dirty . I have never had an issue with these and was happy to find them on Amazon!P.S . There is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles . It was cheap and saves a step !
 these bottle drop ins -LRB- I think -RRB- are much better than using regular bottles for 2 reasons . 1 . you can squeeze all the air out therefore reducing gas in baby 's tummy and 2 . easy clean up : -RRB-
 We 've been using these and absolutely love them ! So much easier to clean than other bottle systems . Can easily remove all air to improve gassiness and colic in little one . Just press in the liner from the bottom . We are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner , and it is still easy to remove the air.With the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner . Then we tighten the lid and continue to press any remaining air out through the hole in the nipple -LRB- be careful when pushing up on the liner before tightening the lid as liquid can easily overflow -RRB- . If your fingers are not long enough , we sometimes use the handles of some of our kitchen serving utensils to aid in removing the air .
 I love this product and I recomend it : -RRB- I use it since 2000 and I would like to have it here in my country -LRB- Portugal -RRB- .
 I do n't have much time to go out shopping for things we need with a new baby . The playtex bottles are easy since there 's no real cleaning everyday - the liners just pop in and out ! The price here is just as good as walmart but it comes right to my door without the walmart craziness :-RRB- Would recommend for sure ! No problems with leaking or anything ...
 We love using the drop ins . They make cleaning the bottles so much easier and we do n't have to worry about sterilizing them after washing .
 GREAT would be the word for this purchase ! Too bad I could only purchase online from overseas as it is very hard to find this item in where I reside .
 great system , love it , recomend it - awesome for travel , easy clean up -LRB- trash them :-RRB- and our baby loves them !
 I ordered these and had them sent to my grandson for his new baby . I have never used these kind of bottles but they are what the kids wanted . I 'm 63 things were different in my day .
 These drop in liners are worth every penny . With my twins , the daycare goes through lots of bottles each day . These are so easy to &#34; load &#34; into the bottles and have never fallen out , burst , leaked , etc. .
 This product works directly with our Medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit . It is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another . I can not comment on the freezing aspect since I did not make enough milk to be able to freeze . The only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner is n't fully expanded . We measure in a different container and pour into the liner . The best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean - we just do n't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean . Our other bottles are the good old fashioned Evenflo glass bottles . All in all , we recommend this product .
 I used these with my first daughter 8 years ago . They are wonderful ! You do not have to sit and wash bottles constantly . The baby will also have less gas since there is little to no air to contend with . The only difference with these are that they are expandable . This may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion . I will be using them to store breast milk for when I go from breast to bottle as baby gets older so the expansion wo n't affect me any . I recommend these liners for everyone .
 I love these bottles ! I breastfeed and my son takes these bottles so easily when I 'm not around . They are easy and convenient ! I 'm not sure how they would do with mixing of formula , but it seems it may not be so easy because seeing exact measurements are rather difficult.I recommend these to everyone ! No problems with excess gas and you know you are getting a fresh , clean liner everytime ! Love love love them !
 I highly recommend the drop-in bottles & liners . It makes it so much easier to clean the bottles and keep things sterilized without having to run the dishwasher every time you need clean bottles . Throw-away liners ... What a great concept !!
 It is very easy to just drop in a sterilized liner and clean the nipple . Very quick and easy to get a feed in . I ca n't go with anything else except for Dr. Browns bottles , I do have those also .
 These are great liners . I like the whole playtex drop-ins system . I have less to clean up with these , which allow me more time to spend with my baby .
 Great thoughtful design . One of those things make early motherhood easy.I wish I started using them earlier . My baby had nipple confusion using other brands and it took a long time to lure him back to the breasts . With Playtex slow flow nipples baby is switch between breasts and bottles easily now.It so easy for me - easy to clean -LRB- only the nipple and the ring -RRB- , easy to setup -LRB- drop in -RRB- , formula can be mixed in the bottle with drop-in directly . Very light and easy to pack extras for long trip.My baby loves it !! It collapses so baby hardly suck in air ; It 's light weight with an open bottomed holder . My baby was able to be able to hold the bottle by the holder at feeding since 3 months old and loves the involvement.All in all to me it represents great product design - simple concept , well executed , with many benefits , and pleasant to senses . Good job !
 These 4 oz liners are perfect for us . I pump milk for my son and the 4 oz liners are perfect . He gets less air from sucking the bottle because once milk is gone the bag collapses . Less for me to clean . I only wash bottle , nipple , and lid then pop in a new liner . Amazon price still less than stores have been ordering this for 11 months now . The stores mostly sell 50 count not 100 . BPA free is an added plus.Only negative is to not push down tightly when closing lid or you will cause the rim of the liner to unline itself from the rim of the bottle . I close while pulling up and have n't made that mistake again .
 Our little baby girl had colic so we from the avent bottles to the playtex drop in . The drop ins are easy to use . There is less cleaning to do compared to regular bottles . You just need to clean the nipple of the bottle . One problem with the drop ins is that if you squeeze the air out too fast or too forcefully than the milk will spill out from the side . We 've been using these for the past 6 months . The colic went away . It could have been from the drop ins or just the baby out growing her colic .
 I use this only while double pumping . I use one side with a Avent bottle and the other with this disposable liner so after I am done pumping I can transfer all pumped milk to the bottle and discard this one . It 's one less thing to wash after you are done pumping specially if you are at work .
 I love using the drop-ins as they pose less mess and I find them to be relatively inexpensive when purchased from Amazon.com .
 These bottle liners were good quality plastic and helped minimize the amount of air my baby swallowed . I would highly recommend them .
 Easy to use , work as expected and expand up to 10 oz . We love them !
 When I am home , I use the Born Free bottles . When I travel , I use the playtex disposable bottles . Makes for easy packing and cleaning .
 easier to use than any bag , but you need to double-up if you want to freeze them
 I do n't know where I would be without these . Easy to `` drop-in '' and you just throw it away . I love that it 's always ready to go and that I do n't have to clean a bottle and a brush and make sure that everything is clean inside . You can even heat up the milk/formula just by putting hot water in a bowl and swishing the bottle around for about 30 seconds !
 The dropins are great , easy to use and no clean up . I like that there are the measurements for ounces on the actually dropins , which is cool .
 These are extremely convenient and time saving . You need to pay attention to the size markings on the side of the bottle , because some are measures for 10 oz and some are for 8 oz .
 I was pleased with the product , however I made two purchases and the shipping charges were not combined though the items came from the same web site .
 I used these liners for my son who is now 4 before all the info on BPA became so prevalent . I loved them and thought they were very convenient . I 'm now expecting number 2 and wondering if these liners contain BPA ? Does anyone know ?
 Since these are used for only minutes and then tossed away , and never heatedto a dangerous level , the baby is safe and colic etc . is reduced . Only glass bottles are safer but they do not reduce colic . . so I choose theseUsed them on 2 healthy kids and loved them
 I like the fact that when i make a bottle I 'm sure it is clean . These liners make going out of the house a lot easier . No need to worry about cleaning the bottles . i just take extra liners and nipples in my bag .
 I love these little drop-in liners . After all the warnings from using clear plastic bottles , this was a godsend . And another added bonus is that it makes bottle washing a snap since you just toss it after each use . The only part that gets milk on it is the nipple .
 These drop ins are great . They make filling the bottles and cleanup a lot easier . If the bottles they are made for were easier to push the air out I would be completely sold . In order to ease my guilt from the damage to the environment I just rinse them real quick and throw into the recyling bin . Overall these are a great product .
 These are the best liners for baby . They are easy to handle , easy to fill and durable . Best of all they are easy to dispose of and store . My neice 's and nephew 's used theses and they are currently on my registry for our first child ! I would not choose any other liner on the market !
 First off let me say that i do no use the Playtex Drop-In system . i had purchased these bags solely to use for milk storage and they are pretty good . The bags are sturdy but not inflexible , they stand on their own which is great when placing them in the freezer - no spills before they are frozen . plus they are easy to transport . My only quim is that when used in this way they only hold a fraction of their capacity . The 4oz bags can only relistically hold 2oz of milk when you use a twist-tie to secure the top , anything more and the milk will squeeze right out when closing . The 6oz bag holds about 4.5 oz other than that i would say they are good - plus the added bonus of being pre-sterilised makes them super easy to use .
 Excellent product , hope Playtex never changes this . Any parent knows that this is excellent . My baby has little to no gas , burps are easy to bring out , its just great to use . I do admit I have seen the 100 ct. pack much more expensive elsewhere , while Amazon is not the cheapest I have found ever , it so far has been the cheapest on the internet . If I recall right , its on babies ` r ` us for about 8 dollars , or maybe 9 I forget . But anyway , packaging from Amazon was a little overkill , but it got to an APO in days , not weeks like usual , big ups to Amazon.com !
 I love the drop-in system . It 's easy , and safe you huge amount of time . All I have to do just throw out the liner after each feeding . The only set back for these 8oz liner is , you ca n't read clearly how many oz of milk you put in , unlike the 4oz liner , it shows you clear reading . If the manufacture can correct this . Then this product will be perfect .
 I have been using those for months and will keep using them . They are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles . I usually rotate with 4 nipples so I always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.The bags do n't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk . This might be more an issue with the bottle itself than the drop-in . First few times I was n't careful in positioning the drop in and ending up pouring the most of the milk on baby due to a bad leak . After doing that twice I was more careful in positioning the drop-in . Conclusion it is a great idea , time saver on cleaning .
 These are bottle bags used with Playtex bottles for feeding a baby . These bags are excellent and do the job well . I enjoy shopping on Amazon its the best way to shop !
 These work great for the playtex bottles . I have had no issues of them leaking , as long as they are put on properly . The number on the drop ins do n't exactly match up with the numbers on the bottle .
 Very easy to use , combined with almost nothing to clean . The small cost of reusable liners is far overshadowed by their convenience .
 It needs measurements , but once you get used to it , you wo n't feel the need to measure the milk anymore . Our daughter accepted it immediately .
 We only use the drop-in system when traveling and it has been convenient and very easy to use ! The only problem we 've had is deformed drop-ins , makes the measurement inaccurate . We have to be extra careful storing them for travel -LRB- we place it in a ziploc inside the bottle bag -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 Its really helpful , hygienic and easy . I really love the design of the drop-ins which perfectly fits the bottle . Really nice . I keep buying it .
 Playtex drop-ins work well for baby , and were a popular baby present for a co-worker . Item as described and very handy for the new mother .
 These liners and their bottles are the best things I 've found for my son . He likes the nipple of the bottle because it 's like breastfeeding , and I like being able to quickly pop in new liners : -RRB-
 I have tried First Year BreastFlow bottles - -LRB- which were great for preventing nipple confusion the first month of life -RRB- , Avent bottles , Madela bottles , and Playtex Drop-ins ... My family 's favorite are the Playtex Drop-Ins system . Because the milk is in a collapsible container , you never have to worry about air getting into your baby 's system . By far , my baby had the fewest gas/colic problems with the dropins and the milk was the easiest to suck out as well.I have recommended these bottles to anyone who has cared to ask my suggestion .
 We used Playtex drop-ins for both of our children . I prefer buying them from Amazon , because they are must cheaper than the store . You get more for your money . These drop-ins are great quality . You do n't have to worry about your child getting air in the bottle . I would highly recommend these to others !
 This is the most comfortable and convenient product for the parents ... I am not sure how different these Playtex ones are compared to the other brands or store brands ... I bought these for the first time and I have n't thought of any other brand so far ...
 I love these liners . They are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk . I have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when I was squeezing the air out , squeezed a little too hard and POP !! , breastmilk everywhere . I learned my lesson - squeeze gently , if at all . My only complaints are
 I started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day . Then I came upon these Playtex nursers with disposable liners , and now I only use a regular bottle if I have to . Valuable time has been saved , now that I 'm using these things instead!The only caution I have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements . Because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid , do n't trust the measurements on this . I noticed the difference when I poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag , and when it was in the Playtex bottle , the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.Aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements , this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my household .
 if you decide to go with drop-ins than these are great . Also goes great withPlaytex Drop-Ins System - Breast Milk Storage Kit .
 Love Playtex . I bought these thinking they would be slightly better than the flimsy store brand ones . These are very sturdy in fact . They even hold their shape with slightly hot formula inside -LRB- heat it up before the little bugger wakes up ;-RRB- . Its very easy to warm formula or pumped milk in these cos u can just swirl it in some hot water . It heats up the milk considerably faster than a bottle.The only disappointment to me was that I never noticed the crumple down effect when using these . Where its supposed to be a vacuum and the baby 's sucking just pulls the milk out and the dropin just crumples . In my experience , it just acted like a bottle and held its shape till the end of the feeding . And I did use the recommended Playtex nipples , nurser , etc. . So I switched over to their vent-aire bottles and those I feel are even better . But as dropins go - these are very good .
 The Playtex Drop-ins are a convenient way to make bottles quickly . They save time by only having to rinse the bottles you use instead of having to steralize each time . This can also help in how many bottles you will need . After each feeding just rinse the bottle and you are ready to go with a fresh Drop-in and a clean nipple . Also , the daddies are more willing to help because of the convenience of this product . I am very glad I choose this bottle to feed my baby .
 Super cute and seems to be good quality . Very gender neutral as we have twins and use same set for both . goes well will white furniture .
 Like a lot of new moms , I had a lot of difficulty breastfeeding my baby . Bottle feeding with any other bottles confused him , but the avent bottles are more similar to breast feeding . This made his transition from breast to bottle and back to breast a lot easier for both of us .
 These have to be the greatest bottles available . The wide nipples make it great for switching between breast and bottle . They are also great for keeping out air . It 's nearly impossible for air to get to the baby . I will not even try anything else .
 This is really a wonderful bottle . It 's easy to clean and to hold , and my baby really likes the nipple . Like many reviewers , I was frustrated that the bottles leaked so much , and I was ready to write a bad review for these bottles . However , I went on the Avent website ... and after some searching , discovered that I was tightening the white rings too tight ! You 're supposed to only tighten them enough that you feel them `` grab . '' After I found this out , I never had a leak again .
 These bottles came recommended to me , and I am glad I invested the money . There is a reason why the Avent bottles are a little more expensive than competitors . I 'm a breasfeeding mother , however , when my son turned four weeks old , we wanted to introduce a bottle so his father and other family members could feed him , giving me a break . He took to it right away , and I note that he latches on the Avent nipple like that of mine . So , if you are a breasfeeding mother who wants to use a bottle part-time , then these should be your choice ! I also do n't see my son having a lot of gas issues , and they clean up real easy , too -- not like some of the bottles my friends have used .
 Hi , I love these bottles now . I hated them for the first month . . they kept leaking all over me and baby and in the middle of the night that was so frusturating ! I finally called the 1800 number to avent and was told what to do . You have to put the nipple in the white ring and then put the cap on that and then you put that on the bottle and tighten it by the CAP . . not the white ring ... If you tighten it with the clear platic cap the white ring will stop when its tight enough on its own , preventing the leakage . Believe me , this works . I was about ready to go buy all new bottles until I figured this out . Email me if you have questions and I 'll be glad to help you..sherri@gigglebs.com .
 I first experienced using the AVENT brand when my nephew was an infant . They were easy for him to use without nipple confusion . Unlike the traditional bottles made by Gerber and Evenflo , the AVENT are easier to clean ... no bottle cleaning brush is needed . I was amazed at how my whole hand and dishcloth fit into the bottle . I never experienced leaking with them the times I had used them . They are also easier for the baby to hold.Any friend that is expecting , I get them the AVENT bottles and they end up wishing that they had registered for them .
 I tried both these and the playtex ventair bottles . My son definitely showed a strong preference to the nipple on this bottle . I like the shape and think they are easier to hold and the wide mouth is great for mixing formula.We too originally had problems with leaking . After re-reading the directions I now make sure I hear the nipple `` click '' into place , and make sure I do n't over-tighten and have n't had any problems with leaking since doing so .
 I was told that Avent bottles were the bottles to get and they were the only ones I ever gave to my son . I was very pleased with them right off , so I never bothered to try any others . He took the nipple right away and did not have any nipple confusion during the time I was both nursing and giving him a bottle . I have not had any problems with leaking . If the nipple is screwed on correctly , not a drop comes out while I shake it to mix up milk or formula . The wide mouth makes the bottles very easy to clean . I just use a bottle brush with warm , soapy water , then put the bottle , nipple and ring in my Avent steam sterilizer -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I have been using the bottles for seven months now and they are still in great shape.I have a friend who said her baby would not take the Avent nipples . Since Avent bottles are not universal and ca n't be used with other brands of nipples and rings , you may want to keep this in mind before you spend much money on a lot of them.I think that most babies start eating more than 4 ounces during their second month , so you probably wo n't need many of this size . I had seven bottles and that was the perfect amount for us . Although my son uses the 9 ounce bottles now , I still use some of the 4 ounce bottles to mix and store formula that I add to his cereal .
 I was n't going to write a review , but after reading many of the negative comments about these bottles leaking I decided to.We have not had any problems with these bottles and my son does great with them . He goes very well from breast to bottle throughout the day while he 's in daycare.As far as the bottles leaking , I had that problem with one . I discovered that the reason the bottle leaked was because the bottom of the nipple was slightly warped and was not creating a tight enough seal . All I did was replace it and it worked fine . Maybe disappointed customers should check the bottom of their nipples when they are in the bottle lid/seal and make sure that they are perfectly rounded and not warped at all . That should solve the problem . They may also want to check to make sure that they have the nipple pulled through the whole way.We love them and would recommend them to anyone and do to all pregnant people we know !
 I have been nothing short of satisfied with the Avent bottles . They are truly a wonderful product . I have never experienced any problem with leaking as many of the other reviewers have stated.Another plus to using Avent bottles is the fact that Avent sells nipples for different ages . When using Avent bottles for a newborn , the recommended size is 1 . As your baby turns 1 month old , you have the option to purchase size 2 nipples . Then , when your baby reaches 3 months , there is a size 3 nipple to buy . And finally , when baby turns 6 months , there is yet another nipple to buy , size 4 . This option is wonderful as with most -LRB- if not all -RRB- bottles I looked at purchasing before deciding on Avent , there is not a variance in nipple sizes . Most bottles come with `` one size fits all '' nipples . Although purchasing different sized nipples can be costly in the long run if you have quite a few Avent bottles like me -LRB- I have 16 -RRB- , they are such an asset in feeding your baby.Also , Avent bottles can be used with Avent sippy spouts & handles . This is a great option when getting your baby used to taking a sippy cup because you are n't required to purchase the entire sippy cup `` kit '' all at once.I highly recommend these bottles , both the 4 ounce and 9 ounce size , to anyone who is looking for a great , dependable bottle that is designed specifically to reduce air intake by baby . Although the price is a little more steep than most , they are definitely worth every penny spent .
 We have used these bottles for the last three months and our son has easily gone back and forth between the breast and bottle since he was born . These bottles were wonderful for that !! HOWEVER , I had a heck of a time with them leaking after about three weeks of use . I could n't figure out what was wrong , but my husband realized , like many others have , that the seal is broken if they are tightened too much which causes them to leak . Since we found this out I have not had a problem and am enjoying them again .
 I think the Avent system is the best way to go . They are pricey but well worth the money . My daughter has used Avent since she was born and I have never had a problem with her burping nor has she ever spit up . Avent is the best !
 These are the best bottles ever ! They are a little `` pricey '' , but they are worth every penny . My baby gets very little air in her belly since we started with these bottles . They are heaven sent - my baby has a full happy little tummy !
 Avent makes great bottles ! I too , only have a leaking problem if I screw the top on wrong and start shaking like crazy ! The only complaint on this bottle is that it only makes 4 ounces . They should have made it a 5 ouncer so that it could last a few months longer . My son had no problem going from breast to bottle and vice versa with this bottle , as the nipple is larger and needs more sucking power to get any milk out . Plus , the pump attaches right to the bottle . All in all , it 's a great product .
 I really like the Avent bottles better than others . My baby had difficulty with breastfeeding and had to use a breast shield , so he was used to the plastic . When we decided to try a bottle for wee hour feedings , we tried Playtex , but he did n't like the flat nipples , and I do n't think he liked the latex taste very much . My lactation consultant suggested Avent because of the silicone newborn nipples . We used this , and once he got used to having a bottle at night , he took right off . The nipples still require the baby to suck pretty hard without just pouring out , so I did n't have as hard a time with him going back to breast during the rest of the day as I did with other brands . Also , we enjoy the Avent Bottle/Baby Food Warmer . All in all , I think these are superior to the others on the market .
 There are already hundreds of reviews with plenty of opinions , but one thing you might want to know is that the 9 oz three-pack comes with 1m + `` slow flow '' 2 hole nipples . -LRB- Not the 0m + newborn 1 hole nipples . -RRB-
 I have used this system for 9 weeks now . The bottle will leak if you do not tighten the ring enough or correctly - I test shake before I feed and if its wrong I unscrew and reseat the nipple . My daughter has less gas with these bottles than with the Playtex bottles I tried . If your child gags as one reviewer commented you need a slower nipple . I use the standard nipples and not the adjustable flow nipples . I have the adapter system that allows me to pump into the bottle and I like the convenience of being able to cap that bottle when done and refrigerator it until feeding time . These bottles do well in the dishwasher and clean up easily .
 I have been using Avent products for my firstborn since the day he is born . He is now nearly 6 months old and the bottles have not given me any problems . To counter the problem of leakage turn the cap counter-clockwise , hear a `` click '' before you screw on as per normal .
 Highly recommend if you are determined to breastfeed . I know it sounds strange that a bottle can help you breastfeed but Avent helped . When I brought my child home she did not know how to `` latch on '' . I pumped and used the avent system which taught my daughter how to `` latch on '' to the nipple . She was then able to transfer her new skill to my breasts . Thankfully , the `` training '' worked and I have been successfully breastfeeding now for 7 months . I still occassionally give her an avent bottle .
 I breastfed and formula fed my baby and the avent bottle was very good for me because it 's wide at the bottom of the nipple just like a breast , so the baby would suck fine from both and did n't realize the difference -LRB- like some baby does and then they do n't take one of the other anymore ! -RRB- . The only thing with Avent bottles is that they are n't the easiest to clean , but they are worth their price . Just make sure you tight kind of hard the cap otherwise it will leak . I will recommend them to people that breastfeed and bottlefeed .
 Avent bottles are the closest to mother 's breast as far as the nipples and the shape and quanity it holds is great . It is very easy to pump breast milk into . I have tried other bottles but i keep coming back to Avent they are the best . All Avent products are superior to all others.Mom of 2 children and one on the wayI will only use Avent for my kids.ThanksAna Soto , New York
 My baby and I started using these bottles a couple of days after she was born so that daddy could feed her when I was too tired . They are wonderful !! I did n't have any trouble with nipple confusion even though I started her on the bottle way before 6 weeks -LRB- a big breastfeeding no-no according to all I 've read -RRB- . My daughter showed no signs of being any more gassy after the bottle than after breastfeeding with the Avent bottles . We started out with the 4oz . but now we 've graduated to the 9oz . and we are both very happy . I have n't had any trouble with leaking , but maybe this is because I 've never tightened the lids too much . The lid goes on securely without leaking just screwing it on so I have n't felt they needed to be tightened . It 's easier to unscrew if you do n't over-tighten too . I like the way these bottles are bigger in diameter and not in height . The broadness of the bottle makes it much easier to clean , a real plus !
 I LOVE these bottles ! I ca n't say enough good things about them . They make transitioning breast to bottle extremely simple by eliminating nipple confusion . My son took to them right away . They are easy to clean and very durable . The nipples also last much longer than any other I have tried .
 I have a one month old preemie son . He had to stay in the hospital because he would n't eat ... typical of preemies . Anyway , of the different bottles we have -LRB- also used with my 3 year old daughter -RRB- he does best with these bottles ! Preemies are typically messy/sloppy eaters , but when we use the Avent bottles , he does SO much better ! Also , these nipples do n't colapse like the others do . We only have three 4 ounce bottles and I have told all of our family that is what they can get him for Christmas - the 8 or 9 ounce size - something he can use ! I have n't had any trouble with them leaking -LRB- including using them with my daughter -RRB- as others have written about until last night ... but , all I had to do was unscrew the lid and reattach it . I think the fact that it was 4 am and I was half asleep might 've had somehting to do with the leak ... I simply reattached it and it was just fine ! I do n't see the leakage problem and am really pleased with our experience with the Avent bottles . I really like the fact they 're larger and easier to clean , too ... that 's just an added bonus for us ! I will definitely recommend these bottles to others !
 I have been using Avent bottles for 5 months and was unaware of any problems with leakage until I read these reviews . I purchased the breast pump pack with bottles in Australia , where I 'm from , and used them several times a week when I needed someone else to feed my baby breast milk . My breast milk became ineffective after 4 months so I am using the bottles full time to feed my baby formula and still have never experienced leakage . I 've also purchased bottles from here in the U.S. and still had no problems . I 'll admit too that I 'm not a good one for reading instructions so after sterilising the bottles they are sometimes assembled dry and sometimes wet ... I did n't know it made a difference -LRB- obviously it does n't -RRB- . Mine have always been hand washed though . I do n't like to put them in the dishwasher . From someone who breastfed for 4 months before putting my baby onto formula I find the Avent nipples excellent and simulate a real nipple very well . My baby 's lips sit over and under the rounded part of the nipple just as they did on my breast . My baby also has trouble bringing up wind but the problem is nowhere near as bad when he uses the Avent nipples as I 've been able to control the flow with their numbered system ... he takes in nowhere near as much air as a nice slow flow prevents him from having to gulp quickly . I could n't be more pleased with the performance of Avent bottles .
 Do n't know why some people say these leak . We never had that problem and we use these bottles all the time and put them through the dishwasher after every use . Very strange that some people have this problem and others do n't ??? Anyway , our baby does very well w/these bottles .
 We have to admit that after 3 weeks of our son crying after feeding time even though we burped him and burped him he still had GAS !!!! We tried the Playtex Brand . We tried the Johnson 's Brand . He still got gas after feeding . I did some research and figured that the Avent system just might work . He took to it without fussing and low and behold NO GAS !!!! Of course there was the ususal burping , but afterward no crying and no gas . Thanks Avent ! To those out there who say they get the dribble when feeding , I say
 I love these bottles . My Amelia is hardly every gassy with them . As for the leaking issue , it is Not the bottle , it 's the user!Bottle use de-mystified
 I 'm a breastfeeding mom who had to supplement with formula from the time my son was 3 days old . After each bottle feeding , he would have a terrible time with spit-up , gas and general fussiness . We tried several feeding systems to help with this , including Dr. Brown 's , Playtex , and Avent . Avent was the clear winner in our household.First , the product does what it claims - it reduces the amount of air baby consumes , therby reducing his gas and tummy aches . We had similar results with Dr. Brown 's , but Avent was easier to handle -LRB- smaller bottles , lighter weight -RRB- and faster to clean . Avent also has a wider variety of nipple sizes to accommate feeding patterns . Equally important , this bottle did not cause any nipple confusion . My son went back and forth between the bottle and breast with no problem.Leaking seems to be a common complaint . We have not experienced problems with leaking . The package insert tells you how to tighten the collar without causing a leak and that 's always worked for us . -LRB- Use the cap ; do n't over-tighten . -RRB- Similarly , I have no complaints about the price . Avent is certainly comparable to Dr. Brown 's , and to the Playtex nurser once you figure for the cost of the disposable liners.In all , I do believe that these are the best specialty bottles on the market .
 I used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars . I would be the first to tell you if they were not fixed just right they would leak . After trying all others once again with my daughter I decided to use these . When I went to buy new nipples I noticed they looked different . Oh , wow , what a diffrence . Baby is 4 months old and no leaks . The new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar . Then there is a lip that hugs the rim of the bottle to guard against leaks . The REALLY great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content . I tightened it as tight as I could and it did n't leak a bit . The new nipples have the words `` Extra Soft '' on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom . I am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weaned .
 These bottles are superior to any on the market . One of my daughter 's had severe reflux and used the variable flow nipple so that she could have cereal in the bottle . Avent is the only bottle company that offers this specific type of nipple , which was a life saver . I tried using the Soothie bottles with my other daughter , because they were cheaper and she has no signs of reflux and I figured what the heck . Wrong decision ! She ended up with a soaked face and bib every time . Mind you , my little one is a health , full-term newborn with no latching problems . So I switched back to the Avent bottles . Feedings are now mess-free and pleasant ! As for the leaking issue , people should just take the time to read the directions . Avent clearly states in their directions that if you over tighten the nipple ring onto the bottle , it causes the nipple to wrinkle and the bottle leaks . The nipple ring just needs to be tight enough for the nipple to grab the bottle and seal . It is specifically designed to do this . It 's not product error , it 's user error .
 I used the Avent System with my first child 2 years ago and plan on using it again with baby number 2 in a few months . My daughter adapted so well to this bottle after breastfeeding . I put the handles on the bottle when she was about 3 months old and by the time she was 4 months old she was holding her own bottle . We used the bottles all the way up to 9 months then I started her on the sippy cup lids -LRB- still using my bottle itself -RRB- . They are a little high priced but well worth the money . I am using the same bottles that I used for my daughter and am only replacing the nipples .
 I must say that I have only had our Avents bottles leak TWICE since my daughter was born 16 weeks ago . The bottles are just wonderful , easy to clean and very easy to read . Unfortunately I was unable to breastfeed and my daughter has had nothing but Avent -LRB- we have 18 bottles -RRB- and has had no problems with them yet . Like I mentioned I had two bottle leaks the entire time we have used them , and NEVER had and tummy troubles with my baby . I would recommend these bottles 100 times over to anyone that asks my opinion !
 I have been using these bottles for about 7 weeks now . My daughter is 8 weeks old . We switched to these bottles because of other reviews that they helped with gas and colic . Well , they did not seem to help that problem at all for our daughter . We have not experienced the leaking that seems the plaque other users of these bottles , and overall I rather like the system . I only gave 4 stars because they did not help with gas as advertised .
 When my daughter was born I bought the avent breast pump and bottles because of all the wonderful reviews i have read about them . the bottles really are amazing . after a while i stopped producing milk and had to formula feed , so i decide to try some of the other bottles out of curiosity . we tried the new bottles from gerber , evenflo , playtex , -LRB- these bottles seemed to be similar to avent , but really were just cheap immitations -RRB- ... but after trying them all , we decided that we had wasted our money with the immitations , and got our avent bottles back out of the closet . theyre wonderful for breastmilk and formula feeding ! i wouldnt ever try anything else again !
 After I quit tightening the bottles with all my might , they worked perfectly . I loved the way they looked and that they were wide mouthed and easy to clean . They didnt have those cheesy cartoon characters on them like the dollar store bottles and that they change into sippie cups too.I will use them again with the baby I am carrying now that is due in 4 months .
 This 9 Oz . bottle offer the best to my baby who have been using it since she was born . Less air is being inserted to the little tumy , means less crying and more comfort . I will use them again for my second child.From , First Time Mom NY City
 I have been so pleased with Avent . Everything about these bottles is wonderful . This is my third child and the first to use Avent , I wish I would have had these with the other two children . They are so easy to clean and to fill . I have the breast pump and it all works so smoothly together ! I had heard negative feedback about them leaking and such but I have not had a problem at all ! And my son switches back and forth from bottle to breast with such ease ! Trust me on this one , do n't mess around with the others just add the Avent bottles to your registery or buy them now ! : -RRB-
 I think these are the best bottle out there . . ive never had a leaking problem . . these were the only bottles my son liked . . i am having another and bought ventaire bottles to try but after reading the reviews im taking them back and sticking to my avent !
 I am a mother of 2 and have been using these bottles for my two babies , I never had any problems with them both my children loved them . If you do not follow the manufacturer 's instructions on anything you end up with the unlikely result which is leakage
 According to my experience , it wo n't leak at all if you screw the top on properly . Maybe those other mommies screw it on too tight , which can cause leaking . The instructions say that can happen . I still recommend this product to all my friends because they are really the best among all !
 I used the Avent bottles for my son , who is now 3 and a half . I loved them . He had trouble nursing at first , and took my pumped milk from these bottles easily . He had no trouble switching from breast to bottle for 13 months !! The only time that they leak is if you try to put the nipples that belong on the disposable system -LRB- the bags that go into a plastic frame -RRB- onto the NON disposable bottles . The disposable type nipples have a blue color , where the bottle nipples are clear.I recommend these bottles to anyone , as long as they use them correctly .
 My sister started using these bottles 5 years ago . I had a baby at the same time she did and used the regular cheaper bottles . My daughter was colicky and fussy all of the time . My nephew was not.This year I gave birth and decided to try the Avent bottles for myself . I LOVE these bottles !! My son is happy with very little gas . The bottles are clear and easy to clean . They do leak every once in awhile . Only if YOU do not put the lid on straight . All in all I am happy with Avent . Avent cost more than other bottles BUT I found that I dont need as many as I did with the cheaper bottles . The nipples last a long time and fit nice and snug . I highly recomend Avent .
 I love these bottles ! We tried to use the playtex disposables but it was to hard to monitor what my son was eating . We had received a free Avent bottle from the hospital and my son loved it ! I will admit that the bottles can have a leaking problem but it usually happens if the lid is overtightened . As a good mom I decided to buy one of the Dr Brown bottles , my son hated it and for the first and only time in his 5 weeks he spit up the entire 3 ounces ! We also purchased the microwave sterilizer and it is a life saver , I will buy that for every baby shower I attend !
 But then , it 's not about what I think . So more importantly , my son loves them too . I recieved a set of more generic bottles as a gift when my son was born . The nipples that came with them were great shape wise but the flow was way too fast and he was practically choking on milk . So my husband and I bought newborn nipples at the store and the flow was great but the shape was flat and he had troubles with them . He did n't know what to do with them and constantly fought with them working himself into a frenzy of hunger and frustration . Once he got latched on he was fine but that was always a process.These advent bottles are great and the perfect compromise ! They have the shape he understands and the flow he needs . They are more exspensive then your average generic bottle , but who cares ? As far as I 'm concerned money is n't an issue if it means he 's happy and eating . And as far as the `` leak '' goes , I noticed a slight one when I shook the bottle , but when he was eating there was n't a leak to be found . Maybe I lucked out and had the lid screwed on perfect on the first try , but I 'm guessing not . Then again , who cares ? If I have to spend an extra moment to fix the lid , it 's better than 5 minutes of my newborn screaming as he fights a bottle he does n't like.All in all I recommend these bottles to anyone and everyone . They are great starter bottles since they come with the newborn nipples . And replacement nipples are easy to find as babies grow and need different milk flows . And if you baby is anything like my son , they will love the bottle , and that 's what matters !
 I like the bottles . Have only had trouble with leaking a few times when I had the cap to tight . You just have to take off the lid and start over . Good system .
 These are great bottles . My daughter has used these since she was a few weeks old . She is now 10 months old and is still using them with the trainer handles . These bottles do n't leak . All bottles will leak if you do n't screw the ring on tight enough which creates the seal . The design of these bottles do n't cause the vaccuum inside that other bottles do . You do n't have to pull the nipple out of your baby 's mouth every thirty seconds to let air back in like you do with Gerber and Evenflo straight bottles . An added bonus , the sippy lids and handles fit the bottles too . I would highly recommend these . They are higher in price but well worth it .
 I am a breastfeeding mother but these are great with my Avent Isis Breast Pump ... they wash so well and the quality is great !
 Ever since the day my daughter got home from the hospital she has been using the Avent bottles . For a few days even the Stage 1 nipples were a little too fast for her , but she got used to it . She loves the nipple shape which is so much like my breast . In all actuality i like the bottle , but my little Aliya loves it . After introducing her to Avent she rejected most other bottles , she would n't even take the new Ventair bottles . A great product !
 I had problems with my Avent bottles leaking also . I mentioned this problem to my sister , and she said that I was screwing the lid on too tight . I know other reviews have mentioned that loosening the lid did n't help them , but it worked for me . My bottles have never leaked again . The lid does n't need to be screwed on very tight at all . It also helps to line up the mark on the side of the lid with the top of the bottle that does n't have ridges . I hope this helps . I know it ended my frustration .
 I exclusively use breastmilk and I love these bottles . The best part is so does my daughter . She is 2 weeks old and easily goes back and forth from breast to bottle . She has only spit up one time and she has no more gas from these bottles than when she breastfeeds.Even though I received these as a gift I would not hesitate to buy them .
 I like the bottles but the leaking is an occasional problem . I have just read the suggestions on this feedback forum and will try not to overtighten the bottles . I have n't tried any other type of bottle so I can not really compare them but I do know that when I do have to burp my baby , he seems to burp with just a few pats on the back . Very easy . I think the bottles have something to do with this . UPDATE ... After using these a year now I can say the fix-all is indeed not to overtighten the lid . I read later it distorts the silicon of the nipple causing the leak . Once I figured that out , I quit hurling them leaking and full against the wall .
 We use Platex disposable bottles and these , Avent bottles . My baby takes both kind with no problems , and did so when I was breastfeeding and had to go to work . Both are good bottles and have things I like . Avent are quick to clean , easy to assemble , have cool design , do not require a lot of storage space and are good for gassy babies . I liked the nipple design for switching from breast to bottle . The only thing I did n't like , is that you have to be careful how tight you screw the nipple assembly on . Too tight results in leaking , my husband puts them on too tight often . I think Avent should try to fix that . When you are in a hurry , you can over tighten very easily . Also , if you do n't put the cap on the nipple just right , the formula/milk leaks out of the nipple in the cap when you shake it , so when you take the cap out , the contents leak out . Overall , if you are a little careful , I am very pleased with these bottles . Got ta keep reminding my husband , he is too strong for these ; - -RRB-
 We switched to these bottles around our son 's 4th month - prior to that we were using the Playtex Vent Aire bottles . Compared to the Playtex , the Avent bottles are MUCH better . The Playtex bottles have FIVE pieces -LRB- nipple , nipple ring , bottle shaft , air filter and screw-on bottom -RRB- . Too often , when one of us would shake the Playtex bottle with formula , it leaked and we would have to take the entire bottle apart again to find the leak . Meanwhile `` The Baby '' -LRB- tm -RRB- cries like he has n't been fed in four days.The Avent bottles leak every once in awhile when shaken , but I have found the fault is my own - I just do n't have the nipple ring tightened completely . Fortunately its a quick fix and the little nipper is satisfied much faster . There are only three parts - bottle , nipple and nipple ring -LRB- four if you count the bottle cover -RRB- - so clean up is SO much easier . These bottles can be washed in in a jiffy . Plus , the size is nice - up to 9 oz. , depending on what your kid needs/wants . The size is also nice for holding the bottle - I find they fit nicely in my meaty paws . Our son likes them too - he can easily hold an Avent with both hands now . Overall they are nice bottles .
 I purchased these bottles with my first child , before I had any idea on what brands were good and what were n't . My first surprise came when I pulled the bottle out of the refrigerator and began to shake it up . Milk leaked through the seal and all over the place , giving me a shower . Apparently , the bottles only seal correctly if they are warm . After this realization , I did n't have that problem again.The interchangeability of the system -LRB- sippy cups , bottles , breast pumps etc. -RRB- is outstanding . I love the fact that my son has stuck with the same bottles since day one and is now 6 months old.However , now that the bottles have been used for 6 months , I am starting to notice that the threads do n't line up right anymore and I can give myself another `` shower '' when I shake up the bottle . It is quickly fixed when I take the cap off and screw it back on.The bottles themselves are outstanding . The chunky design seems easier for my son to grab ahold . I 've never had a problem with too many air bubbles . The size one nipple was perfect for him when he was younger , and the size two is great now . I still shift between the two sizes depending on what I 'm serving in his bottle.I love the Avent bottles and the Avent product line in general .
 I use both the 4 oz . and 9 oz . bottles . They are absolutely wonderful ! We tried a number of different bottles , and this by far is the best . The doctor 's tell you not to microwave the bottles , but these are the perfect size if you have a 2-shelf microwave because they fit easily on the bottom . I was a little concerned at first when my baby went to straight formula instead of breastmilk because she spit up a lot . This was not the fault of the bottle though , as she was just adjusting to a completely different substance in her tummy . The only thing is if you want to add cereal into your baby 's bottle , these are not the bottles/nipples for you . The nipple has little holes , not a cross-hatch , so any amount of cereal is too thick to go through the holes . But besides that , these are wonderful bottles !
 We switched my 2 month old to this bottle after the first month . We started on Playtex bottles , but after him sucking for an hour on their slow-flow nipple we wanted to change to medium flow . Playtex 's medium flow nipple is a different shape/texture ! Since we 've switched , we 've had No problems ! Avent has several different flow rates for their nipples , and all are the same shape . I also like the idea of transitioning to sippy cups . I , too , have had some problems with leakage , but its few and far between . And it sure beats trying to fit a liner into the bottle while holding baby !
 The Avent bottles work great for my daughter . I used them when I transitioned her from breastfeeding to formula . As long as you follow the directions to put the nipples and rings together , there is no problem with leaking .
 I purchased these bottles to be used occasionally as I am breastfeeding , for whenever I need a break or when it 's Daddy 's turn to feed the baby . So far they have been great . My son has no problem switching between bottle and breast . These bottles get used about every other day and are washed and sterilized after each use -LRB- with the especially for baby microwave sterilizer -- great product -RRB- . I have had no problems with warping of the plastic or nipples cracking . They look just like new . I also have had no problems with leaky bottles , even when they are laying sideways in the diaper bag -LRB- although I try to make sure that they do n't -RRB- . The only thing is that you do n't end up using the newborn nipples for very long before you have to upgrade to a faster flow . But that is a given I think ... I also own the avent pacifiers which my son loves , and mine did n't have any hard edges on them.The best way to keep any bottles in good shape is to wash or at least soak them directly after use to avoid having milk harden in them . And `` Munchkin '' makes a totally cool bottle brush that suctions to the sink so it is always clean and handy that can be found at Target .
 I have been using these bottles for about 5 months now . I really like them . They do leak on occasion for me , usally when I do not have the top screwed on right . I find that if the seal between the nipple & the bottle is not right , then you will get a leak . I solve this problem by just unscrewing the nipple/lid and then rescrewing it on SLOWLY so I know it is getting a good tight even seal . This always works !
 These bottles are great . I wish I would have ordered the 9 oz bottles though as now that my baby is 5 months , I have to mix 2 4oz bottles each meal time which is a little inconvienient . These are great for babies that are 3 months or less .
 I have 4 children . I have used just about every type and brand of bottles on the market . I am stopping with Avent . Mainly because of the microwave sterilizer . As far as stopping gas , I have yet to find and bottle that does that .
 I like this bottle becouse it is easy to clean , and does not have a lot of parts to it!The one bad thing is for what ever reason once in a while the bottle leaks !!! You do not know it till you have soaked the baby which means you need to change the little one AGAIN .
 These bottles are wonderful ! I breastfed and bottle fed my daughter from the begining . She did n't have any problem with nipple confusion at all , but as she got a little older , she did n't know how to suck on the regular nipples . I was using Evenflo Sensitive Response nipples . So , when I bought the Isis pump , I found my daughter LOVED these bottles . She knew right away how to suck on them , and unlike the Evenflo nipples , the milk did not run all down her chin . I like the fact that I can pump both sides using one bottle , unlike with the 4 oz . bottles , where I have to switch for each side . They are a bit expensive , but it definatly is worth it .
 My son is now 7 months old and he absolutely loves his Avent nursers . I use both the disposable bottles as well as the reusable ones and I have never encountered a problem with leaking . The bottle leaked once , but it was because if you use a nipple that was made for the disposable bottle on top of the reusable bottle , it does n't work . It 's not difficult to tell the difference between the nipples , one is a light blue color and the other is clear . I have tried all kinds of bottles , from Evenflo , Gerber , Playtex , and I like Avent the best . It can be a bit pricy , but it works and it works well .
 The Avent bottle system is the best . i have a 2 month old baby and he loves this bottle . I nurse him most of the time , but when I need a break from it , he takes it with NO problem.I started with the playtex system that had a 5 star rating and I hated them.Thanks , Jason 's MOM
 I bought these bottles because my lactation consultant recommended them to me . Now I really like them . I did have to buy an adapter for my Medela pump so I could pump directly into them.That tells you I breast feed and use bottles . I have never had a problem with both methods.As far as buying the nipples for these -- at 5 months , 18lbs and a solid food eater , my baby is just ready to move to the # 2 sized nipple . So there might be something about how quickly the milk exits the bottle with the nipple.I was just at the store and realized that there are adapters for these bottles to turn them into sippy cups . What a deal and money saver . With the wide mouth , they also make good baby food jars . So , it 's money well spent when you can keep using them as the baby grows.I have notices some leaking , but it 's really when you over screw the top .
 I love this bottle . The wider opening and changeable nipples for different speeds is wonderful . Multiple measurements listed on the sides is helpful as well . Design does not interfere with breastfeeding . I would recommend buying all of these in the 9 oz . bottles only though since by 4 months you will be needing them anyhow . the larger size is also easier for baby to hold herself . They lids can leak if you do n't tighten them as hard as you can as well . Not a huge deal just check it before feeding .
 I was recommended to use Avent bottles for my baby when she was born by a friend and I totally do n't regret it ! They are the best bottles I have used , my 4 month old daughter loves them and will only use Avent . Any other she will spit out . They spit up less , and less gas enters the bottle ! They are great especially for first time moms !
 I love these bottles . I really like them because it is smooth feeding for the baby . When the baby is sucking it does not sound like the baby can not keep up with the flow of the formula .
 We 've tried a few other bottles , but we like these the best . Because they are so wide , they 're easier to clean . They are also easier to mix -LRB- shake -RRB- formula in them . We have some other bottles that are narrow at the top , and they just do n't mix formula as well . We end up with big chunks at the bottom . As for the gas issue , well , I do n't know if they really help that much or not . Some babies just have gas no matter what you do .
 I am a first time mom so I had no clue as to what kind of bottles to use . Family members had told me about Avent and how great they were . And were they right !! This bottles are easy to use and clean . The nipples are wide so that helps when my daughter has to take a bottle instead of me breastfeeding her . I ca n't compare them with any other bottle because I solely use Avent . I would never change . I would defintely recommend these bottles to anyone .
 These are our favorite bottles . We tried others , but our son preferred these . He has very little trouble with burping or gas , and I suspect that some gassiness is normal , so the type of bottle would n't matter . If milk comes out of the corners of your baby 's mouth , you need to switch to a different nipple with a smaller number on it . As they get older , you need to switch to a higher numbered nipple . The only trouble
 These are absolutely the best bottles !!!! We tried several different kinds with our son , and he did the best with these . They reduced gas and spitting up . They did not leak at all ! When your baby is a little older , these can even be converted into a sippy cup , you would just need to purchase the handles and the top !!! These definately worked the best for us !
 We have tried many different kinds of bottles , and these have been the best !!! They do n't leak at all , and our son had much less gas and spitting up after using these . You can even change them out to make them a sippy cup when your baby is ready ! Highly Recommended ! Definately the best bottles !
 I am very glad to report that the avent bottle have been the best inventions ever . My daughter drank from them with no problem and was never gassy . They are the best !
 I love these bottles , and will never use anything else . I have read the other reviews , and want to say that I have had the bottle leak a time or two , but found out it was because I did n't screw the cap on correctly . If you take the cap off , and rescrew it on , it wo n't leak . Also , to the person who says that they create bubbles , it is the formula that creates the bubbles , not the bottle . I went from a popular name brand formula to a store brand , which resulted in me going from total bubbles to none . Some powdered formulas have more acid in them , which makes them bubble , it 's NOT the bottle .
 We are very pleased with our Avent purchases . We have no leakage problems and these wide bottles are easy to wash . I am not sure if other systems have this , but Avent has `` adjustable flow '' nipples . These nipples have 3 settings for flow , depending on how you hold the bottle . So , when our baby grows and needs more flow , we do n't have to buy new nipples or poke new holes . Avent also has a small microwave sterilizer that can sterilize 4 bottles at a time ... we use it all the time for bottles , pacifiers , etc. .
 I think that it 's the best one I 've used so far for my baby . A wonderful product and worth every penny . :--RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I bought the Avent system because it was said to be the best bottle system out there and the price reflected that . I love it , except ... if you do not put the nipple in the cap correctly and screw it to the bottle the proper way ... . yes it does leak as other reviewers pointed out . However , now that I know the proper way to do it , I have had no more leaks from the sides of the bottle . Another thing is that all the bottles come standard with `` Newborn flow '' nipples . My newborn son hated those nipples because he could hardly get anything out of them . 3am in the morning I am calling Avent and discovering the bottles came standard with newborn flow nipples ... . which I didnt know because the box does n't say this or I missed it . He needed the `` slow flow '' nipple . Next day , I bought those nipples and have n't had a problem since . My 5 mos old son has been using Avent since birth and after the nipple fiasco was solved ... . LOVES his bottles ! They hardly caused him any gas . Only a handful of times did he have gas problems . This bottle doesnt take away gas , it minimizes it . No bottle is a magic bottle . They are very durable in the dishwasher . The wide opening allows easy access to sponge wash the inside . Easy to hold for me and for my son who is learning to hold it now . The actual nipple is a nice size for sucking . This is the best bottle system in my oppinion . It works for us !
 I READ SOME NEGATIVE REVIEWS ABOUT THESE BOTTLES AND HAD TO PUT MY TWO CENTS IN BECAUSE I JUST ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE BOTTLES ALL THE WAY AROUND . I DO N'T SEE WHAT THE PROBLEM IS ? I HAVE NEVER HAD ANY SORT OF PROBLEM WITH THESE BOTTLES AT ALL . LEAKING ? HOW DO YOU INCORRECTLY SCREW THEM ON OR NOT PULL THE NIPPLE THROUGH CORRECTLY ? AND SIZE ? SURE THEY OUT GROW THEM FOR MILK AS ALL BOTTLES THAT START OUT SMALL BUT THEIR PERFECT FOR JUICE LATER . YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BUY A SEPERATE SIPPY CUP JUST BUY THE ATTACHMENT THAT FITS RIGHT ON THESE BOTTLES . AND EASY TO HOLD WITH OR WITHOUT THE HANDLES . I 'VE USED ALL THE AVENT PRODUCTS AND I 'M JUST A BIG SUPPORTER . AND EVERYONE I KNOW USES THEM TOO .
 I breastfed my daughter for the first 2 months no bottles were introduced at all until I went back to work and she had no confusion , no problem at all with these bottles/nipples . Worked like a charm . I was able to continue breasfeeding and using the bottles combo for 6 months ! Never had a problem . I highly highly recommend these bottles especially for breastfed babies . p.s. I used all the avent bottles available and recommend them all . I also used the avent isis breast pump which I also highly recommend for working Mom 's so easy to use at the office privately , it was simple and small enough to carry around . p.p.s I even have girlfriends that did n't breastfeed that love these bottles they 're great for everyone .
 I read one of the reviews - the customer was not satisifed because the bottles leaked everywhere . You have to watch for the blue or clear nipples . Blue would be for breastfeeding bottles using the disposable bags and the clear are for the regular bottles . Everything about these bottles are great from cleaning , to heating and my child has never had a problem with air.I totally recommend these bottles . I am a first time Mom and we are completely satisifed .
 I like these so much . Our first child used the Playtex ones becarse he had a problem spitting up and was collicy . I did n't want to go though the collicy thing again so I got these bottles . I just wished that I knew about these 2 years ago . They are great ! I like the wide opening because they are easy to clean . The best thing is no liners to buy !
 This bottle is great , I especially like the fact that it can atatch to the pump for pumping on the go or while traveling in the car . I have n't had any trouble with it leaking , and my baby prefers this bottle over any other I 've tried .
 I 've read serveral reviews on this product throughout my prenancy and most of them said that these bottles leak . I almost did ` nt use the Avent bottles i got at my shower because of the horrible reviews . When my son was about to be born i asked a friend of mine who had used Avent with both of her children and she explained to me that the bottles only leak when you screw the cap on wrong . She told me that people are lazy and should call the company when they have problems . The proper way to screw the cap on is to screw it on with the cover on it . Make sure you dont screw it on too tight as well . My son is not born yet , but know that i know how to prevent leakage with these bottles i will give them a try .
 My child had no problem switching from these nipples to breastfeeding . He used them since he was 3days old and home from the hospital for his supplemented bottle . He experiences no gas and what I especially love is that when he is ready for sippy cups all I have to do is buy the new tops that fit right on these same bottles . Instant Sippy Cups ! I do n't have to buy all new things . Brillant Product Thanks !
 I have been using nothing but these bottles for the first 6 months of my baby 's life . Yes they WILL LEAK if you do n't pull the nipple all the way through . But that is an easy fix ! I never had an issue with my baby falling asleep during a feeding or the flow being too fast . And colic has never been a problem here either.I breastfeed and pump for my baby and I found that she went easily from bottle to breast as early as 2 weeks old . I attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.Also these can be converted to sippy cups . They are very durable as well and so easy to clean . I threw all the other bottles I got as a shower gift right out in the trash - my baby will not drink from them .
 This is the only bottle I would buy ! They were as close to breastfeeding as could be . My two week old had no problem with the switch while I was hospitalized for a week . After this time we went back to breastfeeding only , at six months I lost my milk and my infant had no problem with the switch . Other bottles were rejected .
 We purchased many different kinds of bottles for our son . He had colic so we focused on the Dr. Browns bottles -LRB- AWFUL !! -RRB- and the AVENT . We have had nothing but luck with these bottles . i have at least 15 of them between the 4 oz and the 9 oz . NONE of mine have EVER leaked !! The nice thing part is as your baby gets older you can change the nipple to accommodate him and when he gets old enough the bottles can be converted into the AVENT `` Magic Cup . '' -LRB- the sippie cup -RRB- Thus saving another trip to the store later on . We have gotten rid of the rest of our bottles and continue to have GREAT luck with these !! I suggest these to everyone !
 First tried vent aire system with nothing but problems from leaking to being a pain to clean with so many seperate parts . Switched to avent and have not had any problems and my newborn switches between bottle and breast without any confusion with these nipples . No leaking issues either . I would highly recommend these bottles .
 These bottles are the perfect size and work great with the Avent Isis breast pump . I never had a problem with them leaking at all . You can freeze with them too . The 4 oz . size is perfect for the breastfeeding mother . The milk does n't come out fast at all . Great bottles .
 I used this system for my son . He easily switched back and forth between breast and bottle , even at an early age , and never had problems . The wide mouth is great for mixing forumla . It will leak if you do n't screw it on just right , but that 's the parent 's fault , not the bottle 's ! He never had a problem with gas or spit up , and transitioned into the sippy cup easily with the Magic Cups and the bottles being interchangeable . I am pregnant again and would never consider using anything else ! I am looking forward to the new disposable cups .
 I used this brand of bottles for both of my babies and had little to no problems with them . My husband and I both appreciated the large neck opening on the bottle . It made them easier to clean and easier to prepare formula in . The bottle shape was easy to hold for both my husband and I and our little girls . We liked being able to choose from the different nipple sizes . Since the nipples were clear , we were able to make sure the milk flow was constant . We did have some problems with some of the nipples leaking , but we made sure the nipple was properly pulled through the collar . And we found it was sometimes just one nipple -LRB- which we would just toss in the trash ! -RRB- And they are very easy to use with the Avent Isis . Now that our girls are no longer on the bottle , they love to use them in the bath tub !
 I loved the Avent bottles . I am breastfeeding my son and needed a bottle that would be like my breasts . At first i used the Playtex Vent-Air , but when i would breast feed him he would be confused , but none of this happened with Avent !
 I have had nothing but good luck with Avent products - They are the best for reducing gas and colic.These bottles will leak ONLY if you screw the lid on too tight !!! If you are having problems , loosen the the top and the problem will be quickly remedied - Too many people think they need to be tightly sealed when really they only need to be barely attached to work correctly !
 Avent bottles are one of the best out there . Handy and easy to clean . They protect your baby from getting gas while he eats . But if your baby is really gasy and has colic , I recomend you the Dr brown bottles . I suggest you buy or register for both -LRB- avent and dr brown -RRB- so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent , and if not , you use dr brown -LRB- at least for a while -RRB- . You will notice the difference in a few weeks . But I most tell you avent work very well with gasy babies , so if you dont want to invest too much money in bottles , avent will do great .
 The last time I had a baby was 15 years ago and things have come a long way since then ! When I chose bottles as a breastfeeding backup for my new baby , my friends recommended the Avent system . I did n't even read the instructions and have not had any problems with leaking . I only have two issues . My baby has a very strong sucking reflex ; not an issue when nursing from the breast , but he tends to chug when bottle feeding . I am sure that would happen with any kind of bottle . The other is that I have been unable to find spare nipples online . The nearest Babies ` R'Us is quite a drive !
 This bottle is overall a good purchase although there is a tendacy to leak . It is best used by breast feeding mothers as a supplement bottle due to the smaller size because you rarely need more than 4 oz for the supplement . The 9 oz bottle does n't have any markings for under 2 oz preventing accurate measurement of the childs intake . As with all baby products , diferent children prefer different things but in my experience this nipple does closer resemble the nipple of a breast and my 2 week old son agrees . The wide neck is great for cleaning and filling .
 This is a great bottle once you get to know it . Well with a baby you are constantly doing research anyway , so make sure you research this one before you buy . I loved it as soon as I figured that it took no effort to use at all . With other bottles you have to tighten the lid tight , but this one you just put on till it seats -LRB- if you over tighten it will leak -RRB- . Also they have the different flow nipples unlike many other bottles . They are easy to clean , store and my baby can hold on to them easier . I love them and would recomend them to everyone ... just do some reading , or you can call the toll free number they give you on the package and ask them all the questions . They are very helpful to frustrated moms and even replaced some nipples I was having problems with -- free of charge !!
 I have been able to switch between breast and bottle due to these bottles . These are the best bottles available in my opinion . Here is what I like about them :1 - Durable . They have lasted through countless droppings , washings , and several babies . I have replaced the nipples but the bottles are great .2 - the size . They have wide mouths that makes it easier to clean them . It makes it easier to put formula in them without spilling any . They are also big and round which helps little fingers hold on to them .3 - The nipples . I like that the nipples are silicon . In my opinion the silicon is easier to clean , collects less dirt when dropped on the floor and generally seems to last longer . Furthermore and more importantly , my children seem to prefer silicon . I also think these nipples are more breast like than any other nipples out there . This makes it easier for the baby to switch between the breast and bottle .4 - They grow with the child . The nipples come in various flows from newborn to older children . You can also get sippy cup handles and sippy cup nipples.Overall , I think this is a great feeding system . If you pump look into the aven isis pump . It worked great for me . I think these bottles are the best available and would n't use anything else .
 These are very good bottles . I have experienced some leaks as others have stated , so I went back to the directions and it says to make sure the nipple is WET , put the ring on , then put the cap on . After that , put it on the bottle , but do not tighten it too tight , just until it is locked in.When the nipple is wet , it makes a seal , like suction , sometimes you can even hear it when you put the cap on . I still get a leak here and there , but I just open the cap , rewet the nipple and replace . Leak ... all gone!So , do n't be put off by those who did not read the directions and gave up and returned them . They do work ! Hope that helps !
 I absolutely love the Avent system . My son started with these bottles as an infant , taking both breast milk and formula from them . He had is first sippy cup at 3 months and was completely off nipples by 7 months . I believe this transition was made so easy due to the Avent system . Everything can be used together , bottle rings go on cups , toddler spouts go on bottles , what could be easier . I never had a leaking problem by screwing on too tight . Of course any bottle or cup left upside down for a long period of time will leak , that is true with any brand you choose . I believe the Avent system is well worth the money . I recommend this system to anyone that wants durability and quality .
 These bottles are great ! My breastfed baby took to them very easily , and now that she 's older , the 4oz size makes a very good container to put cereal and other solid foods in -LRB- with the sealing discs -RRB- . A benefit to these bottles is their ability to effectively and easily reduce the amount of air the baby swallows . As she is drinking from the bottle , you can actually see the air bubbles being released into the bottle in between sucks.In response to other posts about the bottles leaking , we have only used these bottles , and they have never leaked -LRB- even with mommy hurrying to pack bottles when running late -RRB- . I have even dropped a bottle full of milk on the floor -LRB- several times -RRB- , no leaks!I love that you can interchange the nipples and sealing discs , so I can have bottles or storage containers , depending on what I need ! I also bought the Avent Breastpump Conversion kit -LRB- $ 9 -RRB- , so I can use my Medela pump to pump directly into the Avent bottles.All the bottle parts are dishwasher-safe , but I choose to clean the nipples myself with a nipple brush , just to be thorough . The rings , sealing discs , caps , and bottles themselves clean up very well in the dishwasher.These bottles are durable ! Like I said , I have dropped them on the floor , pumped into them , run them through the dishwasher , sterilized them , boiled them -LRB- before I had a sterilizer -RRB- , and they do n't show any signs of wear at all ! The bottles themselves are a very hard plastic , which can go through several babies without any problems . The nipples are a softer silicone , but are thick enough that they hold up great too .
 I , too , have experienced the bottles leaking , which is very frustrating at 3 in the morning when you are half sleep and feeding the baby by a nightlight . The bottles do not leak around the nipple -LRB- which is what I think one mother thought when she mentioned that it leaked b/c she did n't put the nipple in correctly -RRB- but it leaks from the base that you screw onto the bottle . I ca n't figure out exactly why they do this occurs because I have screwed them on tight everytime . Great bottle , but they are hit-or-miss with the occasional leaks .
 Come on now , ladies ... As a mom of 4 , 41 years old , former child care provider , I have dealt with a lot of bottles . I can tell you that if you screw the lid on ANY bottle too tight , it IS going to leak . Solution ? Shake the bottle well before popping it into your dear one 's little mouth . If it should leak , loosen it , and screw it on again , do a test shake , and you 're off ! We recently adopted two little ones -LRB- my older ones are 11 and 9 , the little onesare 22 months and 5 months -RRB- , and my youngest is the first baby I 've fed exclusively with a bottle . I have been very pleased with the ease of use of the Avent bottles , especially with how easy they are to clean .
 First of all I do not know why everyone is getting leakage from this bottle . My baby was born 1/23/2004 . I bought 9-10 Avent bottles and 1 -LRB- 4ounce -RRB- bottle from Babies R Us and some from Target . And not once , and I repeat once did I experience ANY leaking . The ONLY leaking I got is from my baby 's mouth when he 's full or when he spits out formula . Yes , I also put it in my diaper bag and it doesnt leak . Also , after I get it out from the Munchkin bottle warmer and shake it up even after tightening the ring I get NO leak !!! . . I guess some people do not know how to follow directions . . Also , my baby sleeps real good after feeding . . Do n't have to burp him as much either ... I can tell these bottles really do reduce colic in infants . . I had my 1st kid 6 years ago and used cheap bottles and bought them for the design and I had to change her formula 3 times because she was soooo gassyy with them . . and she didnt burp as much . . Maybe my 1st kid wasnt lactore intolerant kid maybe its the cheap bottles I bought , playtex , gerber etc. . I should have used these bottles with her and would not have the colicky , crying , fussy issue . . Sure they are pricey !! But what does price have to do with the care and comfort of you lil ones tummy ?? Not bad for % 5-6 bucks each per bottle . . Cheap bottles will cost you $ 2 less but you have to deal with the headache . . Also , Aven makes variable nipples for when they are ready to have cereal on their bottle . . It comes with slow , medium and fast flow . . Hey what else can you ask for ?? Avent really made a difference with my baby . . Also , if you have the money to spend do buy the electric Avent sterilizer , I did . . And it was a life saver . . I give it a 5 star as well . . It 's wash , plug and go . . So , hopefully my review helped you mothers out there that are reading other people bad feedback about these bottles ... I guarantee you . . You will be satisfied you bought them ...
 I breast fed for 8 months straight ... and when it came time to use a bottle this is the ONLY one my child would use . Believe me I tried ALL of them.Pros
 These bottles are the best out there . I love that they are not long , I can hold the bottle & touch my daughter 's face with the same hand ! The nipples are wonderful , I can easily switch back & forth from nuring to bottle-feeding . If you have the Avent pump , you can pump directly into these bottles as well . My daughter was tiny & had the smallest mouth , yet she had no problem with the Avent nipples , they are the most like mom 's ! Another great feature , the 3 different types of nipples , based on baby 's age & flow of liquid through nipple -- an awesome feature/product ! Avent products are the baby gift I give to everyone I know !
 I really love these Avent bottles . We have been using them since my daughter was 2 weeks old . I originally bought the Playtex Nursers with the disposable liners . I returned all 5 of them -LRB- unopened -RRB- after having tried one of them . It was too hard to measure the formula and it seemed silly to continue to buy expensive liners for the entire life of the bottles when I could just wash regular bottles out with soap and warm water . Anyway , I bought and she loved the Avent bottles . They are a great size for gripping - even the little 4oz bottles . And the wide mouth makes for easy pouring and cleaning.For those of you who complain that the bottles leak all over your babies - it would only make sense to TEST them first ! Just tip it over and if it leaks , undo the lid and redo it . In the beginning we had occasional leaking -LRB- never a wet baby because I tested them first -RRB- but it was only because we had over tightened the lid . Just turn it enough to feel it seal and then stop . Once we got the hang of it , we did n't have any more leaking at all .
 I bought these bottles on a recommendation from a lactation counselor because my baby was having trouble breastfeeding and they did seem to help with that because she started nursing occasionally . Unfortunately , now I have a medical condition and can not breastfeed , so we 're exclusively bottle feeding . Fortunately , we have the Avent bottles ! I love them for their simplicity of style and ease of cleaning . My baby likes them and she has a lot less gas than she did with other bottles.Some parents have reported a problem with leaking . I experienced this at first , too , but a quick trip to the `` Tips & FAQs '' of Avent 's website solved the problem completely , which was that I was over-tightening the bottle . Now I tighten the cap just until I feel it grab securely and I never have leaks . Over-tightening the screw ring causes the base of the nipple to wrinkle which causes the bottle to leak . It 's really pretty simple once you know that ! I would recommend visiting Avent 's website or calling them directly to resolve problems because they have very useful information.The only small complaint I have about the Avent products is really just a suggestion . I wish they made a converter so that I could use their nipples directly on the formula nursette bottles that have a smaller opening . Even with that small consideration , these are still the only bottles I will ever use !
 I have been bottle feeding my 6 month old since birth , and have been using Avent without a single problem . The various nipple flows and sterilizer have also been wonderful . I nearly changed my mind after reading countless reviews about problems with them leaking , but I thought I 'd try them out myself . Just do n't over-tighten the lids and they wo n't leak . Definitely give them a chance !
 I was reading through these reviews and noticed that a lot of people are having problems due to the bottles leaking . I have been using these bottles for three months and have not had a single leak . What I do is pull out the nipple and clean it and then I put the nipple through the screw casing and pull it tightly through to make sure it 's tight ... then i rinse the whole assembled nipple part again and I 'm good to go . Maybe the problem is due to those parents not ensuring that the nipple is firm against the screw cap.FYI ... . Also if you are a new mom , ensure that these bottles fit into your diaper bag . I had to do a ton of research to find a diaper bag -LRB- bumble bag !!! excellent product -RRB- that would fit the extra wide bottles , however , I have a friend who just bought any bag and can not use these bottles as they do not fit in the pockets .
 These are the widest bottles that I have seen available . They are well made and easy to assemble . I sterilise mine every day and there has been no fading of level markers -LRB- a problem with another make I tried . -RRB- or discolouration of bottles . They come with a whole range of accessories like handles and sippy cup teats for older babies and so will go from Day 1 right through to when you no longer need sippy cups . The best thing for me is the fact that you can get specially designed teats that allow for thicker liquids -LRB- my son had rice in his milk at 8 weeks -LRB- with Doctors approval -RRB- because he is so big -LRB- 90th Percentile -RRB- and was so very hungry . The Adjustable Flow teat has a slot cut instead of a hole and so the flow depends on the way the teat is lined up with the babies nose . What a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us . They also hook up directly to an avent breast pump either the manual or electric .
 These are the widest bottles that I have seen available . They are well made and easy to assemble . I sterilise mine every day and there has been no fading of level markers -LRB- a problem with another make I tried . -RRB- or discolouration of bottles . They come with a whole range of accessories like handles and sippy cup teats for older babies and so will go from Day 1 right through to when you no longer need sippy cups . The best thing for me is the fact that you can get specially designed teats that allow for thicker liquids -LRB- my son had rice in his milk at 8 weeks -LRB- with Doctors approval -RRB- because he is so big -LRB- 90th Percentile -RRB- and was so very hungry . The Adjustable Flow teat has a slot cut instead of a hole and so the flow depends on the way the teat is lined up with the babies nose . What a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us . They also hook up directly to an avent breast pump either the manual or electric .
 I have been desperate in trying to have our daughter take a bottle for a few months now -LRB- she is 4.5 months old -RRB- , nothing seemed to be working ... a variety of bottles were tried all claiming to be the one your baby would take easily , but to no avail , nothing worked . Then I had the recommendations of friends about the Avent bottles . I ordered the 9oz . bottles and the Magic sippy cups for use in later months . This weekend has proved to be a miracle , my daughter took a bottle almost as easily as nursing ! Whew ! Then , again today another bottle without any trouble ! I think the answer is the nipple design and silicone ... whatever it is , it even works for the babies who really love to nurse !!!!
 This is the only bottle my four month old will take ! My first child loved the Avent bottles 5 years ago . When my son was born , I tried the new Soothie bottles . I hated them ! He was diagnosed with reflux around this time and was having a lot of spit up . So we tried Dr. Browns , Evenflo , Gerber ... you name it , pretty much all of them . The only reason I did n't choose Avent was because they are hard to find . After lots of wasted money and time , I found the Avent bottles at our local CVS . I tried them and what a difference . He finishes every bottle and enjoys sucking on these . I would recommend them to everyone ! Also , we have never had any leaks with either child .
 I love these bottles . I have never had a leak ... ever ! They are so easy to use and easy to clean . I will never use another bottle again ! I really reccomend these bottles to everyone .
 I heard so much about how good these bottles were when I was pregnant , I just had to have them . My daughter is now 5 months old , and I 've used both the 4oz . and 9oz . bottles . They make it easy to prepare breastmilk and formula bottles , and easy to clean . My daughter seemed to take to the nipple right away -LRB- its like a breast nipple -RRB- . The downside is that she is constantly spitting up -LRB- even after being burped/formula changed/not diagnosed with AR -RRB- . I believe it is because she would swallow so many bubbles which would go in her tummy and cause her to spit up . Sometimes the nipples will leak , and sometimes they wo n't . Another issue is that the thread in which you screw the lid on does not line up sometimes . It looks like it 's on right , but it 's not . For busy moms , it 's best to be able to pop the top right on and quiet a fussy baby promptly . I 've have numerous occasions where I did not know I had n't screwed it on correctly and splashed milk everywhere when I shook the bottle up . That was a waste of a feeding not to mention embarrassing -LRB- since it would happen in public -RRB- . Even though the design is cute , these bottles are sure to take up more space than the coventional slender bottle . So , you have to have a bit extra room when packing them.I will probably continue to use them , but I have just purchased the Dr. Brown bottles and will see how they work out . I heard that the baby will spit up less with those . Avent just really needs to work on the threading issue on these bottles , and trap more bubbles so that they wo n't get into baby 's tummy . I really do n't see what the rave over these bottles is about . They 're an `` ok '' kind of bottle .
 I got a wonderful shower gift from a co-worker with 4 kids , she bought me a basket and put 5 different brands of bottles in it with several different nipples for each . I was already leaning towards Avent since the nipple shape is so closely related to the natural nipple and I wanted my son to have as little nipple confusion as possible . THese were by FAR our favorites and his as well . Yes , occasionaly they will leak , but if you READ the directions that come with them , they advise you to tighten only until you meet with resistance , not all the way . Stopping the over tightening solved our drippage problem . I think these are some of the best bottles out there ! You also have to love the interchangable aspect of Avent 's design . My son loves to hold his bottle using the handles that also work for their sippy cups .
 I have had these bottles with my now 21/2 year old and his now 4 month old little brother . They work great and are very durable . These have been dropped , sterelized , boiled , thrown , kicked , bitten , EVERYTHING and they still hold up ! If you use the bottle correctly there are no leaks and it is very simple . They also work wiht the Avent Isis Breast Pump . My sons will only take to the `` natural '' nipple , and avents got it ! The flow is not too fast , nor is it too hard to get it to come out ! The available covers work nicely for carrying them and making sure the nipple is sanitary . The wide-neck allows for easy cleaning too , I never spend more than 2 minutes scrubing a bottle . They also are great for the `` Magic Cups '' , those are sippy cups with a soft spout that are no-spill , -LRB- made by Avent -RRB- , my 21/2 year old uses them and I dont have to buy a whole set of sippy cups because that top fits on any avent product ! These bottles also fit very well in almost any cup holder -LRB- unlike the playtex -RRB- and greatly reduce my little ones gassy problems . I love these bottles , and the ventair is second , but a VERY far second , Avent is deffinatly much much better and actually do what they say they do , REDUCE GAS ! What a lifesaver
 We 've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old , and they work great . He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast . We 've had no problems with leaking , and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the # 1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby , since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you . So wait before buying # 2 & # 3 nipples , because you may not need them !
 My daughter was originally using the Playtex VentAire bottles , but the flow rate between nipples 1 and 2 was drastic . Although we were happy , we needed a bottle to use while she was growing into the next nipple size . We had received these Avent bottles as a gift awhile after she started on the Playtex bottles , so we decided to try them . Even though we thought everything was fine and dandy , they really were n't until we tried these bottles.Feeding AND Cleaning is a breeze now . My husband and I even bought more so we could make the permanent change to this brand ! Unfortunately , the playtex bottles took the WAY back seat and probably wo n't see the light of day ever again . My daughter is so much happier since the switch . I HIGHLY recommend these bottles to every mother.I am reading that some mothers are having leakage issues and for me , I really have n't . The only time I have a little leak problem is when I am shaking the bottle to mix the formula and water . Even then it is nothing to take paper towel/burp cloth and wipe it off . I find that if I take the extra second -LRB- litterally second -RRB- to make sure the rim of the bottle and the nipple match up exactly , and screw it on slowly then there is never any leakage . I think the leaks come from the lips of the nipple getting folded under when it is being attached to the bottle.All in all , I am so very pleased with these bottles and would HIGHLY recommend them . : -RRB-
 I have been using these bottles for 9 years and four kids . I mostly breastfeed for the first 6-12 months but this is the best bottle for supplementing . I have tried over a dozen other bottles and always revert back to this one . Oh and if you are having problems with leaking ... Do n't screw the lid on so tight . You should only turn the lid until it stops if you make that extra half turn to super tighten it then you wil compress the silicone and create gaps which is what causes the leaking . I have to re-learn this every time I start using the bottles with my babies again . Good luck !
 I had Playtex Precision Flo wide bottles . I ca n't find anymore bottles or nipples in the area , even the web do n't seem to have many . I decided not to waste more time or money , so I started looking in stores for nipples that were similar , but I also wanted wide-neck bottles . The two I found were Avent and Playtex VentAire with NaturalShape nipple . Both are wide , and have been great . I have more Avent bottles because they offer more `` accessories '' than Playtex . These have been great and I 'm glad I went looking for them.Items that I also got
 I cant thank Avent enoughAs a first time mom I was totally crushed when I could not breastfeed right away -LRB- Due to inverted nipples -RRB- Well when my daughter was about 1 month old and the pump -LRB- also Avent -RRB- had brought them out a bit she started breastfeeding the transition was smooth she was a happy Breast and Avent-fed baby for 4 month.Even now 5 month later after daily boiling -LRB- in a pot -RRB- nipples and bottles are as good as the first timeregarding the leeaking I never had a problem whith that , ... As far as im concerned these are SIMPLY THE BEST And I would highly recomend them to all moms ...
 i love these bottles and have never had any issues with leaks love the bottles design not only for me but my daughter who can easily hold them i also have the plug in sterilizer , bottle warmer , and insulated backpack and i love them all
 We were using Dr Browns and finally realized that cleaning all the extra parts was not worth the time and effort ! We turned to Avent and fell in love ! The best part is the interchangeable parts you can add on such as , breast pump , sippy cup spout and holders . This bottle really grows with your baby . For someone who is looking for quality and efficiency Avent bottles is the way to go ! Buy larger 9oz bottles and only invest in one or two of the smaller 4oz bottles when your little one is learning to hold a bottle or using sippy attachment .
 I decided to use playtex nursers on my second baby and I would end up falling asleep while feeding him at night and an hour later we would wake up allll wet !! I understand you arent supposed to fall asleep feeding a baby but hey it happened to me every night . Anyways , I switched to the Avent ones after because my baby would only take a wide mouthed bottle . I 've never had a problem with leaking much . They leak from the hole but they are supposed to at least have a steady drip . I 've had one or two incidences where the seal wasnt good . But for the most part the bottles are perfect . my son loves them and will now alternate playtex bottles and avent ones . The manufacturer of most companies will tell you to replace the nipples every 3 months and you should because of wearing . This is probably why you are getting leaks . I have 8 avent bottles and none of them leak . I admit they dont vent air good but my son never had a problem with gas .
 These Avent bottles are comparable to Playtex Ventaire and Dr. Brown 's bottles in quality for ventilation ... I have found Avent bottles are simpler to put together with fewer parts to assemble ... However , I try not to use them for night feedings because they sometimes make loud squeaky noises as the air flows into the vents ... This unexpected noise has scared my baby on occasion when very quiet through the night ... Otherwise , one of the easiest to use ventilated bottles ... I also like the smaller version of this Avent bottle in the 4 ounce size ...
 When my daughter was born , I tried to only breastfeed . That lasted about one week and then i started pumping and using the playtex bottles with drop-ins . The milk ran down her chin . So , I needed to try another bottle , and I tried cheap bottles with a NUK nipple which she did ok on until she was about 6months old . Then one day she decided she did not like that nipple any more . I went back to the playtex , which turned out to be a major expense buying those liners . So I needed to find a bottle with a wide based silicone nipple and Avent was it . I just wish we had found this bottle sooner . She loves it . It is easy to clean . I do have problems with leaks at times but by repositioning the lid they go away . I read an earlier review on here and someone asked would I buy a faucet that leaked at times if not used properly . The answer is if it comes to my daughter and getting her to take her bottle without a fuss , then yes , yes , yes .
 I bought these bottles after reading reviews on them and have been pretty happy with them . They have never leaked with me BUT I have never screwed the lid on too tightly . You HAVE to remember that . When you overtighten the lid , the nipple gets distorted and the seal is broken . My husband and others in the family have had this problem . It is probably always helpful to test for leaks -LRB- when you test the temp of the milk -RRB- BEFORE you give it to the baby , just to make sure.I like the plastic they use . It has always felt extremely sturdy . They are easily to hold -LRB- thanks to the curve -RRB- and I really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean ... and you are pretty sure they are clean !! I bought the newborn starter set and the infant set and together they are all I require for bottles and a breastmilk storage set !! All in all I think they were a great buy and worth it . I would use them all over again and would use avent with my next baby too .
 These bottles are absolutely the best ! My baby used Medela , Healthflow and bottles given to us from the hospital and was gassy all the time ! Then we tried the Avent bottles and it worked great ! No gas for the baby and slow flow cause I 'm still breastfeeding . I would recommend this item to all new mothers . If you have problems with the bottle leaking , you have screwed the cover on too tight . I had to do some research on why it leaked and was glad . Also the Avent Isis pump is great too ! I like that it is quiet , only regret I wish it was electric . I have an electric Medela pump but still prefer the Avent Isis .
 I too had problems with the bottles leaking and resorted to calling the 800 # . At first I thought the information they were telling me was baloney , but when I tried it , Voila , it worked!I was tightening the bottles by hand around the collar , with out using the cap . This was causing the bottles to leak most of the time . The trick is to hold onto the cap to tighten the bottle ! Believe me I really did n't think it would make any difference , however I have not had one leaky bottle since!I would recommend the Avent bottles with no hesitation , my daughter has had no trouble with spitting up at all .
 I have 11 Avent bottles all purchased at seperate times and have never , not once had any one of them leak . They are more expensive , but think about the money the Playtex Nurser liners cost over the course of your baby 's bottle years , it adds up ! Also , with the Avent system you can buy spouts that convert the bottles into Sippy cups and save money on new cups . I have also used Second Nature brand nipples with the Avent bottles and they worked perfectly , those of you having problems with Avent leaking , but like the style of Avent Bottles and nipples may want to check out that brand -LRB- sold at Target.com and babycenter.com -RRB-
 I am a mother of a 3 year old and newborn . My son -LRB- newborn -RRB- was very particular with taking a bottle . He is breastfeed and the only bottle we can get him to take is advent ! My daughter was also breastfeed but , would take any kind of bottle ... hence all the playtex and gerber bottles I am left with . If you do not put the cap on first than attach the entire top to the bottle yes , they do leak . However , after calling advent , this is how the air is prevented from flowing into babies tummy -LRB- reducing colic -RRB- . You need to read all the direstions first , and as others have said ... and not all bottles work for all babies !
 We 've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old , and they work great . He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast . We 've had no problems with leaking , and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the # 1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby , since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you . So wait before buying # 2 & # 3 nipples , because you may not need them !
 I HAVE USED THESE BOTTLES SINCE MY SON WAS BORN , HE IS NOW 3 MONTHS AND THEY HAVE BEEN GREAT.THERE IS NO OTHER BOTTLES THAT I HAVE EVEN CONSIDRED USING.MY FIRST CHILD HAD VERY BAD COLIC -LRB- I USED PLAYTEX VENT-AIRE -RRB- ONCE I GAVE HER THERSE BOTTLES IT WAS ALL BETTER.HE IS NOW DRINKING 5 OZ , AND ALL THOUGH THE BOTTLES ARE MARKED TO 4OZ , ALL 5 OZ STILL FIT WITHOUT A PROBLEM , AND WITHOUT HAVING TO MIX IN A SEPERATE BOTTLE.I LOVE THEM , AND HIGHLY RECCOMEND THEM .
 I really have to give Avent 5 stars for their bottles , as I did not expect for them to last as long as they have . My daughter has been using them since she was 3 months old , and one year later , they are still doing the job . Surely , I was expecting for them to crack , as many times as they have been thrown off the highchair , but no damage whatsoever . I love the fact that you can buy new nipples as the child gets older . Makes it much more userfriendly and definately cheaper on your wallet.Love them ! Highly recommended !
 Easy for baby to hold - good selection of nipple flows . Really like these bottles and do n't use any other kind .
 When I was going back to work , but still breastfeeding exclusively with my first child , we tried several different types of bottles . The Avents were the only ones that my daughter would accept and that did n't have breastmilk pouring out and choking her.Once she was older -LRB- 6 months + -RRB- , we found that we were able to use any bottle out there . But again , when she was small , the Avents were the only ones that worked.We are now using Avents for our second daughter . She is only 3 weeks old , and will accept either breast or the Avent bottle readily with no problems . -LRB- Incidentally , I know much of the advice out there is to wait until your infant is older before introducing the bottle in order to avoid `` nipple confusion '' , but many of my friends who did wait longer found that their infant would not accept anything other than the breast -RRB- . I 've only once had a leaking problem with Avent , and I simply unscrewed the lid and screwed it back on and it worked fine . It was the middle of the night and I suspect I did n't have it threaded correctly.As for gas , our daughters seemed to get less gas and have less burping with the Avent than they do after a breastfeeding , so I did n't find that an issue for us either . I would say that it is VERY important to use the proper nipple for their age . Do n't try to go cheap by not purchasing the different nipples which provide different flow rates as your infants get older.At any rate , I 'm not saying this is the only bottle to use , but if you are a breastfeeding Mom and you are having problems getting your infant to accept other bottles/nipples , the Avents are certainly worth a try !
 I have n't been 100 % happy with any of the bottles I 've tried , but these have been the best for my baby . You do have to be sure the nipple and ring are completely dry , or they do tend to leak . My baby is most comfortable with the nipples on these , she was choking on the amount of liquid the Dr. Brown 's size 1 and Playtex Vent Aire size 2 allowed through . She could n't get anything out of the Playtex size 1 nipples , the opening is way too small . My husband fed her for 30 minutes and did n't realize she could n't get a thing out of the bottle ! She 's almost 3 months now , and I 'm sticking with the Avent .
 the avent bottles are wonderful ! our son did not have any difficulty switching between the breast at home and these bottles at daycare . the nipples are great and come in a variety of sizes -LRB- to adjust flow/output -RRB- that grow with your child . they are easy to wash due to their large openings , durable , and contoured so that even little hands can help hold them . i have been using them for almost six months and have never had a problem with them leaking . these bottles are becoming so popular that we needed to mark ours since other children at daycare use them !
 We bought the Avent bottles to go with the Isis breast pump . My son loved the shape of the nipple , he had no confusion at all . We also used the Platex disposable bottles/nipples and he hated them . The shape of the Platex nipple is very unnatural . I have had no problems with leaks using the Avent bottles . The tops are easy to tighten . I would recommend these bottles to all new mothers .
 MY DAUGHTER IS 2 MONTHS OLD AND I HAVE USED THE AVENT BOTTLES SINCE HER BIRTH . SHE IS MY 3RD CHILD AND MY FIRST TIME USING AVENT . I LOVE THESE BOTTLES . I NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH LEAKING LIKE SOME PE0PLE HAVE SAID . SHE DID NOT GET MUCH GAS AND THEY ARE VERY EASY TO CLEAN .
 I ca n't seem to understand any problems that anyone else may have had . These bottles worked excellently for me through 2 children , and I thought they were WONDERFUL . My babies were never getting too much air with them , they were easy to clean , and my babies reacted well to them after having been almost exclusively breast fed for over 9 months -LRB- I assume due to the nipple shape -RRB- . Never a spill , never a complaint , and never a problem ! I plan on using them for my third baby ... due in a few days : o -RRB-
 I liked these bottles very much . After breastfeeding my baby for 6 weeks , I was nervous about giving my baby a bottle . He didnt even give it a second thought . These bottles make it very easy for the baby to switch from breast to bottle with no problem . They work great with the Avent Isis breast pump . I am able to pump right into the bottle and store it until I need it .
 These are the best bottles out there for a breastfed baby . The wide bottom on the nipple is great . This nipple comes the closest I 've seen to the actual breast . My 41/2 month old baby loves them.I 'd advise you to get these instead of the 5 oz bottles . They are the same price , but these hold more .
 Avent bottle system is wonderful . They are pricier than other bottles , but well worth it . I 'd like to think that they reduce gas and spit up ... my daughter did not have problem with either . The shape of the nipple is very easy to latch on to and it most resembles a real nipple . The sterylizer is wonderful ... no more boiling pots of water . My daughter loves this bottle and so do I. I have read other reviews , and I too had a problem once with the bottle leaking , so I went to -LSB- the website -RSB- and found out that I was essembling them too tight . As long as you put the bottles together properly -LRB- and it is not rocket science -RRB- they work wonderfully every time !! She is now 7 months and the bottle easily converts to a spill proof cup , which adds to convience . I love this product and will use it again and recommend it to anyone !!
 These bottles are wonderful . They clean and sterilize beautifully and do n't take on that worn scummy look as other blastic bottles . My daughter has reflux and part of the doctor recommendation was thicken formula - only Avent makes a nipple that infants can control their intake properly and without the parents getting fustrated and poking new holes or bigger holes in the nipples . The bottle wide size makes it easier to clean either by hand or dishwasher and children are comfortable learning how to hold it . I do n't worry with too much air intake with my daughter and she successfully was able to do both breast and bottle feeding at the same time -LRB- less nipple confusion ! -RRB- . A friend recommended the system to me and I now recommend it to anyone I know . It 's worth the little extra it costs . I wish I started with Avent with my first child !
 I used both the disposable and reusable Avent Bottle swith my Daughter 4 years ago . I shared in the frustration of them leaking , but soon realized that I wasusing the wrong nipples . They have two - A blue one that goes with the disposable bottle and clear that goes with the re-usable . Once this adjustment was made I had no problem with leaking . As far as reducing gas my daughter had very little problem with gas and I think it is in part to these bottle . If your still not sure just buy two or three and give them a try . That way if you do n't like them it was n't a huge investment
 So far I have never used anything other than Avent products for bottles and cups for my son -LRB- he is almost 2 -RRB- . I ca n't express how wonderful this company is . When I had problems with my breast pump , they sent replacement parts out immediately . They also just sent me replacement pieces for my son 's cup after the daycare lost them . I mean , if they replaced them and it was n't even defective but lost , they know what customer service is all about ! The products may be more expensive than Gerber etc but they are definately worth the money . I have thrown away several other name brands of sippy cups because they cracked or leaked but NEVER the magic cups by Avent or any of the bottles . Everything goes through the dishwasher and my son is not the gentlest kid when it comes to trowing them around and we are highly satisfied . I DEFINATELY recommend anything Avent including these bottles !
 I have had 3 children , all formula fed from birth , and we only used this brand with the 3rd child - mainly because I could not find the brand I used previously -LRB- Canon Babysafe -RRB- . Yes , they are more expensive , but if you think how many times you use them and wash them ... you certainly get your money 's worth . I only have 6 and this suits us perfectly.I have not had any trouble with leaks and find they seal quite well for outings when they are in my nappy bag.My baby took the teat from birth with no problems . But I know some mother 's who had babies that just would n't take this teat and they had to switch brands . I guess with everything to do with babies it 's a case of trial and error to find what suits you and your baby.What I like about the bottles is that the wide opening makes them extremely easy to wash and easy to put formula in . I used the narrow necked bottles previously and I was forever spilling formula trying to put the formula in with the scoops . The Avent bottles are also very comfortable for me to hold and easy for my baby to grip on to as well.They suit us perfectly - give them a try and see what you think .
 The only problem I had with these bottles is that my son did n't want to take them at first . He was a little early , very small and breastfed . I have heard that it is strange because most breastfed babies love them . He did finally accept them and now I use nothing but Avent . I am always careful when assembling them before a feeding to make sure the nipple is in correctly and that I do not overtighten , I have NEVER had a leaking problem . They are easy to clean and now have accessories so you can convert them into trainer cups . They also make great breastmilk and food storage containers . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I began using these bottles once my premature twins could drink more than 5 ounces . They are great . I was intimidated by the size , but not my babies . They held them with ease . The babies could go from breast to bottle and back without any confusion . I have never had a problem with leaking . Make sure you get the correct color nipple . I did have to call the 1 800 number for instructions for the variable flow nipple . I would stick to the nipples with one flow -LRB- stage 1 or 2 -RRB- for younger babies because once the bottle is turned the flow will also change -LRB- increase or decrease depending on the roman numeral -RRB- . They had reflux , which was controlled by medicine . However , these bottles did not aggrevate the situation at all . My babies used stage 1 right up until 12 months . These bottles have now become their cups . No other bottle can become a cup . For the price of a sippie cup I was able to buy the spouts and handles . The spouts are easy to clean unlike the cup lids with the valves . This bottle offers a wide opening so the liquids get in the bottle , not all over the counter , and it 's easy to clean . I would recommend this product to everyone ; it 's worth the price .
 I wound up on these bottle with my first baby , after a sereis of trial and error with other bottles , she was so gassy and with the others she was just swallowing too much air . I used the disposable avent for a while then switched to these . Mine started to leak too . If you go to the avent website , it will tell you that if you screw the ring/nipple part of the bottle on too tight , it will leak . I started screwing mine on securely , but not quite so tight , and the leaking problem vanished . I plan to use these again with my next baby who is due March .
 Maybe I 'm odd but I read the directions for using these bottles and I 've never had a problem with them . My son is 4 months old and is normally breastfed . He has no problems with nipple confusion and we have never had a problem with the bottles leaking . He has taken bottles of breast milk since he was 2 weeks old.An added note for those that are breast feeding
 These bottles are absolutely fantastic ! They are so easy to use and they cut down on gas wonderfully . I just can not say enough good about them - well , here 's an idea . I have 8 of them ! The nipples can be a little pricey at times but check out the stores and babies rus - they 're on sale at different times in the year and you can save about 15-20 % on them . I would n't use anything else . Target puts them on sale as well . The silicone nipples are so much nicer than the rubber ones on regular bottles , and if you nurse and use bottles as a supplement , these are the more like yourself so the baby has an easier taking it . The bottles withstand hundreds of washings in a dishwasher without the markings being washed off . By far , the best bottle on the market in my humble opinion . I received one in a gift set and my husband immediately ran out and bought a week 's worth - they 're just so much easier to use and they fit so well on the fridge shelves , plus those huge plastic caps that fit over the nipples are easy to remove and makes you feel like everything is cleaner . Highly recommend !
 I started having a problem with the bottles leaking , but all you have to do is unscrew the top and rescrew it tighter ! They have been great in reducing the colic symptoms . It just does n't take a genius to figure out that if they are leaking , then you should rescrew on the top TIGHT .
 I used these bottles for a year and never had a leak ever ! I do n't understand why people had leaks unless the nipple was n't snapped in or the lid was n't on correctly.I used the 4oz and 9oz repeatedly and no issues . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!
 I have read the past few reviews given for these bottles and I wonder if we are talking about the same bottles . I too breastfeed and pump . I have tried the Dr. Brown bottles and the Evenflo Ventair bottles and have to say that none of them can even come close to these bottles . I am yet to see one drop of milk drip out of the bottle . Maybe the ladies are not assembling the bottle tops correctly!LOVE THEM !
 Do n't let the `` I ca n't figure out how to screw on a top '' reviews scare you , these are the finest quality bottles/nipples on the market and I highly recommend them . Our daughter started using a bottle right away and we have transitioned from the 1 size nipple to the 3 as of now . I have experienced the leaking complained about by others , but it is merely a matter or adjusting the nipple in the lid or simply resetting the lid on the bottle . Avent claims these are the closest thing to breast feeding out there and I do not dispute it . My wife regularly switches from breast to bottle and back again and our daughter is typically quite accepting . We have had a very positive experience with Avent products .
 We used these bottles with my little sister 6 years ago , & I started my son on them -LRB- with breastmilk -RRB- from birth . It 's very easy for them to go from breast to bottle , I loved the pop-in cap for storage , and ALL Avent pieces are interchangeable !! I had to switch to Dr. Brown 's recently because my baby has severe gas problems , but I would have stayed with Avent except for that . They 're so easy to clean because of the wideness.P.S . As for everyone complaining they leak , READ THE INSTRUCTIONS !! I read a recent review saying she did n't know why they left room between the threads that screw on the cap & nipple , the bottle info explicitly says this is to let air vent out , that is why they leak when you screw the cap on too tight . It just takes a light twist & it 's on . If you 've got a really gassy baby , go with Dr. Brown , otherwise , these are awesome for the breastfed baby !
 I used Avent bottles with my first son and after about a month of using them I found that they did leak . I thought it was just me or my husband not using them right . I found that if you put them in the dishwasher -LRB- the nipples -RRB- the seem more likely to leak . Also , we bought a MAWS bottle , now called Tommee Tippie , and put the avent nipple in that bottle and have had no problems . I did n't like the nipple that came with that bottle so I tried Avent 's nipple with the bottle and it worked . It is the best system I have found . No leaks , no fuss , just a great combo . Just some advice .
 After breastfeeding , my son had no problem latching on to these bottles . We initially used the 4 oz and have since moved up to the 9 oz for formula , but we now use the 4 oz for juice & they work perfect . The size 1 nipple on the 4 oz is perfect for juice , which is thinner than formula . My son has never had any problems with colic and although I do n't know if these bottles had anything to do with that , they certainly did n't hurt . He has never had excess gas or air on his tummy after feeding . I have 9 - 4oz bottles & 8 - 9 oz bottles and NONE of them have EVER leaked ! In fact , I tried a cheaper bottle when we moved up to a bigger size and ended up giving them away & going back to Avent . They are a little expensive , but worth it . I 'll definietly use them for our next baby !
 and I have still come back to them in the end as they have kept me from the dreaded nipple confusion . I rate them 2nd only to the Dr.Brown wide neck , and that is only because of the gas issue . They are super easy to break down and clean . And yes , I had the same problem with the nipple leaking at first . However , after a couple runs through the dishwasher and sometime just opening and reclosing the bottle , I have n't had the problems since .
 I thought it was just me , until I read the other reviews . Everyone ca n't be assembling the bottle wrong ... . So I would say they really need to figure out why and fix the problem fast ... I got a pack of 4oz & 9oz bottles for a baby shower gift . First , as a suggestion buying the 4oz bottles are a waste of money b.c they will be out of it in a couple of weeks so might as well by the 9oz if you are going to go with this bottle . Second , I have heard alot about the Dr. Brown 's bottles so I will try those and see if they work out better as far as leaking ... . Im not taking anything away from the Avent bottles b.c my son does very well on those , but the leaking or a big gush out is drawing me away from them . As far as price goes between the Avent and Dr. Browns they range the same , well atleast at babiesrus they do .
 My 7 month old loves this bottle . I try to give her a regular nipple and she refuses it completly ! She will only drink from these type of nipples . I do agree about the leakage , but most bottles leak at some point , if you do not have the cap or nipple on correctly . I would say 2 out of 10 times I have a leak problem with these . I like the wide mouth shape too ! Easy cleaning .
 At first , I had problems with the bottles leaking . It was frustrating when baby got wet , not to mention , me and the furniture , floor , etc. . Then I read the INSTRUCTIONS and realized I was screwing the lids on too tight ! Plus , when I assemble all 3 -LRB- the nipple , ring and lid -RRB- together FIRST before screwing on to the bottle , it prevents leaking . Also , make sure when you mix the formula you have the lid on when gently shaking . Otherwise formula will leak out of the hole in the nipple . My newborn baby took to the nipple well since day 1 , burps great and has no problems with gas . I love the idea of the larger bottles someday converting into training sippy cups . Will definitely buy a few trainer kits .
 I am ecstatic to have found a company that I can count on for great products . They 're more expensive than other brands , but well worth it ! My first Avent product was the On the Go breast pump kit . My son moved effortly from breast to bottle and the pump was fast , quiet , and easy to use . Once my son switched to formula , I had to purchase a bottle brush . I went through 3 in 4 weeks and each one just fell apart . Then I tried the Avent bottle brush . Again , I am very pleased with the quality of Avent 's product ! I ca n't wait to start using the Avent Magic Cups !
 I understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type . If you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues . But if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries . I have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with Avent . The Brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis . If you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get Avent . Only way to go .
 I acquired a set of these for free and love them . They can leak if you do not tighten them properly . We always check the seal by tilting them back and forth over the kitchen sink . If they leak we retighten the ring . I like that I can buy newborn , slow , medium , and fast nipples . I recently bought the sippy cup nipples . Well worth the expense because they last forever.I have Playtex Ventaire bottles and they can leak too , it is n't just this product .
 I 've NEVER had a problem with these bottles . Before I bought them , I read other reviewers posts and noticed that there were a lot of negative comments about them . However , I decided to go ahead and try them out and I 'm glad that I did . These bottles are bulky and durable . While a little on the pricey side , I think they are well worth it . My son is now 4 months old and has never had any problems with gas.For clarification purposes , I 've never had a problem with them leaking . I 've always followed the manufacturers instructions by making sure that the nipples are wet BEFORE assembly .
 If it were n't for the leaking , I would have give the product 5 stars . I have had great luck with these bottles and nipples , except for the fact that sometimes they leak . It does help to wet the nipple and ring prior to putting them together , but if you do n't have a perfect seal they will leak when you start to shake the bottle for mixing . Leaking is also the biggest complaint I have heard from other moms . It does not happen every time I make a bottle , but often enough that I have considered complainig to Avent . This has been my ONLY frustration with product.Otherwise , they are dishwasher durable and the markings on the bottle are still on after months of use and washings .
 They let the baby drink without ingesting air . They are wide mouth for easy filling with powder or liquid formula . They are easy for baby to learn to hold . They are easy for Mom to hold . The markings are easy to read . Babes and Moms are blessed to have Avent in the US .
 Wonderful bottles , as our daughter wo n't use anything else . Wish they were more narrow so she could hold them herself . Occasional leaking when shaking milk around or mixing a bottle of formula .
 The Avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product . For those experiencing leaks , it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly . I have had no problems using these bottles , and yes I have experienced an occasional leak which I notice while I 'm shaking the bottle because I have not screwed the cap on properly . These are well worth the price paid . I have tried both Dr. Brown 's and Playtex VentAire and find the Avent products to be superior to both of these . Highly recommended by this mom!Update March 06
 I had and hated the VENTAIR ! Stupid leaky valves ! This bottle feels nice in the hand to feed and my husband like them too . The placement on the babys face with the nipple is perfect too .
 I love this bottle . It 's sturdy and easy to clean AND it 's the only bottle my breastfed baby will take . We tried everything and she refused it all until we found the Avent : -RRB-
 I have found the Avent bottles to be far superior to any other bottles on the market for my breastfed daughter . She has no problem going from breast to bottle and back again . The only problem however is that on occasion you might get a defective nipple and your baby could end up wearing more of that precious breast milk that she actually ingests . That is why this is a four star item versus five .
 I have to say these bottles are great . We bought a total of eight and they have been in daily use for about a year now . They hold up well , even though we were washing them almost every day for a while.The nipple is designed to be like a human nipple , so as to prevent the baby 's becoming confused and refusing either the bottle or the breast . Our baby never had a problem feeding from either . `` Do they leak ? '' you ask . Well , I have had very little problem with these bottles leaking . In fact , I have only had one leak when I reassembled the bottle before all the parts had dried . If all the parts are dry when the bottle is put together the bottle should not leak - none of ours did!I would recommend this type of bottle hands-down . In fact , I would recommend you do yourself a favor , buy eight or nine of them . If you buy any less , you 'll inevitably be washing bottles more than once a day , and probably at 3 or 4 in the morning . These bottles , in sufficient quantity , should make raising your baby just a little less stressful !
 I breastfeed both of my children each for one year and used the Avent bottles to give them expressed milk . The nipple design is the closest to the breast that you will find , which helps to limit the amount of air intake and confusion . I like the fact that as the baby gets older you simply buy nipples with additional holes while maintaining the small hole size for each hole . This allows the baby to get more milk , but makes them still work a little bit . I do not like the bottles that just have one hole that is bigger for older babies . My breast does n't have on big hole and I do n't want a bottle to have one either . I also have never had any problems what so every with leaking bottles.These bottles are great and I highly recommend them .
 When my son was born back in July of 1988 he was diagnosed with infantile colic . He was also a baby who would projectile vomit his formula if he was n't burbed after every once of formula . tried vertually every type of bottle feeding system till I came across Avent . After doing my reading about the product and getting advise from a friend who 's baby was using the bottles I decided to give it a try . After all I tried all the other bottles out there and none worked as good as Avent . This bottle system cut the feeding time from 40-50 minutes to about 20 and that I could deal with.No other product can live up to the high standard of Advent . I would recommend this product to every new mother . If you want a bottle that provides everything this one is it . I also used these bottles with my daughter who was born in Oct of 1994 the only thing I had to do was to go out and buy new nipples and that 's it . These bottles are about to be used again by my neice who is expecting a baby later this year.These bottles are very durable and seems like they last forever.If you want a bottle feedng system that is number one go withAdvent you wont be disappointed at all !!!
 I have used these bottles on all 3 of my children and they DO NOT leak ... my cousin had a problem with this bottle leaking and it turned out she was using the incorrect nipple . She used the Avent medium flow nipple when she should have been using the slow flow . Until your baby is older -LRB- 4-6 months -RRB- and eating a lot in one sitting you should stick with the slow flow.AND if you are feeding your child breastmilk from these or any bottles you should always use a slower flow nipple as it simulates the breast .
 Before my son was born , I spent a lot of time reading the reviews on the different feeding systems . Because we live on a small base in Germany , we do not have a wide selection available to us at out Post Exchange . I bought a few bottles from the PX and tried them out , but he did n't like any of them . They would allow the milk to dribble down his face or not enough milk would come out and frustrate him.I bought a single Avent bottle ... they were the most expensive and I was hesitant to invest so much money on the Avent system . I followed the directions -LRB- something that a few of the other commenters are obviously not doing -RRB- and this bottle worked the best.I have bought a ton of Avent products and they all work fine ! The only time my bottles leak is when my dear hubby fills them ... he does n't follow product instructions LOL .
 These bottles are simply the best out there . I know , I tried `` ALL '' of them .
 I decided to breastfeed my second son , when that did n't work out , I used playtex nursers . We often fell asleep while he was eating and would wake up SOAKED in formula . Not a good thing because formula stains and then you have to change baby and you in the middle of the night -LRB- and pretreat clothes and wash them if you didnt want to end up replacing them -RRB- . I decided to try these after seeing an add in a magazine . THESE WORKED WONDERFULLY ! No more buying and changing liners -LRB- which by the way would always break even if i was being VERY careful when i `` burped '' the bottle ... its hard enough to burp baby without trying to BURP a bottle ! I never had to burp my avent bottles . They never leaked for me . And I rarely had to change the nipple which hold up very well to repeated dishwashings ! If you think about it these really are cheaper then playtex nursers as you dont have to buy the liners and worry about them breaking and getting formula all over yourself in the mall and then having no formula and having to leave anyways ...
 I really do like these bottles . No annoying bags , or gummy nipples . They must be put together when wet though , or else they leak . It 's no different than a manual breast pump . . they need a wet seal . I wash them , then pop nipple through ring while wet . When I 'm ready to fill the bottles , I run hot water over the ring/nipple and then assemble -LRB- not over tightening -RRB- . I wash mine by hand -LRB- Pediatrician advised against dishwasher -RRB- . I replace the nipples every couple of months , and I sterilize every few weeks to get rid of any build up .
 I have read other reviews about the Avent bottles , and I have to say that we have experienced no problems whatsoever with these bottles . Our son is now almost 6 months old , and the one time we experienced a leaking problem is when the lid was put on crooked . Also , I have never had a problem with them smelling like plastic or with the measurement lines fading . After nearly six months of use , these bottles have been dropped , washed , sterilized , soaked and put in the dishwasher , and we still have no complaints . Also , they are super easy to clean due to the larger opening at the top . We are so happy with the Avent bottles that we have even saved them for use with our future children . The only knock I give is for the 4 oz . bottles . I wish I would have bought only 9 oz . bottles because my son graduated past the 4 oz . mark quickly , and I feel that even purchasing the smaller bottles was a waste of money . Overall , I highly recommend the Avent bottles , but again , I would recommend only buying 9 oz . bottles .
 I had been afraid that my breastfed baby would prefer the bottle once I started pumping . Instead , we found that he did not like the bottle at all . We had received a free sample of the Avent bottle , and discovered that he liked the nipple much more than the ones on the Medela nursing set that goes with my breast pump . He still would much rather get the real thing , but daddy finds it much easier to feed him with the Avent bottle . My one concern is that the plastic is much more rigid than that of the Medela set ... am afraid of dropping over hard surface .
 This system is the best out there ! This has been used in my family for years , back when you had to have them shipped from England ! My son is almost 5 years old and I used this system in conjunction with breast feeding with no nipple confusion . Then I moved him to the Avent sippy cups at 5 months with no problem ! Now I am 3 weeks away from having my 2nd son and will be using Avent along with breast feeding for him too ! I bought an Ameda breast pump -LRB- which has the small bottles -RRB- and found that Avent has a pump conversion kit . Which is the collar attachments so I can pump directly into the Avent reg . bottles or the Via bottles , so I do n't have to dirty more bottles than needed ! Avent has thought of everything !!! If your interested in the kit you can go to -LSB- ... -RSB- where they sell it for under 10.00 ! Hope this was helpful !!
 I love these bottles ! They 're great for caregivers who choose to combine breastfeeding and bottle feeding . The nipple is just the right size and shape -LRB- to reduce nipple confusion -RRB- and they really do seem to keep unwanted air inside . I also prefer the smaller 4 oz size for newborns and infants , as it helps reduce gas . Also , the only time I experience leaks is when I do n't screw in the cap correctly . Overall , these are great and are certainly worth a try .
 I have used these bottles for over six months and have not had any problems with them leaking . My son has n't experienced any gas or fussiness while using these bottles and is a very happy baby . They are easy to clean and have clear markings for easy measurement when mixing formula . I would highly recommend the avent system .
 I bought these bottles on a recommendation from a lactation counselor because my baby was having trouble breastfeeding and they did seem to help with that because she started nursing occasionally . Unfortunately , now I have a medical condition and can not breastfeed , so we 're exclusively bottle feeding . Fortunately , we have the Avent bottles ! I love them for their simplicity of style and ease of cleaning . My baby likes them and she has a lot less gas than she did with other bottles.Some parents have reported a problem with leaking . I experienced this at first , too , but a quick trip to the `` Tips & FAQs '' of Avent 's website solved the problem completely , which was that I was over-tightening the bottle . Now I tighten the cap just until I feel it grab securely and I never have leaks . Over-tightening the screw ring causes the base of the nipple to wrinkle which causes the bottle to leak . It 's really pretty simple once you know that ! I would recommend visiting Avent 's website or calling them directly to resolve problems because they have very useful information.The only small complaint I have about the Avent products is really just a suggestion . I wish they made a converter so that I could use their nipples directly on the formula nursette bottles that have a smaller opening . Even with that small consideration , these are still the only bottles I will ever use !
 The Avent bottles are wonderful ! I breastfed and combined bottle feeding with my now 6 month old son and everything worked out great ! My son refused any other brand of bottle/nipple ! He recently gave up breastfeeding and is doing great with the Avent bottles-we have never once had them leak on us ! The cap has to be placed just right on the top when you shake it , but even if it is not carefully placed , it still does not leak ! At least it has not so far ! We really recommend these bottles !
 We had the luxury of receiving these 4 oz . bottles as gifts , but if you have to buy them , I 'd suggest skipping the 4 oz . and going straight to the 9 oz . bottles . We love Avent , but after only 4 weeks , we had to pack up the 4 oz . bottles because our daughter was starting to want more than 4 oz . of formula .
 We 've found the Avent bottles to be wonderful for our daughter . My only complaint about the 9 oz . bottles is that the measurements stop at 2 oz . on the bottom . Sometimes that makes it difficult to tell exactly how much our daughter is eating , but I would n't let that stop you from purchasing them . Some people complain that they 're pricey , but I registered for them and got enough , so I did n't have to pay for them !
 My main reason for getting these bottles was to be able to use them in a warmer . I orginally had the VentAire bottles but took all of them back when I realized just how many parts to the bottles there were , and that it was n't recommended to use them in warmers!In the beginning we had some trouble with the bottles leaking , but I soon realized that I was putting the bottles together wrong . After reading the instructions -LRB- duh -RRB- it said to put the cap on before attaching the nipple & ring to the bottle . As soon as I did that , the leaks stopped . I also found out from reading other reviews that I was screwing the lid on too tight!As for the bubbles in the bottle ... at first I had a hard time with that . But I soon realized that it was better to have bubbles in the bottle than in my son 's tummy ! My son is 9 weeks old and we have not any any gas trouble OR spit ups !!!! I am very pleased with these bottles !
 My son is 6months old , we 've been using these bottles since he was 2weeks old -LRB- the breastfeeding thing did not work out -RRB- . I had big problems with the bottles leaking . I went back to work and asked another mother about this problem . She called Advent and the problem was that she was screwing the nipples on too tight , it breaks the seal . Ever since that conversation I have n't had any problems with leaking .
 The almost all the people , who rate these bottles less than 5 stars , have problems with leakage . So did we first . Until I looked on manufacturers web site and found this in `` Bootle feeding tips and FAQ 's '' : `` Why does my Reusable Bottle leak?Leaking may occur : * If the bottle is over-tightened . When assembling the Reusable Bottle , gently turn the cap until you feel it naturally grab the bottle . It may appear that you can tighten the screw ring farther , however , avoid doing this . If the screw ring is too tight , the nipple 's base wrinkles , creating a gap that allows fluid to escape . * If the nipple is not pulled completely into the screw ring . You should hear a snap or click when it has been pulled into the screw ring . * If the nipple is n't clean . Clean the nipple thoroughly , including the base of the nipple , using your fingers and warm , soapy water . * If the nipple is n't centered within the dome cap . This may happen when traveling with the bottle . Reposition the nipple so it appears centered within the dome cap . * If the wrong nipple is on your bottle . The nipples for the Reusable Bottle and the Disposable Nurser are not interchangeable . Reusable Bottle Nipples are clear and have a round skirt on the bottom . Disposable Nurser Nipples are blue-tinted and have a flat bottom . `` By us it was the first problem and since we got the feeling `` tight-enough '' this problem vanished !
 I ca n't figure out what all the people who say they have had leaks are doing wrong because I have been using the Avent bottles since my son was 6 weeks old , and I 've NEVER had a problem . In fact , I started out with a Playtex nurser , but even the smallest nipples were too fast a flow for my baby and the liners were nothing but a problem . My son was gassy and miserable . Within two days of switching to Avent , his gas was gone and he was happy . Neither my diaper bag nor my son has ever gotten wet from the Avent bottles . I ca n't say enough about how wonderful I think they are !!!
 I have eight children , the oldest is 16 and the youngest is 1 . I used the playtex bottles with bags for my oldest , she had reflux and these bottles did n't help , for my other children I decided to try the Avent bottles because they claimed to help prevent gas . With my second daughter who also had reflux they did exactly what they claimed to do . My other children that did not have reflux had very little gas and on those late night feedings if I did n't get a burp or was to tiered and forgot I never ended up having my baby fussy because of gas pains.these are the best bottles and well worth the price !!!
 This bottle was a life saver . I did n't think anything about the leaking because babies are washable . I was able to put her ceral in the bottle before bed time and the hole house got a good nights sleep . My daughter has less gas and is happy when I put fruit and other things in this bottle . It 's just a wonderful bottle .
 My 3 month old has been using Avent bottles since the age of 2 weeks old when I pump , -LRB- but I mainly breast feed -RRB- I feel that they have done an outstanding job . They have never leaked -LRB- I do n't know that the other reviews are all about . -RRB- and she took to the bottle without any problems or nipple confusions !
 Do n't get me wrong , the Avent bottles are great , even if they are a bit expensive . It seems to me after reading ALL of the reviews that you have about a 50/50 chance of the bottles leaking on you.After shopping , shopping , and shopping some more , I found wide-neck bottles made by the First Years that have Winnie-the-Pooh and Tigger on them . They accept the Avent nipples , though the collars and handles do n't fit . The Pooh set comes with
 In the midst of all of my bottle testing , I was against Avent , mostly because they do cost a bit more than most bottles . I thought that I could test a bottle and cup , to see if Avent was really telling the truth when they said all the parts were interchangeable . Well , they are . They also have more nipple selections , depending on how fast your child drinks.One thing I wish Avent has was a design or something on the bottle . I did find that if you buy the Evenflo Cool Pals 6 oz . cup holder , these fit in them great.I would suggest only getting one or two packs of these . Your baby is going to outgrow them quickly . You may also want to get some Avent sealing disks . Then , you can use these bottles as storage containers without having to spend the extra money .
 We have used these , plus Gerber and supermarket generic brands of bottles , and frankly there is not much difference . A silicone teat does n't seem much better than a latex teat , although of course the latex will deteriorate after a year or so -LRB- by which time you will probably not need it anyway -RRB- . The best thing about Avent feeding products is their compatibility with their steam steriliser , with every piece fitting in perfectly.These bottles so sometimes leak , but I am told this is more to do with how your baby feeds than the design of the bottle . So by all means , but a set of these and a set of cheapies , and see which works best for you .
 My baby is 3 months old now , I 'm still nursing her . I have almost exclusively used the Avent 4 ounce bottles . My baby quickly got used to them and she still nurses without a problem . They 're easy to clean and sterilize due to the wide opening of the bottle and the broad nipple . I read some reviews saying the bottles leaked . They tell you to put the nipple in the ring then cover it with the dome and THEN screw them onto the bottle . I do n't know why but this works ! I never had leaking problems !
 these bottles are excellent b/c of a thick nipple which seeks to keep the bottle air tight . the bottle has leaked for me twice and this was the problem
 We have a 4 month old son , Quinn , and originally after he was born we used the Playtex nursers . I used the nursers for my first son without any issues . After a month and a half of the nursers -LRB- which I had forgotten in those 6 years what a pain the drop-ins were -RRB- Quinn had trouble latching onto the nipple , he leaked formula all over us and himself , and developed a sore lip from the bad latch . He would literally cry while eating.So we went out and bought one of every kind of bottle BRU had to offer . We tried them all , and Avent was by far his bottle of choice . He latched on right away very well , I loved the clean markings of how much he was eating -LRB- not like on the drop-ins -RRB- , the nipples were easy to clean and you could see them keeping the air out of his belly . No more crying while he ate.We have only had these bottles for a short while and he does n't spit up as much , he has less gas , and eats better . He is even holding the bottle while he eats . He is on size 2 nipples and is doing great on them.I only have one complaint and that 's how they leak . It drives me nuts , I have to shake it over the sink before I feed him to make sure it wo n't leak all over the place . I do n't know why this happens , I try to keep the ring inside dry , but it still does sometimes ... other then that we are thrilled with them.I ca n't wait to try the sippy cup handles and attachments when he transitions to a cup , I think it 's a great system .
 Recently gave birth to my 2nd child and am using the Avent system again . I do occasionally experience the leakage that the other users have reported but nothing too extreme . All I have to do is loosen the lid and tighten it again and that seems to do the trick . I love the ergonomic design of the wide bottles and baby seems to love them ! Overall , I think this is a great system . The Isis breast pump is awesome !
 I too am an Avent fan . My daughter was able to switch seamlessly between these bottles and breast . Also , she NEVER got gas while we used these . I bought the adapters that let you attach these bottles directly to my Medela Pump in Style , which I found very helpful . I recommend getting mostly 9oz bottles , but you will want a few of the 4oz ones for the earlier months and smaller feedings -LRB- and if you store the breastmilk in the freezer , they recommend smaller portions -RRB- . I did n't find leaking a problem as long as the bottle was assembled properly . My husband will tip the bottle over BEFORE shaking just to ensure it 's together right , that way only a drip or two are lost if it 's not right .
 To start out with I just want to say I have used these bottles with all of my kids , and very rarely have I ever had them leak -LRB- only leak when my husband puts them together -RRB- . You must make sure that you put the nipple assembly together right out of the steamer -LRB- when they are still wet -RRB- . also you must make sure not to over tighten them -LRB- that is why my husband has had a few leaks with them -RRB- . Once you get the nipple assembly together you can put them on the regular bottles or the via disposables -LRB- great for traveling -RRB- . Pros :1 . no nipple confusion2.less gas for baby3.fewer parts to keep track of and wash4.many flow rates for nipples5.interchangable with the via systemCons :1 : expensive we have 50 + bottles -LRB- $ 200 + investment -RRB- 2 . add in the cost of various size nipples as baby grows and ur in the hole another $ 100 or so bucks.Overall I believe that the benefits of the avent bottles are well worth what they cost . The bottles arent quite perfect but very close 4 & 3/4 stars is what I would like to give the item.PS
 I recently purchased sterlizing set with 4 Avent bottles after 8 months of Playtex disposables . I was so frustrated with the leaking bottles . Sometimes they would leak , sometimes they would n't . I could never pinpoint the cause . After reading the review here I went to Avents website to find : If the bottle is over-tightened . When assembling the Natural Feeding Bottle , gently turn the cap until you feel it naturally grab the bottle . It may appear that you can tighten the screw ring farther , however , avoid doing this . If the screw ring is too tight , the nipple 's base wrinkles , creating a gap that allows fluid to escape.If the nipple is not pulled completely into the screw ring . You should hear a snap or click when it has been pulled into the screw ring.If the nipple is n't clean . Clean the nipple thoroughly , including the base of the nipple , using your fingers and warm , soapy water.If the nipple is n't centered within the dome cap . This may happen when traveling with the bottle . Reposition the nipple so it appears centered within the dome cap.If the wrong nipple is on your bottle . The nipples for the Natural Feeding Bottle and the Conventional Nurser are not interchangeable . Anti-Colic Nipples are clear and have a round extended skirt on the base of the nipple . Conventional Nurser Nipples are blue-tinted and have a flat bottom.I have to say , I think I am over-tightening . The more it would leak , the tighter I would screw it on . Give this a shot , I think this will solve the problem .
 I have had nothing but good luck with Avent products - They are the best for reducing gas and colic.I am amazed at how many people have had problems with leaking - These bottles will leak ONLY if you screw the lid on too tight !!! If you are having problems , loosen the the top and the problem will be quickly remedied . Too many people think they need to be tightly sealed when really they only need to be barely attached to work correctly !
 These are the only bottles to use ! We tried many other brands and someone suggested Avent . Yes , there are a bit more expensive but very well worth it ! My daughter is much happier since we starting using this kind of bottle and has much less gas . She never used to burp after feeding and now does ! Must have bottles !
 The almost all the people , who rate these bottles less than 5 stars , have problems with leakage . So did we first . Until I looked on manufacturers web site and found this in `` Bottle feeding tips and FAQ 's '' : `` Why does my Reusable Bottle leak?Leaking may occur : * If the bottle is over-tightened . When assembling the Reusable Bottle , gently turn the cap until you feel it naturally grab the bottle . It may appear that you can tighten the screw ring farther , however , avoid doing this . If the screw ring is too tight , the nipple 's base wrinkles , creating a gap that allows fluid to escape . * If the nipple is not pulled completely into the screw ring . You should hear a snap or click when it has been pulled into the screw ring . * If the nipple is n't clean . Clean the nipple thoroughly , including the base of the nipple , using your fingers and warm , soapy water . * If the nipple is n't centered within the dome cap . This may happen when traveling with the bottle . Reposition the nipple so it appears centered within the dome cap . * If the wrong nipple is on your bottle . The nipples for the Reusable Bottle and the Disposable Nurser are not interchangeable . Reusable Bottle Nipples are clear and have a round skirt on the bottom . Disposable Nurser Nipples are blue-tinted and have a flat bottom . `` By us it was the first problem and since we got the feeling `` tight-enough '' this problem vanished !
 Our one-week-old was requiring more fluids than I was personally able to produce , so we were forced to introduce the bottle . I heard many great things about Avent but decided to try the `` less expensive '' competitors first . What a mistake ! Our poor baby suffered terribly from gas pain day and night . We tried all the tricks ; sitting her up to feed , burping frequently , keeping her upright 30 minutes post feeding , but nothing worked until we started with Avent . If used properly , this nipple and bottle combination works great for gas relief . And when that means sleep without fuss , all mothers should be aware of this product .
 my son was 2 months when we first tryed giving him a bottle he wouldent take it but one day I tryed an Avent bottle and he loved it its truly the best bottle !!!!!
 The Avent bottles are GREAT . My daughter took to these from the day she left the hospital . The only problem I did have was the nipple flow but that was solved easily . The bottles come with a number 1 nipple flow which was too slow for her -LRB- she did n't suck very hard -RRB- , but I recommend instead of buying a number 2 flow invest in a variable flow nipple made by avent . These nipples were great and we never needed to buy another flow nipple . Overall these bottles worked great .
 Our triplets after Playtex regular , Playtex natural shapped , Dr. Browns , and I really think every other kind , just found these little fat bottles with their wide shaped nipple who , by the way , fit perfectly in the smallest of microwaves , absolutely perfect.It helped with reflux better than Dr. Brown and medications . And , we 've never had any leaking , really.Yes , we might have had trouble finding Avent nipples in the beginning , but it was worth it . And , now , BabiesRUs and Target both carry the full line.We just bought the sippy nipples with no leak vent that fits the bottle ring and presto , all of our bottles are now sippy cups . Again , no leaks , and we can get another year out of the bottle .
 This was the first and only bottle I have used for my son . I started off breastfeeding , but due to some trouble , and the doctor 's suggestion , gave up after 6 weeks . I received an Avent bottle from the hospital , and because of the nurses and doctor telling me its the best , I tried it when I switch to bottles.I have had no problems with it . The only leaking I 've had with the bottles was solved by rescrewing the lid .
 I have never had a problem with the regular bottles leaking . Now the disposable ones I did BUT the only reason why they did is the fact I used the clear nipples instead of the BLUE flat edge ones that are made to go with the disposable system . This product saved me with breastfeeding . My son has had NO problems with nipple confusion and continues to switch between the AVENT bottles and `` mom '' . I highly recommend this to any nursing mother and I will use it again with our next child as well ! All the lactation consultants and books say NOT to move off of the newborn or level 1 nipple if you are breastfeeding , the entire time of your nursing experience . Larger holes in the higher stages could hamper your efforts of nursing . GOOD LUCK !
 I have not had any leaking problems with any of the AVENT bottles with the exception of disposable . The reason the disposable ones leaked was when I used the wrong nipple . With that system they have BLUE ones not the clear that is used with the regular bottles . The AVENT bottle/nipples were the only thing that saved me from nipple confusion when my son was an infant . We continue to switch between the bottle and `` mom '' without any problems . I highly recommend them *****
 Our eight-month-old son has decided to wean himself off the breast , and I tried in vain to get him to use the Evenflo curved bottles . A friend of my husband 's aunt bought a load of Avent and Gerber bottles and nipples , but her three-month-old son did n't like either , so we received several of each . Our son immediately took to the Avent nipple on the 3 oz and 9 oz bottles , and he seems also to like the Gerber rubber nipples . I love the design of the Avent , and we 've had no problems at all with leaks . This is one I 'll recommend to anyone shopping for baby bottles & nipples . Right now , though , we need nipples for older infants and toddlers , since the ones we have now have teeny holes , and I 've modified a few of them -- gently -- with a fine-tipped paring knife .
 Anyone who has ever had a problem with these leaking is just screwing the lids on too tightly . The lids only need to be twisted until they start to feel tight . DO NOT OVER-TIGHTEN ! I have never had any problem with them leaking.With that said - these are wonderful bottles . I used them with my first son -LRB- who is 5 now -RRB- and am currently using them with our newborn son . They hold up well , wash well , are easy to pack and store and you are able to buy an assortment of nipples to make feeding easier for your baby based on his/her age . Neither of my kids have ever had any problems with gas or spitting up and I thank these bottles for that !
 This is a great bottle once you get to know it . Well with a baby you are constantly doing research anyway , so make sure you research this one before you buy . I loved it as soon as I figured that it took no effort to use at all . With other bottles you have to tighten the lid tight , but this one you just put on till it seats -LRB- if you over tighten it will leak -RRB- . Also they have the different flow nipples unlike many other bottles . They are easy to clean , store and my baby can hold on to them easier . I love them and would recomend them to everyone ... just do some reading , or you can call the toll free number they give you on the package and ask them all the questions . They are very helpful to frustrated moms and even replaced some nipples I was having problems with -- free of charge !!
 We tried the other baby bottles with our daughter 3 years ago and after many sleepless nights of gas we tried the avent . The gas problems went away and our baby was much happier . So , when our son was born without hesitation we bought Avent again . The only thing we have problems with occasionally is the rings leak when the nipples start to wear out . I give the Avent bottles as baby shower gifts and would strongly recommend them .
 I bought this bottle because a friend told me that it was a good one to use if you are planning on breastfeeding and pumping to bottle feed . The first time I used it I had no problems with nipple rejection . My daughter seems to like the nipple and has little problems with air bubbles . I have had some problems with not getting the top secure and so I have found that twisting the lid on counter-clockwise until I hear 2 clicks and then twisting it the clockwise gets it on track and I do n't have any leaks . Overall I love the bottles and would n't use any others .
 I love this bottle . My aunt brought these bottles for me when I had my daughter 3 years ago and I have loved them ever since . Every woman in my immediate family has used these bottles and all have been completely satisfied . My sister and I both breastfeed our daughters and used Avent bottles , which made it quite easy to switch back and forth from breast to bottle .
 I give 5 stars to all Avent Products . I have had no problems , whatsoever , with Avent .
 I have a newborn and 1 of 3 children ... my second was very colic . . so I did some research before this one arrived . These are the best bottles ! No colic , no gas ... yes , if the lid is screwed on too tight and the nipple gets pinched it does leak ... an easy fix ! Just take it easy ... :-RRB- Highly recommended from a mother of three who has tried them all !
 Love these bottles ! The 4oz and 9oz bottles use the same rings and nipples so there is n't any scrambling , which is terrific in the middle of the night .
 This is the best bottle system on the market . When your baby is a toddler you can by the sippy spout and use them all the way through toddlerhood.For those of you experiencing leaks I found out that the disposable or adjustable flow nipple -LRB- there is a slight blue hue to these nipples -RRB- must be used with the disposable or adjustable flow bottles.To make things easier , I threw out my disposable bottle -LRB- that I got in the starter set -RRB- and made sure that I only bought the clear color nipples -LRB- not the ones with the blue hue -RRB- and I 'm still using these bottles four years later with the sippy spouts.They also make the BEST bottle brush.The best out there if you want a long term commitment .
 I love these bottles ! I have n't had any problems with leakage as I did with other brands , and I just love how Avent makes other products too . I have the bottles , sterilizer and the breast pump and I love them all !
 these bottles proved to be better than any other bottle . myb baby gets much less gas from these than any other on the market . its definately worth the price . i have bought and wasted money on so many different brands of bottles . dont waste your money and just go exclusivly with these .
 I love these bottles . I have a 1 week old baby girl being formula fed and these bottles work great for us . I have had no problems with leaking at all . They are ease to clean and easy to assemble just make sure you pop the nipple into place.My only suggestion if you have a bigger baby -LRB- mine was 9lbs -RRB- you should probably go with more of the bigger bottles rather than the 4oz . I have 12 4oz and know we 'll be growing out of them soon enough .
 My baby is a breastmilk fed baby only . Since I 've had to go back to work , he has to have the bottle when I 'm away . He really does n't mind Avent or the Playtex Premium bottles . The best thing about the Avent is your choice of nipple flows . I use Avent bottles with the variable flow nipple for giving cereal to him when he does n't want to eat it off of a spoon . It really is awesome !! As far as spitting up , air , gas bubbles , etc. . He has no problem with them at all .
 I bought these bottles because my daugter has a problem burping . She seems to do well with this system and loves the pacifiers its the only one she will take . We tried the Playtex bottles only to find out she is alergic to laytex , so the Avent are a much better choice . I have yet to experince the problem with leaks but I only screw on the cap until it stops .
 I do not know what the problem is with so many of the reviewers ' bottles here , but I have been using the Avent system EXCLUSIVELY since my son was born 4 weeks ago and they have NEVER ONCE LEAKED ! I can only say to prospective buyers that you should TRY the bottles first before making your decision . My son LOVES the Avent bottles and goes from bottle to breast with absolutely NO NIPPLE CONFUSION . I LOVE them !
 THIS BOTTLE IS MY LIFE SAVER !! MY DAUGHTER STARTED OUT WITH PLAYTEX BOTTLES AND HAD A LOT OF TROUBLE . MILK RAN ALL DOWN HER FACE AND SHE HAD A LOT OF AIR BUBBLES . THE FIRST TIME I GAVE HER THIS KIND OF BOTTLE SHE HAD NO TUMMY TROUBLE AND THE MILK STAYED IN HER MOUTH . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ALL AVENT PRODUCTS !!
 I am breastfeeding currently but I do like to leave the house every so often . When I get the chance I 'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the Isis pump . I love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this . One thing that all Avent users should know ... if you read the directions carefully for the pump , the makers tell you not to use anti-bacterial soap on any of their products . Doing so can cause the plastic to crack . I just wash all the parts as directed using regular dish soap and then sterilize all the parts using the Avent sterilizer . That too is convenient and easy to use.I would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work . Yes , they cost more than most bottles , but if you can afford that little extra you will be very pleased with the results .
 I think I about drove myself CRAZY attempting to to choose THE bottle system ... there are so many choices and even many more opinions ! I finally settled on the Avent after working with a couple other systems and have been so very satisfied . The nipple system works great for the different stages which is important to me since I am also b-feeding and need to alternate back and forth between bottle and breast . The bottles are comfortable to hold and are well marked so one knows the exact number of ounces consumed Several people have noted they have experienced some leaking with the other Avent bottles in the 9 oz and even 4 oz sizes but I have not had this experience ... I think it depends on the position in which a person is holding the bottle . Worth the money spent to me !
 My husband and I agree that our daughter has n't had a problem going back and forth between Avent and breast . The only problem we have had is that they leak just about every time that we use them unless we wet the nipple in hot water immediately before inserting it into the nipple ring and then immediately serving the bottle . Otherwise , our six month old loves Avent !
 A friend of mine recommended the AVENT bottles to me before the birth of my little one . She had been told by a lactation consultant that because of the nipple design , it would help her son get his tongue in the right postion for breastfeeding.During the early weeks of my son 's life , I had some difficulty breastfeeding because my milk flow was not sufficient . I purchased a breast pump -LRB- to help establish my milk flow -RRB- and supplemented his breast feedings with breast milk in these bottles . He never had any problem with nipple confusion or going back and forth between the bottle and the breast.The other thing I liked about AVENT was that as your baby grows older , you can purchase the nipples designed exactly for his age and increased needs . Because of this , he does n't take in a lot of air during his feedings and we have encountered virtually no problem with gas and spit up.And finally , these bottles do NOT leak . You have to wet the rim with water to create a suction -LRB- like the directions say -RRB- and you will never have a problem .
 Avent bottles are great however if you twist the top on too tight , there 's a strong possibility that the bottle will leak.The reason for the leakage is the silicone nipple base rippling due to friction with the bottle when the top is twisted on tightly.Only very light tightening -LRB- using only your thumb and index finger -RRB- is needed . Pre-wetting the silicone nipple base also helps . Anything that avoids a lot of friction between the nipple base and the bottle rim should help . The tighter the twist the more friction you 'll have therefore tightening it more may cause it to leak more.On the base of the nipple there is a little silicone circular flap . This flap creates the valve and is built into the nipple . When the top is twisted on , this flap sits against the inside surface of the bottle opening and acts as a valve . If pressure in the bottle is low , air coming through the ring threads will push the flap inward and can enter the bottle . If the pressure in the bottle is not low , milk presses the flap against the bottle opening and the flap acts like a seal keeping the milk in.If this flap is not perfectly smooth and circular in shape but has some ripples due to friction -LRB- while tightening the top -RRB- , it may not act as a good seal . Overtightening the top decreases the effectiveness of the seal.If your Avent bottle is leaking resist the urge to twist the top on tighter as this actually makes the problem worse . Instead , loosen the top a little to create a better seal . Remember you only need to tighten the Avent bottle tops very lightly .
 Yes , there is a leaking problem , but I found out that I just screwed the top on too tight and after I got the hang of it this problem was history . Even so , the advatages of these bottles outweigh any minor problem ! My daughter was a breastfed baby and refused to be fed with any bottle . We tried so many varieties and shapes of bottles and nipples , she would n't accept none of them . A friend recommended Avent and it worked the first time we tried . This set works perfectly with the breastpump , too , and you can easily switch to the nipples for older babies . As another reviewer mentioned , you have to hold the bottle the right way with these but after a day of trial - and - error this problem was solved as well.What I really love about this bottles is that the silicone - nipples are practically indestructible , you can put them in the dishwasher a hundred times and they wo n't crack or even tear . The greatest benefit is of course that baby wo n't swallow any air while drinking , which is especially important when you have a colicy baby like mine ... If you do n't mind fumbling a little until you know how to avoid the leaking -LRB- some people made it the first time , wish I knew how ... -RRB- and want to have a happy baby , buy these bottles , they 're worth it !
 After trying Gerber and Medela bottles , we landed on Avent and have n't turned back since . Wonderful things about these bottles
 I bought the bottles as a gift for a baby shower because they seemed practical . They were very much appreciated .
 I loved these bottles . Never had one problem . No leaks , nada one . I also was able to attach these to the ISIS breast pump . I only use these for baby water now , since I use larger bottles . 5 stars
 These bottles are the only ones that I have come across that are great when breastfeeding as well as supplimenting . All the other brands I have tried my son spits up with and then gets confused when it comes time to latch on my breast . These bottles are a god-send to breast and bottle feeding mothers . They are WELL worth the cost , and are durable . They do leak if you do n't get the top on perfectly , but nothing a minute of time wo n't fix . I recommend these bottles to ANY mother who is breast and bottle feeding .
 In my opinion the Avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market . The disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it 's convenient for Mom 's on the go . My only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day . The bottles are designed to reduce gas , and seem to do the job . The one slight annoyance with the system , you have to place the ring on the lids directly on top of the nipples ; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.F.Y.I . - I purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three months old as recommended , but nowhere in the product information does it tell you that you are supposed to line-up the Roman numerals of the nipples directly in line with your baby 's nose to adjust the flow . This makes sense of course , but I had to call the 1-800 number to discover this ` little ' detail .
 In my opinion , the Avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market . These bottles are designed to reduce gas , and seem to do the job , while the wide neck allows for easy cleaning , and less mess when filling the bottles . Extremely durable , the hard plastic , and printed measurement features , on my bottles anyway , have withstood 14 months of sterilizing , dishwashing , dropping , nibbling and gnawing without any sign of cracks , splits , or chips . Moreover , the disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk , making it convenient for Moms on the go ; adapts to the Avent Isis Breast Pump too . My only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day.As a bonus , Avent offers a spill-proof top with valve system that allows liquids through the cap only when your child is sipping , which adapts to both the 4 , and 9 ounce bottles . The spill-proof top with handle , eliminates the need for sippy cups , and offers toddlers a more gradual transition to the next step.HOWEVER , these bottles should come with an instruction video . I learned the hard way that the nipples need to be completely SNAPPED into place , otherwise , these bottles will leak . In addition , the ring on the lids MUST be placed directly above the nipples , or else , they will leak if not stored completely in an upright position . Also , I purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three-months old , as recommended , but nowhere in the manual does it convey HOW to regulate the flow . The answer - one must line the Roman numerals on the nipples up to baby 's nose in order to adjust the flow . This makes sense of course , ... Despite the `` learning curve , '' I am a VERY happy Avent customer , and glad to have made the Avent investment . Enjoy your baby !
 When I started bottle feeding my baby , I tried countless types of name brand bottles that I had received as gifts . Feeding time became a hassle because the milk cam out too fast in all the kinds I tried , not to mention that the nipples were very different than what he was used to by breast feeding . I broke down and spent the money on the Avent system , and it 's the best baby purchase I 've ever made . The bottles hold up well in washing , and so do the nipples . I have had no tearing problems . They did leak on me at first , but when I investigated and found I was screwing the cap too tight , I corrected it and the problem vanished . I do not know if it really causes that much less air , because I have not used other brands for a long period of time . Avent is the best system you can use for your baby . My only complaint is that the larger bottles only come with newborn sized nipples and after the first few months you do n't need that size anymore . I would like to buy my bottles with the size nipple that I need , rather than having to buy the bottles that come with useless nipples and then having to buy several packs of nipples . But that 's a small price to pay for superior quality .
 I breastfed my baby , but when I had to pump and leave her with a sitter and when she began taking formula in a bottle , these were the bottles I used.I loved that they held 9 ounces -LRB- 10 if you fill them up to the top -RRB- but were short enough for the lower shelves of the fridge . The silicone nipples are much better than the brown rubber ones . These bottles and all their accessories were very durable and easy to use . The markings did n't come off in the dishwasher , even after repeated washings . Also , Avent makes a long-spouted sippy top that fits on these bottles . Using this helped my daughter switch from bottle to cup . My only complaint is the cost . They are more expensive than other bottles . But if you 're only a sometimes-bottle-user , they 're a good bet .
 I would n't use any other kind of bottle for several reasons :1 - they work great with the avent breast pump .2 - They have wide mouth openings and this makes it easier to clean the bottle as well as dump formula or breast milk into the opening .3 - The nipples are silicon and this is very important to me since I understand from my research silicon nipples are less apt to cause breastfeeding nipple confusion .4 - The nipples seem to mimic a breast more than any other nipple on a bottle I have seen . I was concerned about nipple confusion for the few times I wanted to bottle feed instead of breast feed and I understand that these are some of the best available that mimic a mother 's breast .5 - We have noticed that our children have less gas when they use these bottles rather than a normal , cheap type bottle . -LRB- maybe it 's our imagination , but we think that this is the case . -RRB- 6 - the whole avent system makes for easy growing with the child - there are different nipples for different ages , including a sippy cup nipple . Great.These bottles are great . My husband sometimes screws a lid on wrong and gets shaking it and formula leaks out the sides . This is only when he does n't screw the lid on correctly . I have never had this problem.We would n't use any other type of bottle . They are well worth the money .
 I have a six-month-old daughter who started refusing the breast as soon as I returned to work when she was 7 weeks old . In conjunction with my determination and the Avent Isis breast pump , I have been able to continue to feed her solely breast milk -LRB- no formula -RRB- this entire time.The only time I ever had a problem with leaking was if I used the wrong nipple with these bottles . If you use these along with the Avent disposable system , you have to make sure you do n't mix up the nipples - Avent has made it easy by making the `` disposable '' nipples -LRB- that go with the disposable liners - great for freezing ! -RRB- a light blue shade-this system uses clear nipples . To make things easier in my household , I decided not to go with the disposable system ; I use the liners to express milk for the freezer , then my husband or I pour the milk into one of these bottles at feeding time.Another great feature with these bottles are th different size nipples you can use . Some of the bottles my daughter receives are solely breast milk ; on those , we use the `` 1 '' size -LRB- although the packaging says they 're for newborns , the sizes have more to do with flow out of the nipple than the size of the baby 's mouth -RRB- . For the feedings that are breast milk and rice cereal , we use either the `` 3 '' size or the variable flow size.Unlike some of the other reviewers , I never used any other brand of bottle - since I pump 5 times a day , I needed something that would go with the pump without having to use the adapter that they sell . So I do n't know from experience how these compare with other bottles . What I do know is that even though the bottles have been in our house for six months , they still look like new -LRB- we do n't have a dishwasher -RRB- . You will have to replace the nipples from time to time , but this whole system works great . It is well worth the extra money!ps - if you are like me and do n't have a dishwasher -LRB- or you do n't feel like waiting to wash bottles until you have a full load of dishes -RRB- , Avent has a microwave sterilizer as well - another worthwhile purchase .
 In my opinion the Avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market . The disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it 's convenient for Mom 's on the go . My only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day . The bottles are designed to reduce gas , and seem to do the job . The one slight annoyance with the system , you have to place the ring of the lids directly on top of the nipples ; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.Also , I purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three months old as recommended , but nowhere in the product information does it tell you that you are supposed to line-up the Roman numerals of the nipples directly in line with your baby 's nose to adjust the flow . This makes sense of course , but I had to call the 1-800 number to discover this ` little ' detail .
 This feeding system was recommended by my lactation consultant as having the best nipples to promote establishing breastfeeding . More expensive than most other bottles , but I invested , and proceeded to soak my daughter 's chest almost every time I used them . Fluid leaked like crazy from between the bottle and the nipple assembly , and my husband threatened more than once to heave the lot of them with even greater force than he used to torque the bottles together -LRB- which did nothing to stem the leaking anyway -RRB- . But there 's the simple solution , right on the leaflet in the package , where it was surely ignored by all of us who thought for crying out loud we knew how to put a baby bottle together
 Do n't even bother with the cute little 4 oz Avent bottles . Your baby will be drinking more than 4 oz very quickly . These bottles are easy to fill and clean due to the large opening . It took me a while to find a bottle that my baby would drink from . Avent was it .
 I love the Avent bottles!This is my second child , so I have tried multiple products on the market . What benefits are heads above the other bottles in my experience include ... -- my little guy can manage the wider nipple much more easily with much less air intake than the traditional narrow nipple -LRB- we actually use a combination of breast feeding and the Avent bottles without any signs of him being confused or wanting to give up the breast -RRB- -- the nipples are durable compared to the Evenflo nipples I used with my first child , so I have not been faced with the problem of constant replacement -- the wider , shorter bottle design keeps the bottle itself from tipping over whether you are using the 4 or 9 ounce size -- the wider bottle design is easier for my little guy to grab onto . This is a good step toward self-help skills . I have even started using the sippy cup handles with some bottle feedings to help us move forward into that new world more smoothly.To address the leaking complaint from some reviewers ... No matter what bottle you choose , you will have leaking if you do not put it together in a way that works with that system.I was rarely having a leaking problem and found a tip from another reviewer that solved the mystery of the occasional leaker ... wet the base of the nipple before assembling the bottle.As a busy mom , I found myself only occasionally putting together bottles after all parts were dry - on those occasions we had leaking . However , the leaking was pretty minor and easily corrected by unscrewing , wiping the bottle and inner part of the ring , and rescrewing . After reading this tip about wetting the nipple base with water before assembly , we have been leak free!Now we 're looking forward to graduating up to the Avent sippy cups in a couple of months . Good luck to you in whatever system you find works for your child 's healthy eating .
 For women that are using a breastpump , these bottles are perfect . You are not obligated to use the Isis with them either , just buy the adaptors that are available and use the brand you are comfortable with . -LRB- note the adaptor fits most brands - but not the Gerber hand pump -RRB- I 've been using these bottles with my daughter for the past 3 months and I love them ! I pump directly into the bottles -LRB- I use the Isis at work because it is very portable and an Ameda Purely Yours at home to double pump -RRB- I have n't had the leaking problem that several people have complained about . However , I usually put the bottles and their various parts together right out of the dishwasher . They are usually still damp when I do that which probably creates the seal needed to prevent leaking .
 I absolutely love these bottles . I have not had any leaking problems as others have discussed . They must be making the top too tight or not on all the way . I have tried to use other bottles but always come back to avent .
 I bought these bottles when my aunt recommended me to use them . The bottles do not produce much air bubbles like other bottles I purchased . But the bottles will leak if the lid is not on properly . I learned the hard way when my son 's bib had more formula then he did . But now I make sure the bottle is n't leaking before I begin to feed him . I should of bought these bottles from the get go . I recommend them .
 When I first used the Avent bottles , they leaked . I -LRB- regretfully -RRB- threw out some of the rings and nipples . I was aggravted and went out and bought 2 other bottle systems hoping to find some that worked -LRB- he did n't like the others -RRB- . Then , I read the Avent directions and some other online feedback . When the nipple is still damp , pull into the ring , THEN put the lid on . You will hear a vacuum seal . Then screw entire piece on bottle , moderately snug . Do not overtighten . Voila ! They work perfectly every time now . I just went and bought 4 more boxes yesterday and am ready to move up to level 2 nipples .
 Avent bottles are great for colicy babies . My four week old son has had major gas issues . I have tried Evenflo comfi , Playtex disposible , and Playtex Ventaire . Advent is the only bottle that showed a difference with him . He loves the wider nipples and I have had no problems with leeking . They are a little pricy but worth every penny when it comes to my baby 's comfort .
 These bottles really do encourage the baby to have proper mouth position for latching on . Very easy to switch between breast and bottle for my little guy ! When they have leaked , I stop feeding , pull the nipple up and re-tighten the lid . Stops the leak every time with just a couple of seconds . My baby wo n't take any other kind of bottle !
 These bottles were recommended to me by the lactation consultants at my hospital . I needed to get my baby aquainted with bottles for daycare starting at 12 weeks . I used both the manual Avent hand pump -LRB- which was great -RRB- and an electric pump . I started the bottle at 4 weeks . Both of my babies transitioned well back and forth between breast and the Avent bottles for 1 year . I did notice some leaking of the bottles when traveling with them , so I strted to use the small cap inserts . Once I was ready to use the bottle , I would put the nipple on .
 I wrote a review about these bottles when my son was 4 months old . He is one now and I still use the same bottle and same rings . I purchased new nipples and later spouts along the way and they still work great . If screwed on the proper way the bottles do n't leak . I also have the toddler bottles now and have no problems with Avent . A little more expensive than the regular brand but definitely worth it . Transition from nipples to spout was a breeze and my son loves his avent bottles .
 I like these bottles a lot . I really like the shape and the size of them . I have not had a problem with them leaking at all . I like the fact that you can interchange the parts with their other products . They interchange with other larger bottles and also sippy cups attachment parts . I tried the playtex ventaire bottles and did not like them - they had a top piece and a bottom piece you had to screw on to make sure they would not leak . My baby does spit up often but he does this even when breastfeeding or when I use Dr Browns bottles so I do not attribute this to the bottle .
 These were the only bottles I ever gave to my baby , so I 'm not sure if she would have liked something better , but she seems to really like them now . She does seem to like the nipple shape and the air stays out of the tip . The only drawback is that they leak and squeak loud if you tighten the cap too tight . Overall , we are very happy with the Avent bottles and nipples , I probably would n't buy anything else .
 Before purchasing these bottles I read a lot of reviews . The most common complaint was leaking and I was concerned about that , but my cousin used these bottles and highly recommended them . We started out with 3 and they worked great , so now we have enough to get us through the day with a newborn . They are wonderful ! The only time they have leaked on me is when the top is n't screwed down tight enough . I have n't had any problems with the bottles when the top is tight enough . My son has no problem switching back and forth between breast and bottle either . The nipple is wide enough that it does n't seem to be an issue . We wo n't be using any other type of bottle .
 To whom this may concern - I have used these bottles ever since our daughter was born . She was premature at bith and was in the hospital for 2 weeks . When she came home I wanted my husband to bond with her also so I pumped and I had pumped perviously due to the fact she was in the hospital . We had no problem with the bottles . They never leaked and she had no problem feeding off them . They are just like the breast and the closet thing to the breast . Also some say they get clogged they do n't you have to clean them with the small end of the bottle brush and if you use formula put the formula in first measure the water , poor in and mix up . No needless to say I have had no problems with the bottles and I always give them in a baby shower gift . Hope my reveiw helps .
 I have heard so many people say that their bottles leak -- the key to this ... DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN your bottle top . We have been using the same 6 9oz bottles for the last 5 months and we have YET to have one leak on us . A friend of mine told me that she tightens hers with rubber gloves on ... to make sure they are good and tight -- WRONG !!!!!!!! Hers leak by the way!Aside from that -- I give this product 4 stars because sometimes I have an issue transporting these bottles due to their slightly larger shape . . most bottle bags are designed for the tall , slender bottles .
 I originally used Playtex Ventaire bottles , but had problems with those . My friend recommended these and I could n't be happier . I will never use another brand . My daughter is an Avent bottle baby for the rest of her bottle days .
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower . As with all of the Avent products , I am very happy with this as well . The bottles are easy for my son to hold . He also has been able to switch from breast to bottle real easy . They are also nice because you can screw them right onto the pump to fill it up if you are preparing a bottle for the next day . I received other brand bottles as gifts as well , but the Avent ones are the only ones I use now .
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower . As with all of the Avent products , I am very happy with this as well . The bottles are easy for my son to hold . He also has been able to switch from breast to bottle real easy . They are also nice because you can screw them right onto the pump to fill it up if you are preparing a bottle for the next day . I received other brand bottles as gifts as well , but the Avent ones are the only ones I use now .
 I absolutely love ALL Avent products ... their bottles , bottle-warmer , pacifiers , etc.Both of my boy used the Avent bottles , and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one . Yes , sometimes there is a slight leak when shaking ... I found that is from formula powder getting stuck between the nipple and the bottle , and breaking the seal . So , when it happens I just wipe the rim of the bottle , take the nipple out of the ring , rinse the nipple and ring , and then the problem 's gone . These bottle seem virtually indestructible to me , and have n't discolored with age of anything . -LRB- Although , old nipples do discolor . -RRB- It 's hard to believe my mom gave me bottles with little bags in side ... what a pain and mess that must have been !!!
 I absolutely love ALL Avent products ... their bottles , bottle-warmer , pacifiers , etc.Both of my boy used the Avent bottles , and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one . Yes , sometimes there is a slight leak when shaking ... I found that is from formula powder getting stuck between the nipple and the bottle , and breaking the seal . So , when it happens I just wipe the rim of the bottle , take the nipple out of the ring , rinse the nipple and ring , and then the problem 's gone . These bottle seem virtually indestructible to me , and have n't discolored with age of anything . -LRB- Although , old nipples do discolor . -RRB- It 's hard to believe my mom gave me bottles with little bags in side ... what a pain and mess that must have been !!!
 I bought these since I was going to breastfeed my son . The problem is that my son could n't breastfeed due to low suction and a poor latch . SInce these are so like the breast , he could n't latch onto these bottles either . He got a lot of air and gas from them . They do leak if they are not assembled when they are damp . -LRB- The leak comes from the collar , not the nipple . -RRB- I also found that they sometimes spray formula when they are tipped over . My son had problems with the # 2 nipple with formula running out the sides of his mouth but unable to continue with the # 1 since the hole was too small . They 're great to have if your child can latch on correctly .
 I absolutely love these bottles !! I 've been using them for about 4.5 months now and I 've NEVER had a problem with leaks !!!! I have also never overtightened the bottles !! I love how they are designed . Because of their width , my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months !! I also love their ` wide-neck ' , which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby ! They are also EXTREMELY easy to clean ! And they are interchangeable !! I plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle !!! My daughter has also never had colic !! I LOVE EM !!! I LOVE EM !!! I LOVE EM !!! I also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly !!
 Avent bottles make switching from breast feeding to bottle feeding very easily . It was recommened by my lactation consultant as it is very similar to the breast . If u are bottle and breast feeeding at the same time ... . I will highly recommend it . Had very less problems with gas and the bottles are very durable .
 When my 8-month son decided he no longer wanted to breastfeed I had to decide on which bottle to introduce to him . I was worried because I had never given him a bottle - much less one with formula so I turned to friends and other online reviews . I was unsure about this bottle because of the all the mixed reviews . I bought one bottle and tried it and he took to it right away ! A couple of things that I found out rather quickly was
 At first I wanted to breastfeed , but my son had trouble latching on , so I had to pump , I originally wanted to use Playtex bottles with the bags , but then my son had trouble latching onto them , so I went with Avent . Wonderful bottle , my son suck like a pro with these because the nipple is longer and hit the roof of his mouth . HOWEVER the leak TERRIBLY !!!!!!!!! I would tighten the lids , and they would leak , I would loosen them , thinking they were overtightened , they would leak . I love the bottles , but the leaking made me change more outfits then I would have had to !!!! Hopefully with our next baby Avent will have fixed this problem ... if not I will have to change brands !!!!!!
 Yeah , they do leak sometimes , but to me it 's no big deal . Yes , there does n't seem to be a pattern , but again , it does n't happen frequently enough to really wig me out .
 Avent bottles are the best for nursing moms . The baby 's mouth is opened almost exactly like nursing , which really helps when you are moving between nursing and bottle-feeding . Once when my daughter used a different bottle , I could tell immediately that her mouth was not open as wide as usual when she nursed . I also like the flexibility of having milk stored in the bottle . We kept the nipple/lid combo set up in our diaper bag , and then had a bottle ready quickly from the stored milk . They also held up great . I used my for several years through two children , and they looked great when we stopped using them .
 We 've used the Avent system with my daughter since she was three months old . So far , we 've liked these bottles and nipples very much . The microwave sterilizer works great , the bottles are nicely shaped and easy for us to hold , and the nipples enable her to go from bottle to breast and back without any trouble.One note about the sterilizers
 My wife chose Avent on recommendation from a friend and we glad we did . These bottles worked perfectly for us . They also fit right into Avent bottle warmer , which we also have .
 We have many types of bottles , and these are by far my favorite . They 're sturdy , comfortable to hold , baby loves Avent nipples , and best of all ... they 're easy to clean !! I 've never had a problem with these bottles . If you are in the market for new bottles , GET THESE .
 I purchased these bottles for my older baby who drinks more than 9 oz at night . These work well for us because we do n't have to refill them as often and the nipples work on his trainer sippy cups from avent .
 I see a lot of complaints about these bottles leaking , which they do if the top is not on just so . I agree , they leak occasionally . Compared to other products , they are very well manufactured , easy to use etc. . I would really give 4.5 but I did n't see an option to give a fraction of a star . These bottles are made in England which is a country with real wages , rules etc , and it is important to support countries and economies that are in tune with our own . Most bottles leak . I guess because these cost a little more it is dissappointing when they leak , but after a few uses , I was able to put the lid on so that they did n't leak , just practice . This is a good product .
 Both my baby and I love these bottles . I read the reviews about the bottles leaking and the only trouble I have ever had with them leaking is when I do n't have the ring on the bottle correctly . I have 9 bottles and do n't have any problems at all with them . When it comes to whether or not your baby likes the bottles it is up to your baby . Just like all babies do n't like the same food . Babies are not all the same they are different just like adults . So not all babies may like Avent bottles , that is probably why there are other brands out there .
 I have the entire system , pump , warmer , bottles , and sterilizer and love them all . The bottles are very easy to clean and put together and we have n't had any trouble with the nipples or the bottles leaking . You have to make sure the rings are not on too tight , that 's the only time they have leaked and once you adjust them to the proper tightness , they work great .
 OK first they are easy to clean . Second the nipples DO NOT collapse . Third , they cut down on bubbles . Sometimes they leak , but thats easy to cure ... DONT SCREW EM ON SOOOO TIGHT ! LOL ... buy em , you wont go wrong !
 I really like these bottles ! I recently adopted a 7 month old baby , and he really likes them too . I have n't had any problems with leaking at all . My baby uses the stage 4 nipple without any problems . He drinks his bottle really fast , but does n't have any problems with gas . They wash great in the dishwasher , or by hand .
 I just wanted to thank everyone that wrote a great review on these wonderful bottles I had the leak problem but once I stared reading the reviews on how to fix the problem I went home and made a bottle with no leaks !! Avent is well worth the extra money .
 I bought these bottles on the recomendation of my sister , who has a one year old baby . At first I was thinking that it would not be worth the extra money , and actually registered for a differant brand of bottles . I received an Advent Newborn Starter Kit as a gift and tried it out . My daughter absolutly loves the Advent bottles !! I am mostly breast feeding , but when I need to give her a bottle she is able to switch to the Advent bottles easily . There is a little leakage problem sometimes , however I have found that if you just unscrew the cap you can get the seal to work and thus no more leakage.In short , it is really worth at least giving these bottles a try , you wo n't be disapointed !
 We love these bottles and so does our son . The nipples are really strong and durable . I love that you can mix and match to make sippy cups without having to buy a whole cup to take up more room . You just have to buy the sippy part .
 I bought these bottles , and they are great !! I was also suprised to see amazon shipped them in bubble wrap to prevent breaks and the package was completly sealed in sterile plastic !!
 I 've used Avent bottles for all my kids and have been the happiest with them . The wide neck allows for easy cleaning which is incredibly important . I like that when I ca n't nurse baby I know that they have a bottle that is shaped more like what they are used to , making it a pleasant feeding experience rather than a frustrating one . I did have problems with the bottles leaking when I first started using them , which turned out to be from over tightening the caps on them ... once that was fixed we had no more problems . Great bottles !!
 I have been bottle feeding my 6 month old since birth , and have been using Avent without a single problem . The various nipple flows and sterilizer have also been wonderful . I nearly changed my mind after reading countless reviews about problems with them leaking , but I thought I 'd try them out myself . Just do n't over-tighten the lids and they wo n't leak . Definitely give them a chance !
 I am a huge fan of Avent bottles . In fact , they were all that my son would take . Of course as a baby gets older , he/she will use the 9 oz . size but the 4 oz . bottles are good to use for juice . I bought some handles that are made by Avent and put them on the 4 oz . bottles and my son is able to hold his own bottle and drink juice .
 After reading so many reviews about leaking Avent bottles , I almost did n't buy these , but my lactation consultant said if I had to use a bottle , these nipples were the best , so I invested in them anyway . I had read not to over-tighten the bands and to read the instructions carefully and to follow them . I have done this from the start and have never had even the tiniest leak . I love these bottles !
 These bottles worked very well for my second child . My first child had colic , so we tried the Ventair bottles and it made no difference for him . At that point , we had invested in a couple types of bottles and he was almost through the colic stage , so we just plugged our ears and got lots of walking and cradling done until it was over . With my second child I was not taking any chances of dealing with a horribly colicky baby . I did the research and found that the Avent bottles would work well with a baby with or without colic and reduce gas . We thought this was a great thing and invested in the Avent system . They worked great ! My daughter did n't have colic , so we made the right choice for her needs . I ca n't breastfeed , so I also liked the fact that the nipples are so closely designed to a real breast that I felt that I was n't denying her as much . The wide necks make it easier to clean them , but they do tend to be a little tricky at first about leaks . We are now pregnant with out 3rd child , and are planning to use the Avent bottles again .
 I used them for a year , with my son . I breastfed also , and he never had any nipple confusion . As far as the leaking thing-you just have to loosen the ring , and rescrew it on -LRB- not as tightly -RRB- . That 's it . No big deal . I love that I can clean these w/out a bottle brush . They 've held up great , and I plan on re-using the bottles for our next baby too .
 Like another person who wrote here , I also had problems with my tiny baby using these nipples - her mouth was just too small , I think , to handle the nipple correctly . Now that she 's bigger , we 've tried these bottles again and they work great . Next to no leaks , and less air .
 I recently purchased these bottles for my 21/2 month old daughter.I started using the Dr. Browns . -LRB- Now if you want a leaky bottle , buy those . -RRB- These bottles are definately better . I had one bottle leak on me - a LITTLE - but it was because I screwed the lid on too tight . I have n't had ANY others leak . She also does much better with these nipples . She 's a very greedy eater and these keep her happier . In addition , she takes more in a feeding which makes for a longer nights sleep ! I 'm definately happy with these bottles and wo n't change again . I like how everything is interchangable with the sippy cup spouts and handles . Not to mention the fact that they are much easier to clean and fill .
 I debated whether or not to go with Avent because of the mixed reviews . I am so glad we decided to try it . I have the Avent Isis pump , which I love . I just pump directly in the bottle -LRB- or Avent breast milk container -RRB- and put a sealing disk on . When its time for our son to eat I either thaw the frozen milk , or heat the refrigerated milk , put a nipple on the bottle and feed him . Its so convenient ! I also pump into a disposible milk bag and use it with the Avent disposible bottle . I do n't care much for the Avent bags , but I love the Gerber ones . They are self standing , and less hassle to deal with . We use the bottles to give him formula too , and they work well.When have never had any trouble with leaking or anything from these bottles . I 'm not sure what we 're doing different from other people . I have read advice from others saying not to screw the tops on too tight . We have tried to follow that advice and have no problems so far . I also highly recommend the electric sterilizer , and the bottle warmer . I just ca n't say enough good things about these products !
 I love that these bottles hook up directly to my Isis pump . I can just screw on the caps and store my breastmilk . Also , the rings fit on the avent storage kit containers , which makes pumping , storing and feeding a snap ! Avent has created a whole line of products that are versatile , easy to use and compatible with their other products . I ca n't say enough about them !
 I registered for lots of the cute playtex ventaire bottles for my shower . My baby had terrible gas pains that left her screaming in pain . I was told by a friend to try avent bottles ... Literally within the first feeding with these bottles , the gas was gone ... since I have switched bottles , my baby has not had painful gas . I absolutley believe that the reason is avent bottles are just better for newborns . . thank goodness I gave them a try !!!
 I have been using the Avent feeding system for 6 months now . I love the bottles . They are easy to clean and easy to handle . I did read one review where one person indicated that it took several tries to get the nipple in correctly . Avent does make a multi-flow nipple ... I DO N'T recommend this nipple to anyone . My son hates it . Depending on how you hold the bottle , it has flows from 1 to 4 . It seems I could never manage those nipples when I had them in either . I 'd stick to the general 1 flow nipples , and buy the size you need for your baby 's age/feeding . My in-laws , on occassion , will use the evenflo bottle and that causes my son so much gas and and misery . Now I just pack a couple of extras in his diaper bag for overnight visits . I 'd use the Avent feeding system again , and will continue using until my son is on solids full time . Great bottle .
 Before I had had my daughter -LRB- who is now 4 -RRB- I assumed I would just be able to breast feed . To my extream disapointment this was not possible . After my daughter had tried to brest feed with no contentment we found that she had problems drinking from the bottles we had gotten her . We began feeding her form a medicine dropper -LRB- a very messy process -RRB- . After trying 3 more types of bottles , her doctor sugested Avent . Other benifits I found form them were they are easy to clen , convert nicely to sippy cups , and the lids douple as snack holders when they get older . I will be using this bottle for future children and would advise it to anyone .
 If you are confused on which bottles to use , look no further b/c these are the best bottles ! I am a first time mom , and I bought a pack of these bottles and some other brand of bottles . The other cheaper brand bottles , the nipple would somehow get pushed in and my son would get all upset not good when you are trying to put him to sleep ! The Avent bottles are easy to clean and use , i just add water and powder and shake it up and feed the baby . My son has never been colicy or has had gas problems using these bottles . They are easy for him to hold and drink and no air bubbles !! I love these bottles !
 My son loves these bottles . He switches from breast to bottle and back with no problems . We 've been using them for 4 months and have never had a single leak . The people who say they are leaky are probably not reading the directions - if you over-tighten the top , it will leak ! No need to crank the nipple , just tighten until you feel resistance . Voila , no leaks !
 I love these bottles ! They are very easy to take apart and clean ! I have only had minor problems when it comes to leaking . I am always able to get the formula shaken up well with these bottles ! Best of all , my son drinks from them well . I would reccommend buying the different size nipples ; otherwise , your baby might end up frustrated that they either getting too much or too little from the bottle . I had to start my son out with the second size nipple and have upped them as he has grown . I love em ' .
 I have n't had any problems with leaking bottles as some of the other reviewers have written . Avent bottles were recommended to us by a breastfeeding instuctor . I breastfed for 7 months and pumped as well and used the Avent bottles . Now I use the Avent system 100 % of the time and have had no problems . I especially love the fact that there are interchangeable tops for transition to using a sippy cup ! Very smart !!!
 These bottles are great and I highly recommend them . A lot of mothers are saying that they leak , but they do not if you follow the directions that come with them . The directions clearly state to assemble the nipple in the ring WHILE THEY ARE WET -LRB- after washing , etc. -RRB- . I guess that this is what causes the nipple to be air tight so that it does n't leak .
 These are probably the most durable bottles money can buy ! I ca n't understand why anyone would give this product lower than a four ! The only reason why anyone would complain about leakage is if they did n't use them right !! Pull the nipple all the way up and make sure the ring is on right and dry underneath . That is all . Also , if you shake with the cap on , make sure it is all the way on !! It 's not that difficult !
 After trying Dr. Brown 's , Playtex , and even the cheap bottles , Avent bottles have come to my rescue . First of all , they have many different flows with their nipples , which is a huge plus in my book . The Playtex have 3 - slow , fast , and tri-cut . Avent has newborn stage 1 , stage 2 -LRB- slow -RRB- , medium -LRB- +3 months -RRB- , and fast -LRB- +6 months -RRB- , plus a tri-cut . I have NEVER had a problem with the nipples clogging , even after putting them in the dishwasher a few times -LRB- I had this problem with all other nipples -RRB- . My 3 month old daughter can finish a 6 oz bottle in 10 minutes instead of the 45 it took with the other bottles . Also , I have never ever had a problem with leaking , I think many other moms who do are probably not reading the directions or using common sense . If you tighten ANY bottle too tight , it will leak . And the nipple has a special seal that you can hear when you turn it , so that will prevent leaking.There 's no extra parts to wash like Dr. Browns , and they do not give my daughter gas . In fact , my daughter will burp better now than with her other bottles . She also prefers the wide-mouth shape and I know it gives her mouth the needed motion to widen her palatte -LRB- which is one of the reasons breastfeeding is recommended . -RRB- We ended up selling all the other ones to our local baby consignment shop and spent the money on more Avent bottles .
 I used Avent 's products with my first baby and will be doing the same again with no. 2 . They took us from breastfeeding through to sippy cup - just add handles and change the nipples . The wide mouth makes then easy to clean , the microwave steam steriliser is perfect for travelling , and the short squat shape is great for storage . The only one for me !
 My children were all very gassy and hard to feed . My daughter used old Gerber bottles , but that was 51/2 years ago , and with the twins , now 11 months old -LRB- almost -RRB- , we were searching for an easier choice.We found the Avent systems to be `` the ticket '' . The only Avent products that have disappointed us were the pacifiers , and the sippy cups -LRB- Magic cups -RRB- . First of all making a bottle could n't be easier ! Its a `` regular '' bottle , and you can mix the formula right inside of it ! Screwing on the cap is the key to leak prevention ! You CAN NOT screw it on too tightly , nor too loosely , like most water bottle caps , you have to find the `` right tight '' , which only took us about a week until we were able to put on the cap without hesitation or confusion . If your nipples are treated well , and the cap is on correctly , the Avents WILL NOT LEAK ! I can even shake them , but to no prevail . They are also EXTREMELY sturdy bottles , the plastic probably wouldnt break if a hippopotamus stepped on it ! I also love that if you put the `` caps '' on the nipples , they are protected , and if in one of those diaper bag bottle holders , they wont ruin your belongings while on the go . I also love that its easy to clean Avent bottles as well . We scrub the nipples with a SPONGY nipple brush , and clean the bottles with a spongy bottle brush ... it gets most of the gunk out , and then the dishwasher does the rest ! I love that the Avent bottles come with a `` natural '' , soft nipple , so that baby can latch on at any age . I also love that every single Avent product is interchangeable ! From the breast pump , to the Magic Cups , to storage containers , each Avent product can fit on any others!As for preventing gas/reflux , we found it to work just as well as the Ventaires , the liner bottles , and the Gerbers ... The Dr. Browns will barely beat out the Avents , but they are MUCH more time consuming , and high maintenance in the sense that you can not mess ONE thing up , or the bottle will fail you.We love the Avents , and the boys love them too ... We will be sad when we move onto sippy cups , but the Avents certainly are bottles that everyone should TRY !
 I love these bottles and so does my son . I like that you can change the flow of the nipple . Some bottles mainly the cheap ones you ca n't do that with . I have never had a leak problem . I also do n't wash mine in the dishwasher . I soak them and wash them with the Avent bottle and nipple cleaner . Works great . My son never had a problem with the nipple either . He is mainly breastfed so the nipple was important to me in deciding with bottles . This has never been a problem for him . He always goes right back to the breast . I will by these bottles for all of my children .
 These bottles are small enough to fit in a diaper bag and wide enough to hold comfortably in your hand . The two problems I had with the bottles were the price and the leaks . I could have bought the cheaper bottles but I liked the breast pump for the Avent feeding system . The leaks were prevented by keeping the ring dry when I screwed it onto the bottle , otherwise the existing milk in the ring would leak .
 I really like these bottles . I purchased a couple of these and the Playtex ventaire bottles after deciding buying disposable liners for the playtex disposable was getting expensive . I like both the ventaire and the Avent bottles . I have NEVER had a leaking problem with the Avent bottles and the best part is that they do n't have as many parts to clean as the ventaire bottles . I have stopped using the ventaire bottle because the parts are wearing out and beginning to leak ... very frustrating.My son had no problem switching from breast to bottle , as I went back to work part-time . He is now almost 8 months old and these bottles are still holding strong . I will definitely be using these for our next child ...
 I went through 4 different bottle systems -LRB- and a lot of $ $ -RRB- - and I 'm sticking with Avent . Easy to clean - easy to use - no problems .
 My baby is almost 3weeks old , and is a breastfed baby . We use the bottles to feed him when we go out somewhere or leave him with my mother for a few hours . He has no problems using these bottles . He has no problems with gas or nipple confusion . So far these bottles are working great . The avent system works well with the pump and all the little storage containers . I would recommend it .
 The Avent line of bottles came highly recomended . I am a first time mom and had no clue of what brand to pick . I have had no problems with these bottles . The top leaked on me one time , but I think it was because the ring was not screwed in properly . I readjusted the ring and it did not leak further.We wash them with a bottle cleaner , let them dry and sterilize them with the Avent sterilizer -LRB- which I highly recomend ! -RRB- . We also heat them up in the Avent bottle warmer . -LRB- My husband got a little carried away with the brand and purchased almost the whole line of products , but I must say I am happy he did . -RRB- The sanitizer comes with a pair of tongs to pull the nipple through the ring . You can really tell that the nipple is in the ring properly . I am not sure if that is why there has been virtually no leaking , but I must say I am surpirsed that anyone has had any problems . I have seen alot of foam when I use the powder formula , but when I use the concentrated , mix with water type , I have only had a little bit of bubbles.My baby was over 9 pounds when born and we started her on the number 2 nipple . The 1 's were hard for her to feed from . She also had no problem switching from breast to bottle at all . The bottles are comfortable to hold and easy to take care of . I am glad they were recomended to me and can not imagine using another type .
 The Avent line of bottles came highly recomended . I am a first time mom and had no clue of what brand to pick . I have had no problems with these bottles . The top leaked on me one time , but I think it was because the ring was not screwed in properly . I readjusted the ring and it did not leak further.We wash them with a bottle cleaner , let them dry and sterilize them with the Avent sterilizer -LRB- which I highly recomend ! -RRB- . We also heat them up in the Avent bottle warmer . -LRB- My husband got a little carried away with the brand and purchased almost the whole line of products , but I must say I am happy he did . -RRB- The sanitizer comes with a pair of tongs to pull the nipple through the ring . You can really tell that the nipple is in the ring properly . I am not sure if that is why there has been virtually no leaking , but I must say I am surpirsed that anyone has had any problems . I have seen alot of foam when I use the powder formula , but when I use the concentrated , mix with water type , I have only had a little bit of bubbles.My baby was over 9 pounds when born and we started her on the number 2 nipple . The 1 's were hard for her to feed from . She also had no problem switching from breast to bottle at all . The bottles are comfortable to hold and easy to take care of . I am glad they were recomended to me and can not imagine using another type .
 I love the Avent bottles . My daughter has been using them for over five months now . She was breastfed while I was on maternity leave , but needed breastmilk in bottles when I returned to work . She has never had any problems . I love that the bottles come with covers to convert them into containers . I use the small ones now for her food . I also love that the sippy cup attachments fit the bottles as well . Very durable , easy to clean .
 We were trying to wean for a long time and tried A LOT of different bottles and nipples . Playtex Natural Latch , Natural Action , Orthodontic , Avance , Gerber Contour . Finally we weaned to the Playtex Natural Latch -LRB- great for gas -RRB- but we found that even the fast flow nipple was too slow . My 6 month old son would get tired and stop at 3oz . We also did n't like the thought of buying those disposable bags for a long period of time . I had the Avent bottles because I had bought the travel pack -LRB- pump and 4 bottles -RRB- . I tried him on the Avent again and he took to it like a duck to water . It flowed much easier for him and he now takes 6.5 oz . He has less gas with the Avent than with the Gerber.I 've never had any problems with leaking . I hand wash them with a bottle brush and will put them in the dishwasher once a week . The wide mouth makes washing and mixing very easy . I do not put the nipples or collars in the dishwasher.I also find them easy to hold and like the handles that you can buy to help the baby hold the bottle . The caps are also great and convenient.And an added bonus is that I think they are very attractive . No more trying to match the pink collar to the pink cap and the pink bottle , the green to the green , the blue to the blue etc. ... Nice simple white.One downside , if you can call it that , is that I find the one way air flow creates a lot of `` milk foam '' inside the bottle . I think it amounts to about .5 oz that ends up as foam so I just add an extra .5 oz of formula.I also have to say that we tried this bottle when he was 2months old and it was too much for him to handle . Even the # 1 nipple was too fast , he was gulping and it seemed to be too hard for him . We did have to wait until he was weaned and already comfortable with a nipple to try it again .
 After three tries with other bottles to include the poular Dr. Smith bottles we ended up with Avent . It has cut down on my sons gass and only every now and then does he need to be burped . Our son is just turning 4 months and these bottles hit the spot . We were having major trouble with gas and nothing else worked but these bottles . For first time mommies dont invest alot of money into the smaller 4 oz size just go with the larger because you can turn them into sippy cups when your baby is ready ! I bought just two of the 4 oz size so my son can practice holding his bottle by himself . The 9 oz sometime get too heavy for him ! Hope this helps !
 I switched to these bottles when DD was approx . 5 months old . I * love * these bottles . They have been wonderful for her spit up issues and they are easy for both her and I to hold . Let me start by saying I was very hesistant about buying this bottle due to the bad reviews about it leaking . I have not had this problem . I have found -LRB- another user posted this and it works -RRB- that you should always assemble the nipple and the ring whilst wet and when you are screwing the ring on to the bottle , give it a counter clockwise turn until you hear it `` click '' into place and then proceed to turn it clockwise until closed . Also , do not tighten it down like Heman would . You just need it to be closed and sealed . Another thing that made my purchase worry free was the fact that I bought them from Babies R Us and told them of my concerns and they told me if the bottles leaked , I could bring them back with my receipt . All in all , these bottles are great and we have not had one problem . I will use these with any subsequent babies as well .
 My daughter was born 3 & 1/2 weeks early and had to stay at the hospital for a week , she was lazy at the breast but did great with these bottles which came highly recommended by a friend . I only have an ocassional problem with leakage when you twist it shut it seems that every 1 in 10 times it leaks . I do n't mind the leaking except that it takes several tries to re-twist it before it stops leaking . I hate losing precious breastmilk to leaks , thats why I gave it only 4 stars .
 I have used Avent bottles several times over the past 5 or 6 years , and the ONLY time I have had problems with leaking is when I did n't screw the lid on correctly . I wish the nipple was just a little bit shorter , but other than that , I think Avent bottles are just fine . We will continue using them for our children .
 We think these bottles are very durable and easy to use . The markings did n't come off in the dishwasher , even after repeated washings . Also , Avent makes a long-spouted sippy top that fits on these bottles . Using this helps switch from bottle to cup .
 I can not understand how anyone can give these bottles a bad rating . I have tried about every brand on the market and this brand is hands down the best bottle on the market . All you have to do is make sure the tops are screwed on right . I have 9 bottles and none of them leak .
 I literally spent hours researching baby bottles online . Before having my son , I had zero experience with babies and wanted everything perfect . I was hesitant at first to purchase these bottles as there were several reviews about the leaking . I have never had a leak and my son is 3 months old and bottle fed exclusivley . I just think the people are screwing them on too tightly which breaks the seal of the nipple . The bottles are extremely durable and show no signs of wear . The only drawback is that they are kind of pricey . I purchased 12 bottles and needed every single one . The replacement cost for replacing the nipples monthly until 4 months is costly too . About $ 5.00 for 2 . That is $ 30.00 a month for me with 12 bottles . Also , save a little money and skip the 4 ounce bottles . 9 ounce bottles hold 4 ounces just as well , and they wo n't grow out of them in a month!By the way-the Munchkin basket for dishwashers is an excellent companion for cleaning these bottles in the dishwasher . One for the nipples and one for the white rings.These are the only bottles I 'll ever use .
 I like the avent bottles a lot ... the tops are extra wide to be able to put formula mix in , without getting it all over the counter . I do n't think these bottles seem to help my son with gas , he 's just a baby , and they are generally gassy . The bottles do tend to leak if the inside of the white ring is not completely dry first . Overall I 've been pretty happy with them though , I 've never contempated switching . ** I do however recommend just skipping the 4 oz bottles and buying just all 9 oz bottles ... My son is 3 weeks old and is already taking 6 oz , so anytime we use the 4 oz bottles , we have to make an additional 2 oz after he empties the bottle . I wish I had just registered for another package of 9 oz instead of 4 oz .
 These are the only bottles that our daughter will use . I really love them , but wish they were n't so wide as it is so hard to get her to hold them herself now that she 's old enough to try . I do have a problem with leaking occasionally when I 've shaken the bottle to mix milk around .
 These bottles are pretty good . I do n't think the nipple is too hard . You have to be careful not to screw the cap too tightly because it will leak . They are a little too heavy for the baby to hold also , but overall I think they are well worth the money .
 When my son was born , I was breast feeding him . At 2 weeks he had to switch to bottle for 2 days . I used the Avent bottles and he had no problems . He is now 1 month and I both breast feed and bottle feed . The Avent bottles are wonderful ; he can switch back and forth with out any problems .
 The Avent bottles are great if you breastfeed , but I would caution you not to put them in your dishwasher . All of my 9oz bottles have cracks in them because of the dishwashing detergent -LRB- according to Avent -RRB- . I called Cascade and they told me the manufacturer of the dishwasher is to blame . On any account , Cascade and Avent both recommend using a gentle , not antibacterial soap on these bottles . If you notice star like cracks on your bottles call Avent 's customer service .
 We love everything about the Avent bottle system EXCEPT for the leaks that occasionally happen . I had to go on the Avent website to find out why the bottles leak . Contrary to logically thinking , the more you tighten the bottle , the more it leaks . They recommend that you wet the nipple before inserting it into the white screw ring . Then insert it and hand tighten the assembly . If you overtighten , it may still leak . Ours still occasionally leak , and when that happens , if you just unscrew it and rescrew the top back on , it usually holds.A little extra work to make the bottles work properly , but we feel that is a small sacrifice , once you know how to solve the problem.Avent would be wise to provide some literature describing how to solve the leaky bottle syndrome ... but then they would be overtly admitting a flaw in their bottles . So I 'm not too optimistic that they will provide such info other than in the FAQ section of their website .
 Let me first say that my son is a picky baby . As a breastfeeding mother , I dreaded going back to work . I was afraid that my newborn would , like his big brother , decide that it was less effort to feed from a bottle than the breast . So I tried to find bottles that were as close the the `` real thing '' as possible . I tried the Evenflo bottles and he had no interest in them , I then tried the Playtex bottles and once again he would n't take them . Finally , I found the Avent bottles . I was a little skeptical about these because they are bigger and bulkier than the typical bottles on the market . But once my son tried these bottles I was sold . He was happy which meant I was happy . And , the Avent nipples are the closet thing to the `` real thing '' that I 've found on the market.I have never had a problem with leaking . At first I was a little disgruntled that they did not have the flat caps to make travel a little easier , but now they may lids that you pop out the center disc and pop in a nipple and you 're good to go . My only other complaint is that I had to clear out a little more storage space for the bottles . But when you compare a happy baby with the loss of a little cabinet space , it 's a no brainer which one is more important .
 I love Avent products , and so does my baby . I was given an infant feeding set by a friend before my daughter was born , and when I choose to bottle feed when she was about a month old , the Avent system made the change so easy . I love how the system will grow with my baby.However , I did have some problems with leaks so I did a bit of testing to determine which part of the assembled bottle was faulty.I discovered that some of the teats still had little bits of silicon left at the base from the manufacturing process -LRB- I 'm sure there 's a name for that ! -RRB- which was preventing them from sealing properly.Easily fixed - just run your finger around the inside and outside of the base of the teat , and if there are any bits of silicon sticking out , pull 'em off !
 Unlike a couple of reviews I read , the only times I 've had problems with the Avent bottles leaking is when I screwed the cap on badly or had the nipple in wrong . Otherwise , they are perfect . We were told that there may be `` nipple confusion '' if a baby goes from back and forth from breast to bottle but we have n't had a problem whatsoever . These nipples are enough like the breast that he does just fine . -LRB- His mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth , like the breast . -RRB- I also use -LRB- and love -RRB- the Avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple . It could n't be easier .
 I returned full time to work after 7 weeks of maternity leave . I had breastfed my baby and was afraid he would n't go back to the breast if he received bottles while I was at work . He accepted the Avent bottle but would he go back to the breast ? He sure did , I had absolutely no problem . He was so receptive to the breast and the bottle ... I dont think he knew the difference . My husband also enjoyed the fact that he could be involved in feeding while I was at work . This made going back to work a little easier .
 As a first time mom , I was confused about what bottle to use for my baby . After a lot of research , I decided to use Playtex 's Vent-Aire bottles and they worked out great ... no colic and minimal gas ... they were great ... UNTIL my baby started drinking 6 + ounces of formula in one feeding . The 6oz bottles - AND - the 9oz bottles both did n't have enough room for proper mixing of powder formula . The formula would get stuck at the nipple and it was very inconvenient to shake and try to get it to mix well.Despite all of the negative reviews on this website and the unsolicited advice of a well-intentioned stranger at Target who also warned me about the leaks she experienced with these bottles , I went ahead and decided to try them out myself!I 'm sure glad I was not swayed from my decision to give these great bottles a try ! They are so easy to clean -LRB- compared to the Vent-Aire bottles -RRB- and mixing powder formula is not a problem at all ! My baby can hold the bottle with no problem . Quite the change from the Vent-Aire bottles.It is worth mentioning that I did have an incident where the Avent bottle leaked , but that was because I was not following the directions properly . If moisture gets trapped at the lip of the base of the nipple , it obviously wo n't seal right .
 I purchased the Avent Isis pump before my daughter was born , and when she was born she had a horrible time learning to latch on . She was n't eating hardly at all so at 1 week old -LRB- after a week of feeding with a syringe while nursing ... -RRB- we gave her a bottle . I really wanted to nurse her and was so afraid she 'd get `` nipple confusion '' or not want to go back to breastfeeding . She did great ! These bottles really helped her out , she nurses very well after using these bottles for 3 weeks straight . But now that she is 3 months old , she wo n't take the bottles , she spits it out and screams or it seems to gag her . She can eat with the Evenflo Sensitive Response Wide Nipples though , as long as mom is not around ! I love that the avent products are all interchangeable ... bottles , cups , pump .
 I had breast feeding problems during my daughter 's first week and had to start using a bottle way before I had originally planned . We tried several different kinds of bottles -LRB- all those kind your friends tell you about -RRB- and she would only take the Avent bottles . I love the wide mouth -- it make pouring breast milk from storage bags so easy and cleaning was easy too.I have handles and some sippy nipples too so she uses them as sippy cups with handles . Very versatile . I was very disappointed not to breast feed , but daddy loved feeding her and it was more convenient when we were out and about . I recommend Avent to all my pregnant friends !
 Many people complain about leaking and I must admit that it happened to me a few times too . So to prevent it from leaking I would screw on the top as tight as I could , and it would still leak . So that 's when I figure it out.If you screw on the top too tight it will leak.Im telling you that this is true . My bottles have not leaked once since I figured this out . Just tighten it until it just first feels tight , and it will not leak.Saying that , I absolutly LOVE these bottles . The wide mounth is easy to clean . It 's easy to figure out which size nipples to use as the baby outgrows them . And if your breast feeding , they have everything you need and it all works right with the bottles . No extra work ! I highly recomend these .
 i love this brand . they work great . they will be great for when my daughter has out grown the bottle ... i can use them to put her food in when traveling . the size is so perfect and they stack easily when you do n't use the nipples in them . perfect product !
 These bottles are pretty good . The nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby . She makes quite a mess while drinking from these . However , the bottle is nice and durable . The nipple and caps fit snug . Also , they work great as breast milk storage containers . You can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage . I like that . My daughter does n't get a bottle often , but when she does this in one of the types I use .
 These bottles saved the day for me ! My son refused to take the Playtex bottles after numerous tries . He also refused a pacifier . I would have paid $ 100 for a bottle or pacifier that he would take ! The first time I offered the Avent bottle , he took it and is now happily taking both bottle and breast . I bought the sampler set and have used all of the bottles . He even took the pacifier that came with the set ! I have had no problems with leaking . I put the bottles in the dishwasher with Cascade and they do not fade or crack . I highly recommend the Avent system !
 I too was becoming very frustrated with the leaking problems with these bottles , however , after I realized that I had been overtightening them , the leaking stopped and I have not had a problem since.I also really like the fact that the nipples start with such a slow flow . My daughter is 5 months old now and when I stopped breastfeeding the newborn nipples were perfect for her . She would choke and cough when I would use other bottles because the formula came out so fast.They are more expensive , but worth the extra couple bucks .
 This brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when I was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement . It was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and I was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me . I was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle . And it has worked wonderfully -- my baby girl will feed from both without any problem . I love the shape of the bottles -- very comfortable to hold -- and they are extremely easy to clean . Out of the four 4 oz size bottles I own , one of them has a leaking problem , but I can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap . My daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple , as one person reported . These bottles are great !
 I got my first bottles as a gift from a friend , the bottle works great , easy to clean doesnt cause gas & my baby seems happy with it . BUT rarely , it leaks from the ring , which many just mention . The price is higher than most brand . I will suggest the sample pack that comes 1 X 9oz , 1X4 oz , 1X disposable nurser + liner , pacifier & travel carrier for nipples for $ 19.99 , that is the cheapest way you can try it with min dollar ...
 This 9 Oz . bottle offer the best to my baby who have been using it since she was born . Less air is being inserted to the little tumy , means less crying and more comfort . I will use them again for my second child.From , First Time Mom NY City
 I have been using the Avent bottle system for six months and have been completely satisfied . I introduced an Avent bottle to my daughter at four weeks old and she transitioned easily between breast and bottle . She is still breastfed in the morning and evenings but receives an Avent bottle at daycare and has never had a problem . I have never had a bottle leak of which other consumers have complained . I would recommend this system to any parent , especially those of part-time breastfed babies .
 I ca n't even tell you how relieved I was to find the Avent bottle after my daughter was born ! I had purchased the Playtex bottles prior to her birth -LRB- despite all of the negative reviews -RRB- and found that all of the complaints were true - my daughter was unable to get any milk out of the nipples because the holes were so tiny and the bottles had so many different parts that needed to be cleaned . After trying several different kinds of bottles , I tried the Avent brand . She IMMEDIATELY took to this bottle and never had any problems with them thereafter . She loved her bottle and it ended up being the 2nd word that she said ! I am so thankful for this product !
 I nursed my son and was very nervous about introduing a bottle . I had heard about all these HORRIBLE experiences that women have had ... from thier babies not taking a bottle , to having to trying many different bottles and so on ... it was very scary . One day my husbad and I were buying a new car and I had the option of nursing in the bathroom -LRB- which was gross -RRB- or using the bottle that I had pumped for these reasons in the first place . I choose the bottle and my son had no problems at all . He was so happy , I started to pump more and use the Advent bottles more and more . The four ounce bottles are great for little ones . We love advent products I was able to swich from nursing to bottle with out any problems at all !!! Plus now as he 's growing they have different sizes of nipples that you can use and these great sippy cup tops that fit onto the bottles ... My son is still using them and he 's six months old !!!
 I tested many bottles when my son was first born . None of them were perfect , but the Avent bottles were the best that I found . I tried the Playtex VentAire -LRB- absolutely did not work at all , the Playtex Nursers with drop-ins -LRB- 2nd best-too expensive with constantly buying liners , nipples collapsed/latch-on problems , and EvenFlo bottles -LRB- too slow flow nipples , lots of spit up -RRB- . I tried the Avent bottles out of pure desperation for something better . My son latched on to these bottles immediately , had less spit-up , and seemed to be less fussy on these bottles . I did have a few problems with some nipples not flowing well when I bought a big batch of bottles , but it was only with a few of the bottles and when I called customer service , they promptly replaced the defalted nipples . I originally never even considered these bottles as an option because I viewed them as only for breast-fed babies , but I am so thankful that I finally tried them out ! I would n't even think about using any other bottle than Avent ! They are wonderful !
 I absolutely love the avent system , I purchased the isis breast pump , micrwave steamer , and bottles with both nipples and sippy cup accessories . I was hoping the system would save me money by not having to buy so many products while my son was going through the many steps to self feeding . Boy was I right . every bottle and cup is interchangable with one another , the pump pumps right into the bottles . They can be put in the freezer until needed , they are dishwasher , microwave , warmer , and stove top safe . My son absolutely loves them also . We have some other cups that were given to us and he prefers the avent cups . The transition from bottle to cups was very easy also . He was off the bottle without a fuss at 11 months . I would recommend this to anyone who wants a easy to use cost efficent system . It is very much worth the money .
 I bought these because I heard that they were better than most other brands for use with breastfed babies . Also , they fit right onto the Isis pump which I purchased . I have never had any problems with them at all and am very pleased with them . I used to pump occasionally and my son took right to them . Now that he is 6 months I am using them everyday and I still love them . I like the wide mouth on them because it makes them very easy to clean . They have never leaked for me but according to Avent 's website , do n't twist the top on too tight and they wo n't leak . Twisting too hard warps the nipple just enough to create an opening , causing leakage .
 I had asked for these bottles when I was pregnant with my son . I ended up breast feeding exclusivly and never ended up using them . I found out that you could buy a `` sippy cup '' spout to use with them . My now 2 year old uses them daily . They ended up not being a waste of money because you could use them for more than just a bottle . The quality is really good and clean up is easy .
 I used Avent bottles with my son who was breast fed and he never had any problem switching between bottle and breast . I chose Advent because of recommendations that they are best for supplementing formula . I did have a temporary problem with leaking , though . My husband started making the bottles and screwed the lids on very tight . The bottles began to leak when they never had before so we began tightening the lids even more , but still they leaked . The cure for leaking
 I love Avent bottles . My son had no nipple confusion at all and they worked well . I bought the sippy cup tops and still use the bottles .
 The Avent system works great ! We have never has air/gas issues , and our daughter has never experienced nipple confusion . We had to introduce the bottle at four days old and went back to the breast at one month without issue . The nipples can be used on the sippy cups , the nipples can be replaced with storage inserts . I use these bottles to tote food and to freeze homemade food . I like the various number of hole nipples you can buy . This is an excellent bottle !
 These bottles will leak if you do not use the right Avent nipple . Avent makes a different nipple for their disposable bottles . They are not interchangable . You must make sure you are using the right nipple with the right bottle -LRB- and , of course , make sure you screw the top on straight -RRB- .
 I have been using these bottles for my 5 month old since she was born . She was breastfed for the first 21/2 months , but we always supplemented or pumped . Now she is exclusivly bottle fed.I did have a problem with them leaking a few times -LRB- as did my sister in law -RRB- , but I just unscrewed the top and screwed it back on , and everything was fine . Another time , the nipple had cracked and the formula was pouring out , but a new nipple -LRB- upgraded to a 3 mth + -RRB- fixed that problem . This is my first baby and the only bottles I have ever used , so I do n't have much to compare to , but I have been happy with them so far and have just purchased my first Avent cup for my DD .
 I 'm not sure why so many of the other reviewers experienced leaks with this system . I use Avent and so do many of my friends and none of us experience leaks . I highly recommend Avent for many reasons . Initially the bottles and nipples can seem expensive . If you take into consideration that they have nipples for every stage and feeding style and also become sippy cups when your baby is bigger you really save money in the long run . Plus these bottles and nipples are very durable . They can be used for years . The pump is also the best you can buy . I will never buy another brand .
 I had complications after delivery , and was not able to breast feed . So , my son has been using bottles since day one . I have been very happy with Avent . They are very high quality . I never had a problem with the flow being too fast as one reviewer reported . My son is a very vigorous eater , and is already using the # 4 's at 5 mos.I would recommend NOT buying the 4 oz size at all , and skipping right to the 9 oz . After a few weeks , 4 oz . is not enough ! But , the 9 oz will last much longer . Also , buy several sets immediately to get the most use out of them . You can replace the # 1 nipples as the baby gets bigger and able to eat more , faster.Also , I have bought the variable speed nipples , and the no-spill lids , and they have n't worked yet . So far , he is only happy with the nipples . But , that is probably just his preference .
 I started out w / the playtex ventair and johnson 's healthflow bottles when my baby was born -LRB- I never breast fed -RRB- . I loved the playtex and johnson 's too , but when my son graduated to the larger 8oz bottle , they were too tall for the bottle compartment of my Avent diaper bag . So I decided to try the Avent bottles . I love them , they are easy to clean and very versatile . The sippy cup lids fit on the bottles and the bottle lids and nipples fit on the sippy cups . The handles that you can purchase for the sippy cups can also be put on the bottles . I love how everything can be interchanged . They are easy to clean , but a bit pricey . I have heard of people having problems w / leaking , I have n't had that problem . If you get the wrong nipples -LRB- i.e. putting the disposable nipples on the reusable bottles -RRB- you may have a leaking problem , but as long as you screw the cap on tight the bottles work great . The other great thing about Avent is that they sell bottle lids seperately , the only company that I have found that does . It is very helpful
 I used the avent bottles with my baby when she was still breast feeding and continued with them until she used a cup . I loved them . They leaked only a few times before I loosened the lid . If the milk flow was fast -LRB- as another parent mentioned -RRB- I switched to a nipple that had a slower flow . I especialy loved the nipples because they do n't colapse in and cut off the flow of milk . Worth the investment !!!
 As one other reviewer said , they do leak . We 've found that if you unscrew the top and then screw it back on , it will stop leaking . Other than this , they are great !
 These bottles are wonderful our baby harldy ever spit up . No air , no stomach aches . They are wonderful on how you can continueto buy different nipples accordingly to their ages.I would neveruse anything else .
 I loved these bottles . I was the first one to try these out in my family . I did not have any problems with leaking . The only time they did leak was when my son started pinching the nipple . I nursed my son for 13 months and he started using these bottles at 7 weeks old . I will be using these for our not child . Also for moms who will be pumping when they go back to work they now have a conversion kit that works with most breast pumps . I have not used them but , I will try them with my next child
 I have n't had ANY problems with leaking . My daughter was strictly breastfed for 4 weeks and I dealt with horrible colic . I have overactive letdown that I thought might be causing it , so I went strictly to bottle . When I started introducing this bottle , she took it happily . Now she 's on bottle fulltime , colic free , and this is the one I use . Tried Vent Aire & the flow rate gave her colic again so I went back to Avent . Baby & I are both happy . The only problem I 've noticed is that her mouth does n't perfectly seal around the nipple and formula leaks out of the corner of her mouth . Small price to pay for colic-free nights .
 I really like these bottles . They are convenient when used with the ... breast pump . And all of the attachements , like the sippy cup top fit it as well . Very versatile . I would recommend these to anyone .
 HOW TO FIX THE LEAKINGDO N'T TIGHTEN THE TOP VERY TIGHT . This may seem counter-intuitive , but just turn until very slightly snug . That does it . We tried it a couple of times with Avent bottles full of water . No leaks . Not a one . It seems that over tightening is the # 1 reason for leaks.Our babies loved the Avent bottles/nipples , but the leaking drove us absolutely nuts until I finally found the answer on the Avent website in a frequently asked questions section .
 I would recommend these bottles to anyone , whether they Breast or Bottle feed . My son was very picky and I tried every kind of bottle out there , these were the only kind he liked . The silicone nipples make a huge difference . These bottles are very durable and also very easy to clean . A must have for every mom !
 The Avent system is by far the greatest bottle feeding system . I ca n't understand why parents are having leaking problems - we have never had any - and we use the disposable as well as the regular . Every component from the sealing discs to every size bottle are a dream . They hold up in the harshness of the dishwasher , and are a cinch to clean by hand . We have almost every Avent product out there , each well worth the investment . I have never seen such a quality product . I highly recommend Avent to any parent .
 Overall I like the Avent bottles . I have had problems with them leaking which is frustrating . The sippy cup attachment seems to let too much liquid out but this could also be because my baby is not used to it ... she has only used it 3 times . I do like that the sippy cup attachment goes on the bottles as well as a cup
 These bottles are by far the best out there ! I easily switched back & forth from nursing to bottle-feeding with these . Also , I could pump from my Avent pump right into these bottles . Great for when my husband wanted to feed our daughter ! I bought them for my sister when her son was having problems with gas & spitting up . The Avent bottles helped so much ! These are the perfect size for newborns . I love these bottles !
 Intially I bought both the Playtex -LRB- with the bent top -RRB- and the Avent . My daughter did n't show a preference at first but after 1 week of being both bottle fed and nursing would only take the Avent . She is more comfortable with the nipple that fits her mouth more like a breast . I have had no problems with leaks or getting the lid/rings on & quot ; just right & quot ; . Now I am having to buy more Avent bottles and left wondering what to do with the other Playtex bottles ...
 These bottles are the best . We use them for our three month old daughter who is breastfeed and uses a bottle . We have never had trouble with leaking like others have said . The bottles are somewhat more expensive , but worth the extra cost . One piece of advice ... If your child nurses , there is no need to change the nipples to the faster flows as they get older . We changed nipples to the slow and medium flow and it was too fast for her -LRB- I wish someone would have told me this before we bought all the other nipples -RRB- . We are switching back to the newborn nipples -LRB- see AVENT web-site for this info -RRB- . Since these bottles are so great , our daughter makes an easy transition from bottle to breast .
 THEY ARE THE PERFECT SIZE FOR NEWBORNS AND FIT IN THE BOTTLE WARMERS GREAT . You do have to watch some of the nipples flow too faster .
 The Avent bottles are great ! THEY DO NOT LEAK ! Neither my husband or I have had any trouble with leaking . The only reason that I gave these bottles 4 stars instead of 5 , is because of the four ounce size . These bottles are expensive , and they are an investment to use many months with your baby . Babies only eat four ounces for a short time . My daughter did for only a couple of months . Buy the 9 oz instead , and just fill them to 4 oz in the beginning . The 9 oz is the same price as the 4 oz !
 These bottles were recommended to me because I wanted to be able to switch from bottle to breast and back again , and they work great for that . I did have trouble with the bottle leaking from time to time , but I read the directions which state that the nipples must be wet when you put the bottle together , so I just tip the bottle , twist the cap off and right back on , and I 'm good to go .
 Mine did . He 's 6 months old and I work PT so his babysitter must give him a bottle of expressed breast milk . My son does NOT take bottles and she has to `` trick him '' into taking it by sticking the bottle in his mouth while watching TV or sleeping . She is the ONLY person who he 'll even take a bottle from . Then when she finally gets a bottle in , she has to pull it back out because the nipple collapsed and he ca n't get any milk out of the bottle which makes her have to try getting him to latch to the bottle again ... total nightmare!The other day I bought one Avent bottle to `` test '' it . Even though the nipple is designed for newborns he took that bottle NO PROBLEM . And NO NIPPLE COLLAPSE ! For three days now my babysitter has had absolutely no trouble taking the Avent bottle . That 's it I 'm throwing out all my old Evenflo bottles and collapsable Gerber nipples ! Those companies should stick to strollers and baby food and let the PROS handle the bottles ! Avent bottles are AWESOME !
 I originally gave this product high marks . However , I found bottles with better ventilation system . I wo n't mention the other brand , but it use a tube system . The other brand is n't a doctor , but it plays one on TV . I used the other brand for my 2nd and 3rd child and found that the other system was better than the Advent . Thus , I am down grading the review from my original high marks .
 I had originally wrote a bad review for this product but after contacting the company I have a new opinion.It seems that I was OVER tightening the bottle . Here is what the rep from Avent wrote in an email : `` Leaking may occur when the bottle is over tightened . When assembling the Avent reusable bottle simply screw the cap on just until you feel the cap seal with the bottle naturally . You will notice that you can turn the screw ring a little tighter , however avoid doing this as it can cause the bottle to leak . The reusable nipple has an airflow valve on the base of the nipple , and when over-tightened , the nipple base wrinkles , allowing fluid to escape . `` Since following their advice we have had no leaking problems !! I also like their `` fast flow '' nipples . Instead of making the hole larger they have 3 small holes . That way my baby can get more formula out but he still has control over the flow . Other nipples just make the hole larger so the liquid pours out so fast that it just runs all over his face and down his neck .
 I have read some of the latest reviews , and I must say that I have encountered the leaking problem only a few times . BUT , it was easily fixed ! All you have to do is wet the nipple and locking ring , and seal the bottle again . This has easily corrected the leaking problem every time . Plus , I always check the flow of the nipple before I feed my baby , so the leaking never soiled any of her clothes.Overall , the Avent feeding system has worked great for me ! My daughter was already grasping the bottle -LRB- not entirely by herself -RRB- by two months . Now at four months , she is easily holding it because of the bottle 's large body . As others have stated , the bottles are easy to clean and easy to use for preparing formula!The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because I have never used anything else ... so there could be another bottle system that is better . But Avent works for me !
 My 6 week old has had colic for the past 2-3 weeks . I was originally using Evenflow bottles and switched to Dr. Browns . I did n't notice any difference . I was desperate so I bought one of these Avent bottles to try - I noticed a HUGE difference in 1 night . Last night my baby was happy and content - and I was able to lay him in bed awake and he fell asleep on his own - were before I 'd have to wait till he was asleep to lay him down and even after that he 'd be up 10 min . later screaming . I have just purchase 6 more of these bottles and will be getting rid of all the other bottles ! As for the leaking problem everyone complains about - I have n't had that happen to me but I was told by the sales clerk that you should instert the nipple into the ring while its still wet because as it drys it expands to fit better .
 After much research and reading hundreds of reviews , I decided to use Avent bottles . The bottles hold up very well . I have not had to replace the nipples and my baby is now three months . I put them in the dishwasher after every use and there has been no cracking of the nipples . As far a leaking goes , if you do n't put the top on correctly it may leak , but it only takes a second to put it back on . No big deal . I 've read reviews where people got all frustrated with the bottles , but I do n't see why . Most of the time the bottles do n't leak at all , and if they do , just take the two seconds to unscrew the top and the two seconds to put it back on . NOT A BIG ISSUE ! If you are going to put a full bottle in your diaper bag , just give it a little shake and see if the cap is on correctly . If it is , you are good to go.Another feature I like is that the 9oz . bottles come with a newborn nipple . My baby had a tendency to choke on the formula if it came out any faster . She just was n't ready for a # 2 nipple . Also , if you are n't planning on buying the 4oz . bottles , you are all set with the newborn nipple on the 9oz bottle . This is a great bottle and great system to use ! I recommend it to everyone !
 We started bottlefeed my nephew when he was just about 3 weeks old . Although our first purchase were Playtex 's bottles ... we never used them , since after using the Isis breast pump -LRB- by avent -RRB- we switched him directly to Avent bottles.Of course , with such a small baby we needed only the 4oz bottles but now , at 5 months , we only use this ones . They 're great ! easy to use , clean , and look much cutter then many others.And the nipples also seem to be very good . Since the first day we 've been using the same size -LRB- I 'm not even sure if they come in different sizes : S -RRB- and my nephew never had a problem with them . We tried to use the Playtex 's bottles two weeks ago and he would n't accept them , so I guess there 's a big difference between them.Some people say there is a problem with leaking . We also experienced that but it looks like it only happens when you do n't close the bottle right . And despite that , we still think these are great bottles.I could n't say they are the best you could find ... it 's your baby 's decision :-RRB- . But they really are worth a try .
 These bottles are the best out there ! NOW ... for those of you who are having problems with leaks , maybe I can help ! I 'd rather try to help instead of telling you that you ca n't read the directions , like a lot of other reviewers ! ; - -RRB- First of all , the lady that suggested using the blue , disposable series nipples is making a bad recommendation . Yes , using them with the non-disposable type bottles will cause you to not have leaks . However , your baby WILL have problems with gas since those nipples were only designed to be used with the disposable bottles that have bags where you manually squeeze all the air out before each feeding . The clear nipples have perforated interior lips that allow the air to escape as the milk is sucked through the tip.IT IS THE LIP around the base of the nipple that has the potential to cause a leak . Here 's how : - If you warm your bottle in a crockpot -LRB- as I do -RRB- , with the nipple and lid on , it can trap moisture along the seal . In a sense , breaking the one-way seal . All you have to do to solve this is either not warm the bottle with the lid on OR remove the lid -LRB- w/nipple -RRB- and wipe the upper bottle neck with a clean , dry towel.This would be the same if you were using a microwave , but I was always told not to use a microwave for formula and especially not for breastmilk.I 've also found that if you use the dishwasher to SOLELY clean your nipples ... they can become cloudy and a little waxy along the base . I personally think the nipples should be boiled after each use . The lid , cap and bottle base can go in the dishwasher.I used to work for KinderCare Learning Centers at the corporate office and I learned a few tips ! A couple of these are : - Keep a cheap crockpot 1/4 full of water and leave on all day . Your bottles will heat up quickly and it consumes very little electricity . - Keep a bowl full of water and toss your dirty nipples in it as the day passes . This prevents the milk from hardening in the nipple . At the end of the day ... empty the bowl , add a tiny drop of dish soap ... boil a kettle full of water and pour it over the nipples in the bowl . Let stand until the water is cool enough to reach in . Next , take your bottle brush and lightly brush all your nipples . Rinse . Let dry on rack.Hope that helps !!!
 At first I thought these bottles were over-glorified and overpriced . My first child was bottle fed my pumped milk from the beginning and never nursed . He did OK with regular Gerber bottles , except the nipples kept collapsing . I could never get the tension right on the collar to allow air in without letting milk out . I tried AVENT bottles on a suggestion from a friend and was so impressed that I switched immediately . The AVENT bottle solves the air problem for me . It 's impossible to tighten the collar too tightly so that air is n't allowed in when the baby is drinking . The nipple is tough enough so that it wo n't collapse . The thicker diameter of the bottle is also easier for my babies to hold on to . My second child was nursed for almost 10 months and would only take the AVENT bottle . Any other nipple was too small for him to latch on to . Gerber 's New Traditions also have a larger nipple , but I 've found the silicone to be too thin and it often collapses . It 's also possible to tighten the collar too tightly again causing a stop of air into the bottle while the milk is being sucked out . These bottles are incredibly durable and do great in the dishwasher . I 've had the bottle leak maybe twice , but that problem is instantly solved by simply undoing the collar , re-inserting the nipple correctly and putting it back together . It only takes 5 seconds to resolve and the problem hardly ever happens . The bigger bottles and nipples are also much easier to clean vs. the thin bottle and small nipple . I would highly recommend this bottle to any mother .
 I bought these bottles on a recommendation from a lactation counselor because my baby was having trouble breastfeeding and they did seem to help with that because she started nursing occasionally . Unfortunately , now I have a medical condition and can not breastfeed , so we 're exclusively bottle feeding . Fortunately , we have the Avent bottles ! I love them for their simplicity of style and ease of cleaning . My baby likes them and she has a lot less gas than she did with other bottles.Some parents have reported a problem with leaking . I experienced this at first , too , but a quick trip to the `` Tips & FAQs '' of Avent 's website solved the problem completely , which was that I was over-tightening the bottle . Now I tighten the cap just until I feel it grab securely and I never have leaks . Over-tightening the screw ring causes the base of the nipple to wrinkle which causes the bottle to leak . It 's really pretty simple once you know that ! I would recommend visiting Avent 's website or calling them directly to resolve problems because they have very useful information.The only small complaint I have about the Avent products is really just a suggestion . I wish they made a converter so that I could use their nipples directly on the formula nursette bottles that have a smaller opening . Even with that small consideration , these are the only bottles I will ever use !
 These are the best bottles . I have a four-month old son who was exclusively breastfed until he went to daycare a month ago . He had no problems making the transition from breast to bottle , especially since the bottles contain breastmilk . My husband had the same leaking problem mentioned by others , but it 's not the bottles . He was simply overtightening the top of the bottles . Avent addresses this issue on their website ; `` Why does my reusable AVENT Bottle sometimes leak?Leaking from underneath the locking ring of the AVENT Bottle most often occurs when the ` skirt ' in the base of the AVENT teat is not in the correct position . Try the following steps : Pull the teat through the locking ring until it clicks into place . Then put the dome cap firmly on to the locking ring . Screw the assembled top section onto the bottle.Check that the top section has not been over-tightened . This can distort or trap the anti-colic skirt which will not allow the proper operation of the one-way valve.Wet the base of the teat before pulling the teat through the locking ring . This will ensure that the skirt will slip easily into place inside the neck of the bottle and form a seal . ''
 Parents , if you are going to purchase this item you will love to know that the Nuby sippy cups -LRB- w/the soft silicone sippy -RRB- are compatible with the avent nipples and nipple holder . I wish I would of known this sooner ! I would of bought the nuby sippy cups sooner and not spend so much money on the bottles . I give the bottles 4 stars b/c they are durable but they are bulky . The nuby sippy cups are slimmer and hold 8 oz . My baby ca n't tell the difference ! It 's the Avent nipple on a slimmer , less expensive , bottle-cup !
 I have a four month old daughter . She receives expressed breastmilk in these Avent bottles when I am unable to nurse her . They are the right size for nuring moms . I can pump 2-4 oz . into these bottles and little goes to waste . My husband says they are comfortable to hold and we both know how easy they are to wash . My daughter does well switching back and forth between breast and bottle . This has been a great bottle and nipple for us to use .
 I have rarely had a problem with my Avent bottles leaking . Often , I will do a wet seal by running my wet finger around the rim of the bottle and the rim of the nipple . Also , make sure you pull the nipple through the ring all the way and do NOT over tighten . My baby gets one bottle a day of breastmilk and breastfeeds the rest of the time . He has been able to switch back and forth without any problems . My only complaint is the 4 oz . size does n't seem to practical . He 's only 5 months old and drinks anywhere from 4-6 oz . at a feeding and has been doing this for several months . My advice would be to only get a couple of the small size and get more of the 9 oz . bottles .
 I also had problems with the bottles leaking out from under the rings . Just like the other reviewer , I screwed them on as tight as I could . I went to the avent website and looked at the FAQ 's . They say that the problem is that you 're not supposed to tighten them too hard . That makes the base of the nipple wrinkle and lets formula leak out . You 're just supposed to tighten them lightly . After I read this , I tried it their way and have not had a single one leak on me since .
 My daughter was born 3 weeks premature and was exclusively bottle-fed . I started her on the Playtex Nursers with the drop-in liners and they were such a pain . It took forever to make a bottle and with a screaming baby you need their food ready fast . I had heard great things about the Avent bottles and decided to try them . Its been smooth sailing ever since . I have had a bottle leak once and then I simply re-twisted the lid to stop the leak . If you wet the base of the nipple before pulling it through the ring it completely eliminates the leakage problem . They are definitely worth the extra `` money '' . They are also MUCH easier to pour formula into because of the wide mouth . My daughter and I love the Avents and have no plans to switch !!
 I also had major leaking problems with both size bottles . I emailed Avent and they suggested that I should not over-tighten the bottles . My natural instinct to tighten the bottles turned out to be the problem . Now no more leaks ! The customer service people were very prompt with their response as well .
 I have tried most bottles that are sold in stores . This bottle has a lid that actually keeps the bottle from leaking . It costs a little more than other bottles but the price is worth it . No more digging in the diaper bag and there is spilt milk .
 My 3 month old daughter is spoiled with her Avent bottle . Now , she ca n't stand to have Playtex or any other type of nipple/bottle . I have read the other reviews for this product and I noticed that several people had commented on a leaking problem . Actually , if they had read the instructions properly , the nipples for the feeding bottles are not made for the disposable bottles . Granted , I would like to have an interchangable nipple and not have to worry about the finding the right nipple at 3 a.m. But , now that I know about the problem I keep the nipples separated . I am sold on the Avent and products ! ...
 These are great bottles . My son has been going back and forth between breast and these bottles since he was 1 week old . They are great for breast fed babies -LRB- they do n't cause nipple confusion -RRB- . Also , they do not allow air into their tummies .
 I have had to return to work and pump during the day . My child -LRB- now 7 weeks -RRB- has no trouble taking the Avent nipples while I am away and then back to the breast in the evenings and weekends . Avent products are more expensive than others , but considering the alternative of not being able of breastfeed while I am am home , the difference in the cost is worth it . Replacement nipples are about the same cost as others anyway.I highly recommend Avent products if your baby has to go from breast to bottle and back .
 I have read other reviews and I understand they do leak but you have to make sure the ring and nipple are snapped together before you start vigorously shaking the bottle . I have learned that from experience.We did a couple of other brands at first then made our way to this bottle . We like the small size , easy to clean bottle . I like also that you can keep the same bottles and just change the nipples as your baby gets older . My sister-in-law does not like this bottle , but every baby is different . And why change when it 's working . I 'm a happy customer that I even got my sister to use their sippy cup system for her daughter to get her off the bottle .
 I used Avent bottles with my son when he was two weeks old . We only used them on the rare occasion I was n't available to nurse him -LRB- first time was a funeral ! -RRB- . He NEVER had a problem latching on the bottle nipple , and then back to me when I got home . Expressing milk and having Dad , Grandma and Grandpa give him bottles now and then was nice for everyone involved . I ca n't recall a single time the bottle leaked as others complained . Perhaps it 's not the brand that was the problem but the individual nipple or bottle . Also , he was used to working harder at my breast to get milk , but never seemed to get too much from the bottle , no matter how hard he sucked . Again , maybe it was that particular nipple , not the whole brand . Anyway , I loaned all of my Avents to my friend when he adopted a newborn . She 's an Avent Girl all the way ! Now that my second child is on the way , I 'm registering for more !
 These bottles are very good . They only leak when you tighten the top on too much . They are good for babies who are being breastfed , too , because of the shape of the nipple . However , these nipples are larger than some other bottles and are a little tricky to use at first . The babies mouth needs to be over the enter base not just the nipple . It supposedly helps them transition between breast and bottle . I 've been pleased with the quality of these bottles .
 My son was born 4 weeks early . We started breastfeeding from day 1 . Our second day in the hospital , the nurses recommended I give him formula every other feeding through a bottle . The bottles supplied by the hospital choked and gagged him . I gave him formula through my avent bottle and he was a happy eater . We then went back to the breast and he had no trouble at all . He is now 4 weeks old and goes from bottle to breast daily . We have even given him a couple ounces in the bottle and then finished his feeding on the breast . He has no problems latching on . I have had no problems with leaking . I use the Avent microwave sterilizer , so the bottles , nipples , and everything are still a little damp when I assemble them . these bottles are absolutely wonderful and so is the sterilizer .
 Now I love them . The only reason I did n't like them at first was that my newborn son was sucking alot of air through the corners of his mouth while using these bottles . I think that the nipples were just too big for him as a newborn . Now that he 's 1 month old , we are not having any problems . He has less gas now too since switching back to Avent.I have not had one instance of leaking with these bottles either .
 Not sure what the problem is with the leakage but I 've only encountered it once or twice and , as mentioned in the other reviews , it 's because it was n't put on right . Maybe I 've used them long enough to know how to assemble the bottle without any problem - though I really did n't encounter the leaking problem even during my first use.I 've used the Avent bottles for my first child , and am using the same old bottles for my second . After many boilings , 1.5 years in storage and many more boilings , they 're still holding up great . All I had to do was replace the nipples .
 I love this bottle . I first purchased the platex system because it got such great reviews . My infant son had big time problems drinking from the nipple . I switched to this bottle and now mother and baby are very HAPPY .
 Very easy to use and easy to read measurements . Bottles have not leaked and are very easy to clean and to take with you .
 My son and I love this bottle . With this bottle he never experienced nipple confusion . I have used the Avent system for a year and my bottles have never once leaked . They are also very easy to clean .
 The Avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product . For those experiencing leaks , it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly . I have had no problems using these bottles , and yes I have experienced an occasional leak which I notice while I 'm shaking the bottle because I have not screwed the cap on properly . These are well worth the price paid . I have tried both Dr. Brown 's and Playtex VentAire and find the Avent products to be superior to both of these . Highly recommended by this mom!Update March 06
 My daughter has been using the Avent bottles for nearly 6 months . We used them in conjunction with breastfeeding for over two months without a problem . The biggest issue I experienced is making sure there are no `` crumbs '' of formula anywhere along the bottle lip or threads before screwing the collar on . -LRB- Can be tricky when balancing a squirming child on your hip . -RRB- Even then , I occassionally have a leaky bottle ... so I test the bottle by shaking over a sink whenever possible .
 I used these bottles when I decided to supplement with formula at 3 weeks . My daughter did n't really have any problems switching back and forth between the breast and bottle . She is completely weaned at this point and doing well with these bottles . I am glad I decided to go with the 9 oz bottles from the start , as she quickly went from 4 oz to 6 oz and I would have had to buy new bottles if i had originally purchased the 4 oz bottles . We had some minor problems with leaks , and then I actually read the instructions that came with the bottles . The secret is to reassemble the nipple/ring while the nipple and ring are still wet . That seemed to solve our leaking problems . I would highly recommend these bottles to anyone .
 I am in the Air Force , stationed in Japan . My mother came to visit us for my daughter first 2 weeks of life . She wanted desperately to feed her first born grand child . So , I broke down , got formula , sterilized the bottles , & let her . My daughter latched on immediately . She has no problem going back & forth from the bottle to the breast with these bottles & nipples . I now let her father feed her also . I was originally afraid of her not wanting the breast anymore . She was proof it can be done . I read the other reviews , & am sorry to hear the bad reviews , it just goes to prove every child is different from birth .
 These bottles are great and I highly recommend them . A lot of mothers are saying that they leak , but they do not if you follow the directions that come with them . The directions clearly state to assemble the nipple in the ring WHILE THEY ARE WET -LRB- after washing , etc. -RRB- . I guess that this is what causes the nipple to be air tight so that it does n't leak .
 I puchased these bottles after speaking with a lactation consultant . We had difficulties breastfeeding and had to start supplementing with formula . My son was eating almost 2oz at six days old -- way more than he should have been . This is because the bottles we were using let him eat too fast and I did n't know any better . After switching we were able to get him to slow down and have had fewer gas problems . I have had the bottle leak but it easily fixed by rescrewing on the top -LRB- I was relieved to see that other people had the same problem -- I blamed it on being tired -RRB- . When we feed our son , we were told to have him sitting up as straight as possible without his head flopping over and hold the bottle horizontal so that only half of the nipple is full .
 I admit it
 I 've tried platex disposable , regular bottles , and avent . This is my second child . The first being 10yrs old . I love the shape and size of the Avent bottles . Easy to hold and big mouth openings . I started having trouble with nipples leaking and thought maybe I had over boiled the nipples so I bought more . Then sometimes they would leak . What I discovered is that if one begins to leak I remove the nipple and then then reinsert it and it takes care of the problem . Evidentally when you put the top together when it is still damp it does n't always make a good seal . Since I 've figured that out I have no trouble with leaking any more and I do love the bottle .
 My baby really like the nipple size and they are a breeze to clean . Nice wide opening and the capped nipples are great for the diaper bag . We did notice leaks but once we replaced the nipples it stopped . I found that the nipples should be replaced every 30 days or so . Pricey ? Yes , but ease of cleanup and mixing makes up for it !
 i have zero complaints about these bottles . wish i had bought them in the first place -LRB- i started out with the playtex nurser system -RRB- . they may be pricy compared to other bottles , but , you do n't have to buy liners for these bottles . my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from -LRB- besides slow and fast , where fast for playtex really just means not so slow -RRB- , so i put them away and got more of these , and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about
 Both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby . We tried and used both bottles with our boy . The real deal between the two is the nipple . The nipple on Avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the Brown bottles . When we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the Avent bottles . He just could n't get comfortable around the nipple . We switched to Dr. Bown 's and he took to it with little problem . As he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the Avents . Why did we switch ? Cleaning Dr. Brown 's bottles SUCKS ! There are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles . Plus , the Brown bottles are thinner but taller and just do n't seem to pack away as well . However , if your baby is picky there is n't much you can do . For expecting parents , I would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other . Buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with .
 We began using the 4oz Avents at the recommendation of our lactation specialist , whose opinion was that this brand offered the nipple closest to the human breast . When we discontinued breastfeeding , we stuck to the brand and moved up to the 9oz size . The wide mouth is easy to fill and clean and I appreciate the clear markings in both oz and ml.We bought the first few new and then purchased the bulk 2nd and 3rd-hand . Our oldest models show very little wear - a testament to the quality of the product.Nipples come in a variety of flows -LRB- beware the multi-flow , however -RRB- and Avent even has a sippy-cup attachment to use later when our baby starts drinking juice . Overall , these were a great investment .
 After reading the reviews of these bottles leaking , I personally found a way to keep from it . When heating in the express bottle heater -LRB- after being in the fridge -RRB- , I loosen the top of the bottle to let the pressure out . After its ready , I then take the whole top off , wipe off the condensation on the rim -LRB- inside and out -RRB- , then screw on snug , but not real tight . It solves the leaking problem . Another review I read said that screwing on too tight also causes leakage . Ive not had a leaking problem since I started doing this .
 This bottle system is a great choice for either the bottle fed or the supplemented baby . It reduces air very well and the nipple was very easy for my baby to get used to after only having my breast . As far as cleaning and ease of use goes , this product is quite nice . The only reason it did n't get four stars was the fact that care must be used when using a nipple sponge on the nipple portion ; too much force can tear the hole open . -LRB- It is always a good idea to check the integrity of all niples before use to prevent the baby from swallowing too much and choking . -RRB-
 Make sure when you use this bottle , that you pull the nipple through the ring - then put the cap on ... and THEN screw it onto the bottle . This way when you take off the cap it forms a one way seal and that is the magic of these bottles . If my lactation consultant had never shown me that I would have missed it cuz the directions are quite vague for such an important feature . We have had great success with these bottles . Also make sure the ring is wet when you screw it onto the bottle so it forms a good seal . It cuts down on leaks . Some rings leak but most do n't . Also , these bottles have a kit that turns them into sippy cups . The 4 oz are great and not bulky . Also the cap is a lifesaver for keeping it from leaking in my bag and keeping the spout clean .
 I have been using the Avent system since my son was six weeks old . At five weeks we had to start using formula , and I tried the bottles that I had registered for , the Evenflo Ultra Sensitive Response bottles . The formula literally poured out of these , and my baby could not keep up with how fast it came out . I then started using the Avent bottles , and I have not had any problems with them at all . The 4 oz . size is perfect for the diaper bag . The only time I had a problem with leaking was when the bottle 's nipple was n't in the ring correctly . I have n't had any problems when they are put together correctly , which is n't difficult . Unfortunately the Avents are a little pricey , but I think it 's worth it because they work so well !
 I was breastfeeding , but knew I would return to work part-time and he would have to take a bottle . I thought Avent was overpriced -LRB- esp . since he would only be getting 1-2 bottles a day -RRB- so I tried some cheaper options . HE HATED THEM and it also gave him nipple confusion even though he was already 8 weeks old . He also got horrid gas and would spit up b/c he took in so much air . Well , I decided to try the Avent bottles and WOW , what a difference ! He latches onto the nipple just like the breast and goes back and forth between them with no problems . I did think the flow -LRB- even on the newborn nipple -RRB- was much faster than a breastfeeding baby is used to , and my son would gulp and extra milk would spill down his chin . But he learned quickly how to manage it , and now at 4 months we are using the stage 2 nipple and it 's perfect ! I love Avent , it 's worth every penny !
 These bottles are wonderful !! We tried every kind of bottle out there for my baby . He was premature and has colic and we had a terrible time finding a bottle that would reduce the amount of air in his tummy . The Avent bottles are the best . They are versitle , easy to clean and durable . Whether you are using powder or concentrate formula these bottles are the easiest to use . Every once in a while I have had one leak - but it is usually user error and can be fixed by tightening the ring . The nipples last longer than any other brand that I have found . They seemed a little steep on price when I first bought them , but they are well worth the cost . I highly recommend the Avent product line .
 My son loves this bottle . I breast fed for 3 months and he did n't like any of the other bottles I tried . But this one he took to right away with no problems . People have mentioned problems with leaking , however I noticed the 2 or 3 times that the bottle has leaked on me was due to my not putting the ring on tight enough or not properly . After I undid them and retightened , they were fine.I love this bottle and would recommend for anyone trying to wean from breastfeeding .
 I admit it
 I only had thm leak once when I over tightened the top . If you read the directions that come with them you wo n't have a problem . I also got the sealing disks and use them to transport homemade babyfood to daycare . You can also get sippy cup adapters ... I love that these bottles grow with baby !!
 I have been using Avent bottles since my son , Andrew has been 8 weeks old . I started out with the Playtex reusable bottles and my son could not get the formula out of them . They were horrible !!! Very frustrated , I tried Avent bottles . They have been the best thing I have tried with him . He is now a year old and doing great . The nipples are great because you can change the flow of the formula according to your child . The only complaint I have is , if the white rims are turned too tight , the bottle will leak . Other than that , they are great bottles !!!!
 I started out exclusively breastfeeding for the first 2.5 months.I have decided to go to bottlefeeding at least part time and thought I would try the Playtex disposables because I do n't have a dishwasher and I thought they would be more sanitary . I found out that I really do n't like disposable bottles ! It 's such a pain to have to buy the liners all the time and hard to tell how much the baby has taken . Also , because I was still breastfeeding part time , I did n't want my baby to have nipple confusion . I had gotten the microwave sterilizer as a shower gift and it had come with 2 Avent bottles . I decided to give them a try . My baby girl loved it ! I went and bought 2 3-packs of the 4 oz bottles . I did n't get the 9 oz because they came w / a faster flow nipple and my baby still only drinks 3 or 4 oz at a time . My daughter does really well with the newborn nipple still even though she is almost 3 months old . I have n't had any trouble with leaking . I just keep in mind that cranking down on the ring can make it leak.I just wash them w / soap and water and stick them in the sterilizer . These are really the best bottles I 've ever tried and I 've done my share of trying bottles ! This is my fourth baby and I really wish I had these when my other baby 's were on a bottle !!!
 I love this system but I found that they leak when I changed the from the newborn nipple . When I made a bottle with dry formula and had to shake it formula went everywhere ! I found that you have to line the holes in the nipple with the ring in the bottle top exactly and that cuts down on the leaking . I have tried to contact Avent to no avail but hopefully this tidbit will help .
 I was unsure if I was going to like these bottles after I read so many negative reviews about them , but I must say that I love them ! -LRB- and so does my son -RRB- I am able to combine breastfeeding with bottle feeding and have had no problems with nipple confusion . Also , I have not had any problems with leaks like many of the other reviewers have complained of . The only reason I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because when I give my baby formula in these bottles , so much of the formula turns into foam due to the special air vent system this nipple has . -LRB- this does not happen when giving breast milk in the bottles -RRB- Overall I would say this is a great product , I 'm very happy I invested my money in it , and I would reccomend it to anyone .
 I love these bottles ! My daughter has done great with them and has no problem going from the bottle to breast . I like that the top is wider to be able to put powdered formula in without the mess .
 These bottles are Great ! I 've never had a problem with any of my bottles leaking . My daughter loves these bottles she 's already strating to try to hold bottles herself while I am feeding her . I love them too since they are easy to clean and handle . I highly recommend this collection of bottles .
 I bought these after trying the Dr. Brown 's system -LRB- do n't waste your money there . -RRB- I love Avent bottles and so does my daughter . Easy to assemble , wash and use . My daughter likes the easy to latch on nipple and I like being able to purchase faster flow nipples as needed . Good quality bottles , do n't leak and have easy to read oz . / ml . measurements .
 These are the only bottles my daughter wanted to drink from . They have a nice wide neck so it is also easy to clean . I never had a problem with these leaking at all . I also love these bottles for when i would formula feed her . Again because of the wide neck , I never had a problem with any powder spilling all over the place . And the caps stay snugly in place . I also like the fact that they make the nipples with different flows for different ages so i never had a problem with my daughter choking , not getting enough , or getting too little.My daughter is now 14 months old and drinks from a cup . I still have these bottles , and i plan on using them for my son who is due in february .
 I have been using these bottles ever since my daughter came home from the hospital . She was a preemie and was fed my breast milk with the bottle . She would n't breastfeed right away , so I used Avent bottles when she got home -LRB- she is now almost exclusively breastfed -RRB- . I love these bottles and have no problem with the bottles leaking . Also , when I do have to give her some formula because of low milk supply , I put the small lid instead of the nipple onto the bottle , so it wo n't spill when I shake the bottle . These bottles are great , just make sure the nipple is put on correctly ! Hope this helps .
 I love the size of the bottle but every time the bottle leaks all over me when I shake it , I get so annoyed ! If I have to be extra careful to have the nipple tight and the screw capped on perfectly when I am stumbling in the dark at 3 in the morning , is this bottle worth it ?
 I like the design , and they are of good quality , easy to clean , they never leaked for me -LRB- I really do n't understand why people say they leak -RRB- , and and the anti-colic system seems to be working -LRB- I hear the air sipping out when my baby is eating -RRB- . They are my favourite bottles .
 These bottles are fantastic at preventing gas in my son but occassionally they leak . I tried to be proactive against the leaks by making sure both the nipple and plastic ring are tight but they sometimes leak all over the place for no apparent reason .
 I went to a Baby Fair today and I found out some great stuff about this particular bottle . I had purchased this before but was having problems with leakage and the baby being colic . You need to screw the bottles correctly otherwise u will get milk all over . That the way the baby was latching on the nipple was incorrect also . I also discover that i can buy attachments and create sippy cups out of these bottles . If i had known all this info . I would not had bought any other bottle and probably my baby would had continue to latch on my breast
 I had and hated the VENTAIR ! Stupid leaky valves ! This bottle feels nice in the hand to feed and my husband like them too . The placement on the babys face with the nipple is perfect too .
 My wife and I bought these bottles because other bottles were causing our son to swallow a lot of air into his tummy . Subsequently , he would burp and a third of what he drank would come up . With these Avent bottles , he has a lot less air in his stomach , a rarely spits up his meal . If he does spit up , it is a very tiny amount . The only detracting comment I have about the bottles is that some of them leak from underneath the cap . I have n't figured out how to alleviate the problem but it is well worth it to us to have our son keep his meals down .
 These bottles are great . The entire line works together from breast pumps , to sanitizers , to storage containers , to sippy cups . Also , my son had no problems with colic . Not sure if this says anyhting about the `` anti-colic nipples '' , but whatever.Here are some of the major comments I have : LEAKING-They only leak if you do n't dry them completely or put the lid on wrong . They have leaked on me b/f but only occasionally when they are wet . I love these bottles.VARIABLE FLOW - There are several different grades of nipples . I love that there are slow flow , medium , fast and then sippy tops . They even have variable flow nipples so you do n't have to buy three sets . A friend of mine uses different ones that only had two different flows and was envious of my choices!GROW WITH ME - The fact that the whole set is interchangeable is great . You can use these bottles from newborns to toddlers . You can convert your bottles into sippy cups !!! There are screw on handles and sippy tops you can buy . Fabulous . To me , this also justifies the cost .
 I used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars . I would be the first to tell you if they were not fixed just right they would leak . After trying all others once again with my daughter I decided to use these . When I went to buy new nipples I noticed they looked different . Oh , wow , what a diffrence . Baby is 4 months old and no leaks . The new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar . Then there is a lip that hugs the rim of the bottle to guard against leaks . The REALLY great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content . I tightened it as tight as I could and it did n't leak a bit . The new nipples have the words `` Extra Soft '' on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom . I am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weaned .
 These bottles are a good choice if you 're breastfeeding , but have to introduce a bottle . My son has never had a problem going from the breast to this bottle and back to the breast again.Also , after months of frequent use , I have never experienced the leaking problem with these bottles mentioned by some other reviewers . I also know of other moms who have used these for more than a year and no leaks either . I have even taken the tops apart and put them back together and still no leaks .
 Our baby really likes these bottles and so do it . The wide mouth makes them easier to clean -LRB- as if -- I put them in the dishwasher -RRB- .
 this item is not available at any store and it only took me 3 days to got them !
 The quality of the products Avent are indisputable , I echo this tree packs has been very helpful , I recommend it to all expectant mothers , and those who already have babies , who do not use this product because it tested ...
 I am a new mother of a 3 week-old baby girl , and I love the Avent bottle system . I only bought 4 of them before she was born because I was n't sure what type of bottle to get , but now that I know how wonderful these bottles are , I intend to buy more . As for those people who claim these bottles are leaky , you must have either bought a defective product -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- , or you 're just not putting them together correctly . If my husband -LRB- bless his heart -RRB- can put them together with no leaks , anyone can do it !!
 I am on my third baby , buying my sixth set of bottles . Do n't ask me why , but I am the type of person that believes every ad that is printed , and thought that there might be something better out there . I tried 2 different types of bottles with my first 2 boys , and always went back to the Avent . Yes , they leak , if you DO N'T read the directions . It specifically states to not only put the top together first , but to also WET the inside of the nipple to get a snug fit ! After doing this , I never had a problem with leaking ! These bottles have been endorsed by everyone from doctors to lactation consultants to new and experienced moms . Take note ! There might be other bottles out there that are fine , but give these a chance ! I promise , just like the company , that your fussy baby will be happier !
 When it came time for my son to take my milk from a bottle , he had no problem using these avent bottles . And what 's really great about them is that if you pump using the avent pump , it goes right into the bottle and all you have to do is screw on the lid with a seal in it and put it straight into the refrigerator or freezer . I 've only had one or two bottles leak , and all I did was find a different ring and nipple and screw it on , and the problem was solved . These bottles are great , especially if you are breastfeeding and want a nipple that 's similar to a breast . I would highly recommend these bottles . Oh , and another plus is that you can buy a little spout that fits right into the ring and it turns your bottle into a cup . Very easy to drink from and nice and soft for a young baby .
 As other reviewers have stated , Avent is great because everything is compatible and of good quality . The bottles will leak at times and Im not sure why ... but I just readjust the top and it does okay . I am a new mom and wasnt sure how my son would take to Avent , but he switched between the bottle and nursing great . TIP FOR NEW MOMS
 I am expecting baby # 3 and have used the Avent bottles each time . They work great and are easy for baby to hold . I used them in combination with breast feeding and neither of my first two children had any nursing problems.If you have trouble with the bottle leaking , it is simply that the nipple is not placed in the ring securely , after taking it apart to wash , etc. . It happened to me once or twice early on , but I have not had any problems since.They really last too - considering I will soon be re-using the bottles and nipples originally purchased for my first child almost four years ago . They have been washed in the diswasher , dropped , boiled , you name it , with no problems .
 I began feeding my son with standard Evenflo bottles . He had a spitty problem when he was younger -LRB- he 's now 11 months old -RRB- , and so I tried the Avent bottles . I will never use another brand of bottle !!! Avent bottles are the best bottle I found . After switching to the Avent bottles , my son 's spitty problem was noticeably decreased . I did encounter the leaky issue , but I figured out that I was just screwing on the lids too tight . I found that if I screw them on less tight than I think I should , they are fine . I still would n't trade them for any other bottle on the market !!!! These bottles are easy to clean , and can grow with your baby !!
 My husband and I chose the Avent system before our daughter was born , over a year ago . The system is great because everything is compatible . The wide mouth bottles are easy to clean , especially for dads with larger hands ! Our daughter began drinking expressed milk from a bottle shortly before I went back to work at seven weeks of age , and she had no problem at all switching between bottle and breast . My only complaint is that sometimes the bottles will leak if the nipple is not tightly sealed under the lid . When our daughter began drinking from a sippy cup , the Avent soft no-spill tops were the only kind she would use . Now that she 's teething , she loves to chew on the tops as well as drink from the `` cup '' . Also , my advice is to just buy the bottles that come with newborn nipples and not to worry about getting the sets that come with a variety of nipples . We have a pile of nipples we never use because we naively thought that we would need them when our daughter got older . If you choose to purchase the Avent system , you will most certainly be satisfied . There is not a better compatible system on the market that grows with your child the way Avent does !
 Whether you 're using Avent bottles for expressed breast milk or formula , they 're superior to any other bottle on the market . I tried using Gerber bottles with my newborn son but they left him gassy , cranky and crying all night . With Avent , there 's virtually no chance of baby swallowing air . I had no problem with the bottles leaking . The nipples fit perfectly in newborn 's mouth . And , they 're extremely easy to clean -- no bottle brush needed . They cost more than the other brands but they 're definitely worth it .
 I have to say these bottles are great . We bought a total of eight and they have been in daily use for about a year now . They hold up well , even though we were washing them almost every day for a while . After our baby began drinking larger quantities we moved up to the Avent 9oz bottles and loved them too.The nipple is designed to be like a human nipple , so as to prevent the baby 's becoming confused and refusing either the bottle or the breast . Our baby never had a problem feeding from either.Another plus is that the caps will fit either the 4oz or the 9oz bottles . If you happen to lose a cap along the way , they are easily interchangeable . `` Do they leak ? '' you ask . Well , I have had very little problem with these bottles leaking . In fact , I have only had one cause for these bottles leaking . When I reassembled the bottle before all the parts had dried they leaked . If all the parts are dry when the bottle is put together the bottle should not leak - none of ours did ! We have been very pleased with the `` performance '' of these bottles!I would recommend this type of bottle hands-down . In fact , I would recommend you do yourself a favor , buy eight or nine of them . If you buy any less , you 'll inevitably be washing bottles more than once a day , and probably at 3 or 4 in the morning . These bottles , in sufficient quantity , should make raising your baby just a little less stressful !
 My daughter is 41/2 months old and I have been using these bottles for one month . I love them ! They are easy to clean and I love the wide neck on them . I was previously using the Playtex VentAire bottles and had problems with them leaking . I no longer need to give my daughter Mylecon drops to help eliminate gas since I started using the Avent system and I 've had no problems with them leaking.I do n't understand the person that wrote in that sometimes she has to put the nipple in 5 times to get it correct . It 's very easy and simple to get the nipple in and that 's what eliminates leaking.My advice to any new parent is to buy one of each kind of bottle out there to see what works best for you . These bottles happen to work great for myself and my daughter and I 've recommended them to friends . I wish I had started out with these instead of the others .
 I just do n't understand it ! I bought these bottles for a friend of mine who registered for them and happened to see the many `` leaking '' reviews and had to respond.I used the same avent bottles -LRB- 8 of them -RRB- and nipples for a year . I never washed the nipples in the dishwasher but I washed the bottles and screw on cap . I breastfed and pumped for 6 months and used the same newborn nipples for my daughter for 12 months so they got plenty of use . I went back to work full-time when she was 3 months old so she was only breastfed morning and night for another 3 months.When my daughter was 9 months , I discovered the avent `` sippy cup '' nipples that you could use with the bottles . My daughter started drinking water on occasion using the avent sippy cup nipples at 9 months . It took me another 3 months to convert her from drinking milk from the newborn nipple.I have never , in 14 months , had a problem with leaking through the nipples or cap . My first bottle cracked after 14 months of use -LRB- one of the original 8 that I am still using -RRB- because my daughter dropped it twice from her stroller onto the street . Other brands of sippy cups I used did n't last 3 weeks because they were n't as durable . I exclusively use the Avent bottle with the sippy cup nipples.Because the more recent Avent reviews have many of the same problems , has anyone ever considered there may be a defect in the latest production of product . These people should contact Advent and explain the situation and ask them if Avent is considering a recall .
 1 . Great for both nursing and formula fed babies2 . Nipple on bottle closer to mom 's 2 . Nipple comes in different flows3 . Can freeze breastmilk directly in bottles4 . Wide mouth easier to get formula into5 . Purchase of inexpensive converter which replaces nipple makes great spill-proof sippy cup later on . Larger 9 oz bottle works great for my extra thirsty toddler -LRB- just do n't purchase the ones without the spill proof feature -RRB- When you wash them , the clear piece is actually two pieces and comes apart to more thoroughly clean .6 . Sippy converter is soft rather than the hard plastic on most other sippies . My daughter seemed to like the fact that the only thing that changed when we were converting from bottle to sippies was the mouthpiece and it was still soft like the nipple .7 . Can still use the caps from when she was using the bottle to cover the sippy cup lid when we travel to keep it sanitary .8 . Easy to read measurements on the side9 . Have now been using for 21/2 years and they are still holding up great . Plan to use them with my next one due in JuneAnd many more good reasons that you 'll find if you purchase them . I returned all my bottles that I had not opened yet from my shower for these once I discovered how great they were .
 Im due to hve my baby in Feb. 2004 . I bought ALL Avent bottles . I was reading the feedback forum from people regarding these bottles . I have bought about 6 already and are not planning on buying more . With my 1st daughter I had a million bottles and come to realize that I do n't need that many . So , bottom line 6 is fine with me . I do n't mind the price on these bottles I think for $ 5 a pop is pretty much worth it for a relly good bottle and save you the migraine on a crying , colicky baby in the middle of the night.The Problem is . . I read almost everyones feedback on this forum and everyone complained about the leaking of these bottles . . So , I opened up one that I just bought a 9 oz . w / 3month old nipple purpoosely poured water in it since I ca n't use milk due to my baby not beig born yet , shook the water up with and without the cap on it and tightened it pretty good . . And voila ! It did n't leak . . Not at all . . So , I guess it 's all about how you take care of these bottles , are they worn out from your previous baby , are the nipples brand new . . Because it didnt take more than 30 seconds for me to find out if indeed there 's any leakage . . I didnt purposely aligned the ring into the bottle and I just screwed it on and shook it and NO leak . I do n't know I like these bottles , stylish , easy pouring and best of all reduces air in the tummy . I have nothing bad to say about these bottles they are to me the best looking bottles out in the market ...
 I HAVE A 1 MONTH OLD WHO I NEEDED TO ADD CEREAL TO HIS FORMULA AND NO OTHER NIPPLE OUT THERE ALLOWED FOR THAT . THESE BOTTLES ARE WONDERFUL AND WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE . I ORIGINALLY USED THE PLATEX SYSTEM BUT THIS IS SO MUCH BETTER FOR WHERE I AM NOW . I WILL PROBALLY GO BACK TO THE PLATEX B/C I LIKE THE DISPOSABLE , BUT IT WILL BE A WHILE . PLUS THESE ARE PRICEY BOTTLES . I WOULD NOT USE THE AVENT DISPOSABLES B/C THEY DO NOT HAVE THE PATENTED NIPPLES THAT REDUCE COLIC AND SUCH . DEFINITELY WILL CONTINUE TO USE THESE THOUGH FOR A WHILE . HE ALSO QUICKLY ADJUSTED TO THIS NIPPLE , NO SPITTING UP OR EXCESS LEAKAGE FROM HIS MOUTH .
 I do n't understand why these idiots keep on complaining about leaks . I have been using these bottles since my baby 's birth . He 's now 6 month old and I have yet to encounter a problem with them . Bottom line is , if you think it 's a pain to use this bottle , then BREASTFEED ! It will be better for your baby , plus you wo n't have problems with leaking bottles . : - -RRB-
 One thing that I have noticed , is the type of nipple used is how much the nipple leaks . The clear nipples have an extra ring around the bottom , that if you tighten too much or not enough , it leaks . However , if you use the `` disposable '' nipples -LRB- clear BLUE -RRB- , they do NOT leak . I purchased a bottle set , which comes with the clear nipples and the Avent breastpump , which comes with a disposable nipple . They can be washed and re-used as many times as necessary , as they are just as strong as the normal clear nipples . My suggestion is that you purchase a set of the disposable nipples and try those . I have not had a single leak since !
 I have had great success with the Avent system . I gave it 4 stars as I have not used any other bottle . It may well warrant 5 stars . I am now using the same bottles , nipples , and caps with my third son . My three sons have all gone back and forth from breast to bottle without difficulty . I have had few problems with leaking . When I have had a leak , it 's been a few drops and the leak is fixed by removing the top and screwing it on again . I recommend these bottles to anyone who asks .
 My baby loves these AVENT bottles . I have n't had any leaks in 31/2 months but maybe I 'm just lucky . The bottles are very easy to put formula into and my baby loves to grasp onto the wide bottle .
 my daughter is 2 now , and I am expecting again in march . When my daughter was a newborn , I was also having a problem with the bottles leaking ... I went on the avent website , and it seems that the problem was that I was closing the top too tightly . You dont have to screw the cap so tightly ... just close it . It will stop the leaks . I am very happy with these bottles and plan on using them for my second child as well .
 These bottles are the best , because they are easy to clean and they work with the isis breast pump . Also they are interchangeable with all the avent sippy cups and other bottles and Avent makes several different nipples with different opening sizes you can use with them . The breastmilk you pump can also be stored directly in the bottles , making it simpler than transferring . The nipple form does n't seem to cause nipple confusion or interfer with breastfeeding at all . The flow on the smallest size nipple does seem a little fast for baby at sometimes , but so is the breast so its not really a big deal , you just have to hold baby the right way so it does n't flow too fast . I had one leak a little one time , but it never happened again , I guess it was just screwed on too tight or too loose . Other than that they have been perfect .
 I am breastfeeding but feel the need to have a back up plan in case I need to leave so I tried the Avent bottles on the recommendation of my sister . My 5-month old daughter took right to them . No nipple confusion ! They are the best ! Now I can be assured that she will be able to eat without me there !
 I was a nanny for several families over the years and they all used the Avent bottles . I never had a problem with them , so when it came time to register for our own , we immediately went to the Avent system and have been quite happy with them . The only times we have encountered leaks were times when the ring and the nipple did not make an airtight seal , whether it was from water between them or the nipple wearing out . But this will happen with any bottle . Overall , very happy with this system and have recommended it to friends .
 The only drawback I 've seen to these bottles is they sometimes leak and the nipples are too tall to fit in the top of my nipple washer for the dishwasher . Other than that , it 's great ! I do recommend getting some of the `` older '' nipples as my daughter got frustrated with the bottle with a newborn nipple on it as she got older .
 I have used Avent bottles for my two previous babies and will use them again when our latest addition arrives in July . These bottles were highly recommended to me and I am so glad they were.The only reason I gave these bottles a 4 is because you need to make sure that they are screwed on correctly , otherwise they will leak ...
 We were a bit skeptical when we purchased it . However , it was based on a lactation consultant 's recommendation so went ahead and did it anyway . Previously , we were using the ordinary hospital-provided nipple/bottles which were choking our poor baby every time due to the heavy flow . Besides the baby would not nurse at her mom and had a terrible time moving back and forth . That 's when we got this bottle and it seemed to work very well . This bottle/nipple certainly reduced nipple confusion . However , I would not say it did the same for the gas although it seemed to subside gas a bit compared to traditional bottles . Seriously , no bottle in the market can eliminate gas completely - it is nature people - why waste time trying to find the silver bullet !! Try different bottles and stick with the one that suits your baby the most .
 I am a working-nursing mother , so when I am gone in the day my baby gets these bottles and has no problems going back and forth from me to the bottle . The only trick is not to change from the newborn nipples . When we did try to go a step up to the 2 nipples , it came out too easily and our baby did n't want to work for the food when it came time to nurse her .
 When I had to stop breastfeeding my daughter at 4 months because of an allergy , I was overwhelmed by the bottle aisle at the store . I was n't able to get any clear advice from friends about which bottles were the best so ended up buying the 9 oz . Avent bottles based on the quality of the brand and on the short , wide , apparently stable-looking bottles . From the start they have been great and very easy for us to use . I had never heard of the leaking issue that I have read about on this website and am not denying it could happen . It just never happened to us . We screw on the nipple until it feels comfortably tight and have n't experienced any problems . I also really like the caps that come with it that protect the nipple while traveling and keeps milk from coming out of the tip when shaking the bottle . But it 's the wide comfortable to hold base that makes these bottles so great . I do n't know why other bottles insist on keeping their shapes tall and skinny . My daughter can easily support it , they are very easy to clean even without a bottle brush , and they make a adding powdered formula a no-spill cinch , even at night in a dark room ! The measurements are also easy to read . The only mistake we made was the variable nipples that I bought at first . I still do n't know how to use them properly and I do n't think Avent does a good job of explaining it . No matter which way we turn the bottle formula just seems to flood out of them and frustrates our baby . We thought it was because she was too young -LRB- 4 months -RRB- , but when we tried again at 6 months we had the same problem . We went ahead and bought stage 1 and 2 nipples and those have worked just fine and seem to be indestructible and easy to clean . As far as excess air intake , I ca n't compare with other bottles since we have n't tried them , but aside from what I consider normal baby burps after feeding they seem to do a fine job of it , especially if held at the right angle that keeps the nipple full of milk .
 Since I knew I would n't be breastfeeding after returning to work , I began researching bottles before my daughter was born . Avent bottles received great reviews and now I know why . The transition from nursing to bottles was a breeze thanks to the patented design of the Avent nipples . My daughter never developed nipple confusion and never once rejected feeding from the bottle . The Avent bottles with the wider neck are easier to clean and the Avent sterilizing system makes them even easier to sterilize . I recommend this product to any mother who wants whats next to best when it comes to feeding their newborn . Of course , nursing is the number one method . The only reason why I did n't rate this product a 5 star product is because the bottles are unusually wide .
 I use these on occasion when we are out and breastfeeding is n't possible . My daughter loves these bottles and wo n't take anything else . We have tried several different brands and these work great . They are supposedly designed more like the breast . As a OB/Gyn nurse , I would have to agree . Not once have we had a problem with leaking , gagging or choking that we had with other bottles . A + + + +
 I love these bottles , I bought them before reading the reviews then decided to open them -LRB- my baby is n't born yet -RRB- and try them out after reading the reviews . I havent had any problems . I hold them upside down and the sides have never leaked . I 've shaken them , tossed them , and generally put them through everything a hyper , over-active child -LRB- I used my four year old niece as a model -RRB- would put them through for 2 solid weeks . Not one single leak-ever !!! Even the disposable system was leak free . These bottles are the absolute best . Easy to fill and clean and easy to use-NO VENTS one the bottom -LRB- talk about leaks -RRB- . I will reccomend these bottles to everyone .
 I too was frustrated with my Avent bottles leaking . For our daughter 's first six months we would make her bottles at night and refrigerate them , then heat them in the bottle warmer . They constantly leaked - and we did everything that was suggested to fix it ! We were about to give up on Avent . At six months , we started using powdered formula and mixing bottles one at a time , as needed . NO MORE LEAKING !!! Maybe the leaking had something to do with the sudden temperature change on the nipple ??? Now we love the Avent bottles , and no longer have to change her outfit after eating !!
 A lactation consultant recommended these bottles to me . I bought one to make sure my baby liked it before buying more . I did n't want to hassle with the disposable liners . I feel my baby does n't swallow as much air . A lot of babies are gassy and I would n't blame it on the bottle . I also like the idea of the different sized nipples to adjust the flow . I have only used size 1 because we need her to slow down ; she eats to fast and gets a tummy ache.These bottles also fit perfectly in my bottle warmer -LRB- the first years -RRB- excellent choice !
 I primarily breastfeed my baby and did n't realize that the mouth of these bottles is nonstandard , so they do n't fit my breast pump . When I occasionally make formula for my son , these bottles do make it easier to mix powdered formula because of the wide mouth . Also , the lid really seals so I can shake up the formula mixture .
 We 've been using the Avent bottles since my daughter was born , and although we find they leak on a seemingly hit-or-miss basis -LRB- meaning we ca n't really figure out what consistently makes them stop leaking -RRB- we really like the way she can drink without becoming too gassy . We tried a few other brands when we thought the leaking was too annoying , but wound up returning to the Avents because we 'd rather have a well-digesting baby who will eat easily -- and we just stocked up on bibs to combat the leaking . I do feel like I am constantly buying new nipples , and at about $ 4 for two nipples it is getting expensive , but we 'll stick with Avent as long as my daughter bottle-feeds .
 These are great bottles . They fit right onto the Avent Isis pump which is convenient . I did have trouble with it leaking once in a while , which is aggravating , especially when it 's pumped milk you 're losing , but I read somewhere that leaks happen when the cap is screwed on too tight . I 've had fewer leaks since then . You 'd think with such a pricey product , Avent would fix that , especially since everyone seems to complain about it.However , overall , this is a good bottle and I do n't plan to switch anytime soon .
 In the midst of all of my bottle testing , I was against Avent , mostly because they do cost a bit more than most bottles . I thought that I could test a bottle and cup , to see if Avent was really telling the truth when they said all the parts were interchangeable . Well , they are . They also have more nipple selections , depending on how fast your child drinks.One thing I wish Avent has was a design or something on the bottle . I did find that if you buy the Evenflo Cool Pals 9 oz . cup holder , these fit in them great.I would suggest only getting 2 packs of these , couple of Magic Cups with handles and some extra spouts -LRB- have at least 2 green ones and 1 white one -RRB- .
 I NOTICE IF THE RING IS SCREWED ON TOO TIGHT IS WHEN IT LEAKS . ALL YOU NEED TO DO IS SCREW THE RING ON AND NOT DO A MONSTER GRIP AND YOU WILL BE FINE . I LOVE THESE BOTTLES OTHERWISE . MY DAUGHTER WO N'T DRINK HER MILK OUT OF ANY OTHER BRAND . THE DISPOSABLE SYSTEM BOTTLES BY AVENT ALSO WORK OUT GREAT . AFTER 10 MONTHS THEY ARE STILL AS CLEAR AS BRAND NEW .
 High quality product . The wide mouth of this bottle makes it easier to use . And our baby seems to like the wider nipple as well . Maybe it 's more breast-like . He gets frustrated with smaller nippled bottles and seems to get less air with the Avent . I suspect the reviewer whose baby needed the elaborate Dr Brown 's bottle `` system '' was a special case .
 I am breastfeeding and use these bottles when I pump . They work great and my daughter did n't have a problem with them . i like the fact that you can get the sippy tops for them . I have n't had any leaking problems but I do n't wash them in the dishwasher , I use the avent microwave steam sterilizer which I also love . It 's so convenient and fast . Who wants to wait forever on a dishwasher . So they may seeem a bit more pricey but in the long run they pay off .
 im breastfeeding and needed a good bottle for my son while i went back to work . at 3 weeks old , he was drinking out of this bottle perfectly fine . i tried the air vent bottles . . which are junk in my opinion . . and then i chose these ones , which are great ! he doesnt have colic , and he does have gas however , but no more than he does while on the breast . my recomendation for any breastfeeding mother planning to use bottles is to introduce the bottles as early as you can , like on ebottle every other day so the baby doesnt fuss when it comes time to using a bottle . myh son doesnt seem to have nipple confusion , for the first few times i was at work , he seemed to be a little confused , but it went away after i fed him from my breast about the 2/3 time .
 My daughter had no problem breatfeeding and supplementing with these Avent bottles . They wash beautifully in the dishwasher and the nipples are standing up to my daughter 's new four teeth . It is worth a little extra money to get this quality bottle .
 I bought these bottles for my first child 2 years ago and loved them then . Now with my newborn , they are still like new , and I still love them . I breastfeed her , but she takes one bottle a day without a problem . Yes , if the white rim is screwed on too tightly , they will leak . Simply check before feeding . I 've really enjoyed using there entire feeding system from bottles to sippy cups to sterilizer . Very well made products .
 I absolutely love these bottles !! I 've been using them for about 4.5 months now and I 've NEVER had a problem with leaks !!!! I have also never overtightened the bottles !! I love how they are designed . Because of their width , my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months !! I also love their ` wide-neck ' , which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby ! They are also EXTREMELY easy to clean ! And they are interchangeable !! I plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle !!! My daughter has also never had colic !! I LOVE EM !!! I LOVE EM !!! I LOVE EM !!! I also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly !!
 I tried several bottles and the Avent bottles are by far the best . The wide nipple makes it easy for him to `` latch on '' to the bottle without taking in any air . I too had problems at first with the leaking side , but realized after reading the directions that you HAVE TO put the cap on before screwing on the nipple top . Once it 's screwed on , you remove the cap and there are NO LEAKS . It must be something with the suction of the bottle . It shows a diagram right on the direction sheet , but I , like others who have experienced leaks , thought I 'd rush past them . Great bottle and highly recommended .
 We 've used these bottles exclusively for our son as these were the first bottle he took to effortlessly . We liked the Medela ones but I guess our son did n't so we did n't get to use those . I 'm really surprised by all the people that have had problems with leaking . The only times I 've had them leak was when I was trying to test the temp of the formula or breast milk and I squeezed the bottle too hard and it would come out past the ring . I 've never had an issue with them leaking otherwise so I guess I 'm luck or something . The one thing I do not like about them is the tupperware sterilizer we have always leaves the bottles completely wet . I 'm not sure if this is normal with all sterilizers but 's it 's annoying and I would think if you left them in the sterilizer mildew might form .
 These are great bottles and a great system . We also have the 4 oz bottles , hand pump , storage system , and sippy cups . A little pricey up front but definitely worth the cost in the long run since the bottles `` grow '' with your baby . Very momma friendly !
 I agree that these bottles are the best on the market ! I used them full time with my son , who is not out of bottles and I fully intend to use them again for my baby on the way ! All peices are very durable . I love how you are able to interchange peices for these bottles . I was able to use the bottles as my son 's toddler cups when he outgrew nipples ! Not extra cups needed , just got the fittings separately for the cups!Unique and conscious design ! These were well thought out by PARENTS just like us !
 amazon is the only website that i order stuff from and i can almost find anything . . i couldnot find these avent 11oz feeding bottles anywhere in the market only amazon had it .
 It 's perfect ! I 've been breastfeeding my son for almost a year and I feel that the shape of these nipples are the closes to mine ... it 's easy to clean , easy to use ... I would n't buy any other bottles .
 these bottles may be a little more expensive , but when you consider you 'll never need to buy sippy cups or storage jars , it really pays off.For a couple dollars , you can purchase no leak sippy tops , or storage lids to replace the nipple . You can also purchase a set of handles that fit on the bottle under the ring to make them easy for little hands to grip.Having all the pieces and parts available A la Cart really makes these more affordable in the long run .
 After reading the other reviews I feel obligated to write a review ... I have used Avent bottles with three breast-fed children over the last 4 years , and I absolutly LOVE them ! The only time one ever leaked was because I incorrectly used a regular Avent nipple on a disposible Avent bottle . That 's the only explanation I have for the other ladies problems with leaking ... You can not inter-change the Avent regular line with their disposable line . You also have to make sure you 've pulled the entire nipple through the cap -LRB- to the indicated line -RRB- because failure to do so can also cause leaks . I would recommend these bottles to anyone breast feeding or not , they ARE worth their price ! It 's just a matter of reading directions carefully , and you will find that these are the BEST choice in bottles on the market !
 I like these bottles pretty well . If your looking for bottles that cut down on air intake and gas , any bottle will do . I have these as well as the playtex nursers . They are all the same . What I like about these is that the ounces are true . If you fill them to the top , they actually hold 5 oz and the 9 oz bottles hold 10 oz . The playtex nursers say that it is an 8 ounce or 4 ounce bottle , but I measured and they are actually 3.5 and 7.5 ounces . What I do n't like about these is that you have to wash the bottles and nipples , and with the playtex you just put in the liners . However , these bottles do hold up well in the dishwasher .
 I 've been searching for a bottle because I 'm trying not avoid buying the Playtex inserts for the Nurser system . They are super expensive and plus not good for our enviornment.I bought a trial one of these and checked it out for a week and then decided to buy a couple of three packs . Here are my tips for these bottles and I got allot of them from this site :1 . When mixing your instant formula . Have the cap on over the nipple and give it a good shake . This avoid the formula from sometimes leaking out .2 . After washing the nipples and rings , when they are still wet put them back together and it forms a nice seal3 . Do n't put the cap on too tight as it could cause a massive squirting from the nipple . I 've only seen this once but I always test it before it goes into my babies mouth.My only recommendation about these is the nipples could be a little more softer like the Playtex ones . They are very hard but my baby is getting used to them.Another great thing but have n't experienced it yet is these bottles convert to sippie cups for later use.I would recommend these bottles as I swear I 've tried them all . I wanted something simply without extra parts to clean and that was available at either Target , Toys R Us or Walmart.My baby has never had colic or real gas and does n't seem to have a problem with these . She burps fine when using these .
 I bought these bottles before my daughter was born and have never regretted it . I have NEVER had a problem with the bottles leaking and my baby is very happy . She does n't have gas problems or gas pains . She loves drinking from the bottles and refuses to drink from any other bottle . These bottles are great !
 They are the best ! I love them ! They are easier for the baby to hold due to the shape ...
 It lets my brother eat without having gas ans he loves the avent binkys there so usefull beacase they glow in the dark
 I have to say without a doubt Avent is the best bottle on the market ! We started using them when my son was about 3 weeks old . They maked the adjustment from nursing to bottle feeding wonderful . We also love the awesome variety of products they offer . The magic cup is a great transition for my son now that he is 5 mths . Please try them for yourself and I know you will enjoy them as much as I have .
 At first we HATED these bottles , they leaked non-stop ! But with the wide mouth which we loved , we just kept adjusting the top time and time again to avoid having to buy yet another set of bottles ... Finally , I complained at the store where we bought them and they told me the trick ! You must pit the clear lid on the nipple FIRST and then put them both on the bottle , turning it to fit the bottle ONLY by using the clear lid NEVER touching the ring around the nipple . Once it has its perfect fit the clear top will just keep turning by itself - shake away and serve ! We have never had a leak again !! I am not sure why this is not in the instructions !! Hope this helps ! : -RRB-
 WE SWITCHED FROM VENTAIRE BOTTLES BECAUSE OUR SON GOT FRUSTRATED WITH # 1 NIPPLES AND DRANK WAY TO FAST WITH # 2 NIPPLES . AVENT , SLOWED OUR SON DOWN AND KEPT HIM HAPPY AT THE SAME TIME , SO NOW THE LAST THREE WEEKS OF OUR EIGHT WEEK OLDS LIFE HAS BEEN QUITER FOR US AND LESS GASSY FOR HIM . THE ONLY DRAW BACK IS WHEN THE LID GOES ON , SOMETIMES IT LEAKS , THE THREADS OF THE CAP CATCH BUT LEAKS WHEN YOU SHAKE IT . SO SHAKE SLOW JUST TO CHECK . THESE EVEN HEAT FASTER THEN MOST AND RETAINS HEAT BETTER .
 My baby is a breastfeed baby , that transitioned to the these bottles without a problem . We have been completely satisfied with this product . They are durable and we have n't had a single problem with them . I even dropped a full bottle on ceramic tile floor getting it out of the fridge and did n't even have a mess to clean up . Thank you for making a great product .
 As a mother of four , I have tried just about everything out there in the way of bottles . Now I have a 5 week old daughter and she loves the Avent bottles . I have never had an issue with nipple confusion . She also uses the Avent paci 's . No problems at all with going from breast to bottle to binky . I have read other posts about the bottles leaking or not getting any flow from the nipples . I hate to say it but these posters are not using the products properly . If I were exclusively bottle feeding this child , like I did the others , I would completely understand about sleepy 3am bottle woes . However a simple remedy would be to put them all together after they have been washed . Why would anyone wait until baby is hungry to put the nipple into the ring ? I think some people are just asking for more work . That being said , I am now a die-hard Avent fan and use many of their products . I hope others will do the same !
 With our first child , we tried several different types of bottles , but were soon using Advent exclusively . I personally hate the feel of plastic , but very much like the solid feel of the Advent bottles . There is nothing flimsy or cheap about this product .
 I have been breastfeeding our one month old daughter but needed a bottle that could be used for pumped milk . She took to this bottle right away ; we were so happy ! I read lots and lots of reviews on Avent , Dr. Browns , Evenflo , etc and decided on the avent based on friend 's experiences . I am really glad I did . Have not had any of the leaking problems that people have mentioned on here . I find this bottle to be wonderful and would recommend it for anybody who continues to breastfeed and needs a bottle to compliment
 This bottle line is the best ! My two kids have done wonderful with Avent ! The bottles are easy to clean and take care of . Both of my children have n't had problems with getting too much air . They took to them right away . I could n't breast feed them for very long and with these bottles it was easy for them to accept the change . They are a wonderful product . My youngest love the whole line . Thank you Avent for making a great product !!
 I purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well . The fact that the nipples were to more mimic the breast than others was great and the fact that you could use the bottles as storage containers when pumping was even better . When I first had my daughter , we had to put her on a bottle a week after she was here to help me have time to heal . She was getting one bottle a day and was having no problem going back and forth from breast to bottle regularly . The nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast . The nipples are not supposed to be shaped as the breast but force the baby to latch the way they do on the breast . I swear by these bottles ans will not change to any other bottles for her !
 I love the Avent bottles - they are all around great . Like many other reviews said , they are wide-mouthed and easy to clean . I have n't had any problems yet with these bottles , only once in the past three months did one leak on me . I also use VentAire once in a while , but prefer Avent . The bottles are easier to assemble , and the nipples come in three different sizes for the growing baby , as opposed to just two . -LRB- Actually , VentAires 2 sizes were too slow and too fast until she got a little bigger -RRB- . The best part of these bottles is they `` grow '' with baby . After baby gets used to the fastest nipple , other bottles are just bottles ... With Avent , you can buy attachable handles , so the baby gets used to holding the bottle on her own . After that , switch just the nipple to a spill-proof sippy-cup top . The sippy-cup tops come in sizes as small as 3 months , and get progressively larger . Every piece is interchangable with every other Avent product . It 's so much more of a value than buying separate cups when baby is a little older , and value is my # 1 choice !!!
 My baby breastfeeds but I work 12 hour night shifts so my husband uses these bottles with my milk while I am gone . My baby loves them and has never rejected the bottle . I think the nipples are close to those of the breast and I am so happy with this product !!!
 I AM ABOUT TO HAVE MY SECOND CHILD AND I HAVE HEARD SO MAY GOOD THINGS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT . HOWEVER , I PURCHASE A STARTED KIT BUT THEY SEEM NOT ONLY NICE BUT VERY EASY TO USE . I ALSO THOUGHT ABOUT BUYING A STARTER KIT FROM DR BROWN WIDE NECK ALSO BUT I AM NOT SURE YET I WILL TRY THIS ITEM BECAUSE I FEEL THAT THIS IS A GOOD ONE .
 I started using these bottles when my son was about 2 weeks old . I was having trouble with him taking the breast after having a bottle , as soon as I changed to these , I had no more problems . I like them because they are short and fat , now that he 's taking 6 oz.Also before I swiched him he was having trouble with him spitting up all the time . He was on 4 different formulas and nothing seemed to help . I even took him to a allergist and he had no allergies to any of the milk . I love everything about these bottles . I have had no troulbes at all with Gas , spitting up or him taking the breast since I changes . They cost a little more then some bottles but there well worth the money . .
 I really like these bottles because they are easy to clean , they do n't leak if you use them correctly and they are easy to hold . I think that the negtive reviews may have come from people using the wrong stage nipple because they come in various stages to use while your child learns to suck harder . Our baby is 41/2 months old and we 've tried three different types . Advent 4 and 9 ounces , Munchkin Tri-flow 6 and 9 ounces and Playtex Vent-Air 9 ounces . I ca n't decide which ones I like the best because I like all three brands . I just wanted others to know that the Advent bottles are great . They are a nice durable bottle that we 've had success with !
 This feeding system works well , but it leaks . Even when you tighten it correctly , etc. , it leaks . And , yes , there is definitely no way to tell so until it leaks all over you and your baby . Otherwise , Avent bottles are great , and I intend to continue using them ... . I currently use the 4 ounce ones for my two month old and will be using the 9 ounce ones as well .
 These bottles are excellent bottles for to prevent colic in babies . The price is to expensive .
 Item came in wonderful condition . It is better to buy the bulk in -LRB- 3 -RRB- ... the stores sell them here fro $ 11 for just one bottle !!!
 I used these bottles with my son and loved them!This bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others I tried out . He took right to them as a newborn and I did n't have to encourage him like I had to with others.The wide mouth is so nice and makes them so much easier to wash . The nipples and bottles are extremely durable and held up for a very long time . As my son got older , I had other bottles I would use for him , but he always preferred the Avent ones.I never had problems with leaking like I had read about , so I do n't know much about that . But there was absolutely no leaking here!There is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well , including sterilizers and breast pumps . Everything was compatible with my Avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.I am pregnant with my second and Avent is all I am going to buy for her .
 these are wonderful , they were recomended by a friend of mine and i have no regrets . no other bottle compites with avent !
 I have to say that , these bottles are easy to clean thats why 3 stars , but nipples are way to big and hard even for my baby and he is now at 3 months and 17lb . I suggest Gerber , try both and you will see .
 I have been using Avent bottles since my baby birth five months ago . The bottles are excellent . I have read that the bottles leak a lot , it is not fair . If there is a leak you must open completely the bottle and close it again.My baby have not suffered from any gas colic or any other problem related to bottle feeding.These bottles are great !!!!! and they are worth the extra price .
 Not bad as a back up feeding bottle and it 's easy to take apart and put back together . . my scrub-brush fits into it for a thorough cleaning . It does leak a little -LRB- the number 1 flow nipple -RRB- , but it 's not as bad as the evenflo bottles .
 After doing enormous amount of research , I decided to try the Avent bottles with my daughter . I planned on breast-feeding and only occasionally bottle feeding , and was VERY concerned about nipple confusion or stomach aches . I never had a single problem . Not only have I not had a single bottle leak in 3 months of usage -LRB- I still use the same 3 4oz . bottles I have used since Riley was 3 days old -RRB- my baby took to the bottle and back to the breast with ease . I give about 6 bottles of breast milk per week , and I was able to include my husband with the wonderful experience of feeding right from the start . I will use Avent forever !
 If you are using Similac Formula , then you have a problem . Similac makes a lot of bubbles . But if you use Enfamil like we do , then you do n't have a problem because Enfamil powder is finer whereas Similac is grainy/crumbly . The only leak problem I had was when I forgot to re-screw it on tighter . Other than that , it 's been a great bottle .
 I began using the 9 oz AVENT bottles about three weeks after my son was born . After breastfeeding for three weeks to a baby that always seemed hungry , I bought a Medela breast pump and switched him to the AVENT bottles and we both have been happy campers ever since . Occasionally I do have a problem with leaks , but that mostly seems to be when I do not insert the nipple under water . On average , I keep 9-10 bottles of breastmilk in the refrigerator ready to go and immediately wash or rinse the bottle/nipples after each feeding and have not had any problems with cloudy bottles or nipples . I did not purchase any of the extra supplies such as warmers , storage containers from Avent . To warm a bottle , I use warm water which will warm the milk in about 10 minutes . I would definitely recommend these bottles to any new mother .
 despite the fact that these bottles did leak i tried several other bottles for my daughter and these were the best . she had HORRIBLE indigestion and reflux -LRB- which warrented medication -RRB- . anywho , we tried evenflos and dr browns and they did nothing for her . so in the end the the avent were the best !!
 I tried the Dr. Browns bottles but for my 7 week old dd , but it came out too fast even with a 1 nipple . The avent bottle is the only bottle she does n't seem to choke on . And she has switched back and forth from bottle to breast from 3 days old with no confusion . I would recomend itleast trying this bottle . Every baby is different , but mine prefers avent .
 This review is directed to moms that say these bottles leak ! I used to have the leakage problem with Avent bottles , but then a friend of mine told me that they only leak when you screw the top on too tight ! And sure enough , that was three months ago , and I have n't had one leaky bottle since then ! My son has always done very well with these bottles . He had some problems for the first two months with acid reflux . So I have tried Dr. Brown 's , Ventaire , Gerber , etc. and none of them compared to Avent . I have no complaints !
 Do n't get me wrong , the Avent bottles are great , even if they are a bit expensive . It seems to me after reading ALL of the reviews that you have about a 50/50 chance of the bottles leaking on you.After shopping , shopping , and shopping some more , I found wide-neck bottles made by the First Years that have Winnie-the-Pooh and Tigger on them . They accept the Avent nipples , though the collars and handles do n't fit . The Pooh set comes with
 I got the Avent bottles from my baby shower . If you wash them with correct soap and do n't tighten them to tight just right they wo n't leak . I like them because my daughter is a fast eater and bottles accomdate her she does n't have problems like with other bottles . Also , bottles easy to assemble after washing . The only problem I have with them is that they are to fat , hard to fit into diaper bag . Nevertheless , very good bottles but every baby is different . My little girl gulps down her milk with very little gas and loves the avent bottles .
 I BREASTFED MY DAUGHTER EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE FIRST 10 WEEKS AND THEN BEGAN TO SUPPLEMENT HER WITH FORMULA . SHE HAD ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEM SWITCHING BETWEEN BOTTLE AND BREAST . ALTHOUGH THE BOTTLE DID LEAK A LITTLE , ONCE YOU GET THE HANG OF PUTTING THE CAP/NIPPLES ON TIGHT ENOUGH , THERE 'S NO PROBLEM . I JUST SWITCHED THE NIPPLES UP TO THE 3 MOS -LRB- MEDIUM FLOW -RRB- SIZE AND SHE HANDLED THE CHANGE OF FLOW WITH NO CHOKING AT ALL . UNFORTUNATELY , I SKIPPED RIGHT OVER THE SLOW FLOW NIPPLE BECAUSE I FORGOT THEY HAD DIFFERENT SIZES -LRB- AVENT SHOULD ADVERTISE/STRESS THIS MORE -RRB- . ANYWAY , WE WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND AVENT BOTTLES AND PRODUCTS . THEY 'RE ALL INTERCHANGEABLE -LRB- EVEN THE BREAST PUMP HOOKS UP -RRB- AND WORK GREAT . THEY MAY COST A LITTLE MORE BUT WELL WORTH THE MONEY : -RRB-
 I have had absolutely no leakage problems with these bottles . They are great b/c the baby gets next to no air in the belly when feeding , which makes burping super easy and there are no belly aches due to gas . The price may be just a little bit more , but it is SO worth the extra money . You can also add little handles to these bottles when baby gets older so the baby can hold on . IN ADDITION , you can add sippers to the top -LRB- instead of nipples -RRB- , when you are trying to convert baby to sippy cups . It is a great system and I would n't even consider another bottle system .
 I nursed and bottle fed my son at the same time for about 2 months and he had no nipple confusion with the Avent nipples . He would not take Playtex or Gerber nipples after getting used to Avent , though . I guess it all depends on your baby . We used Avent 9oz and 4oz bottles exclusively throughout his first year and they all worked great . As others have said , just do n't overtighten the top to avoid leakage . These bottles fit in our First Years bottle warmer with no problems . The only caveat is they are a little pricey .
 I have been extremely happy with these bottles . First off , before you spend a fortune on ANY set of bottles , try one out with your baby to see if he/she likes it . Every baby is different . These bottles work great with my daughter . She never had any problem latching on to the nipple and they do not leak . The only time they have ever leaked on me is when I get in too big of a hurry and did n't tighten the lid good . I love these bottles !
 The only times we have ever had a leak is if I have tightened the lid too much , or have used the bottle nipples with the disposable liner bottle . They are a great bottle , the size of the mouth makes mixing formula and cleaning a snap . Their size also gives us guys with larger hands something to hold ... those ridiculous gerber bottles are just clumsy-feeling . I would strongly recommend these products to any parent .
 Everything the last person post happened to me . When I shake the bottle , the whole thing leaked .
 this product is just great . these are the best bottles i have ever use
 I was recommended to use these bottles by a girlfriend who had used them with her baby and sworn by them . I started with a set of 4oz bottles with newborn nipples -LRB- # 1 -RRB- and have graduated now to the 9oz bottles with the next size up nipples -LRB- # 2 -RRB- . I will simply buy new nipples when she 's ready for the next step . I am absolutely thrilled with these bottles . I do have an occasional leak but it is always my own fault for not screwing the lid on tight enough!I have not had any problems with leaking when I have them put together correctly . They were especially good for going back and forth between breast feeding and bottle feeding . My now 4mos old baby never had any difficulties feeding either way and transitioned very smoothly . One reader referred to air being pushed into the bottle during feeding and causing her baby to swallow air . The air wooshing in is a good thing ! It prevents a vacuum from developing inside the bottle and allows the baby to continuously feed without having to stop to relieve the pressure inside the bottle . The only time I ever had any problems with mine swallowing air was when she had pretty much outgrown the newborn nipples and would try to suck too hard when she was very hungry . This was immediately corrected by buying the next size up . They 're also very easy to clean and can be effectively washed in the dishwasher because of their wide neck . Regular bottles can not . I , out of necessity , used another brand of bottle with her today at a relative 's house and was reminded why I like Avent bottles so much !
 Suyen , Thank you for your advice on turning the Avent bottle cap counter clockwise until it clicks and then right to tighten as usual . The bottles do not leak and work great . Love them .
 I used the Avent System with my first child 4 years ago . I breastfed , and stored/pumped milk . My son never new the difference between the Avent bottles and the breast ; however he would not take any other bottle . My son NEVER had colic . I recommend the Avent bottles to any busy mother who plans to alternate between the breast and the bottle .
 I really like these bottles and the whole Avent System . Being a first time Mother , I thought that all bottles were the same . I planned to breastfeed and thought that I would n't even use bottles very often . So , initially , I found the most colorful , attractive bottles and registered for those . Then , by recommendation from some friends and family , decided to go with the Avent System because it advertised to simulate the breast and give ease to switching from bottle to breast . They are great because the nipples have different flow rates . That thought never even occured to me . Duh . The nipples are numbered from 1 to 4 -LRB- ? -RRB- with 1 being the slowest flow . My son is now 4 months old and has been using the bottles from birth . He uses the number 3 nipples for 3 months plus . I used the Avent Breast Pump for the first 6 weeks and it worked very well also . I will certainly recommend Avent products . I gave this review only 4 stars because sometimes the bottles do leak and before you know it your poor little guy is covered in milk . But that does n't happened too often . My parents bought the Dr. Brown bottles for when my son visits and I hate those things . They leak everytime .
 My daughter , now 17 months old have used Avent since she started on bottles at three months . We experienced leaking in the beginning , but all you have to do is reseat the nipple . Once you do that , you will not have any leaks , and it really is unnecessary to close the bottle real tight . The nipple was perfect , because it did n't cover her nose during nursing like other brands . It is also very easy to clean because of the wide mouth and short height . It is less likely to tip over while filling , and for those who heat bottles in the microwave , the short height easily fits smaller ovens than others . A must to have with these bottles , are the Avent bottle brush . Great design on the Avent system ... . Highly recommended .
 I 've used these bottles along with most of the avent products with both my babies -LRB- 3 mo. and 20 mo. -RRB- and am very happy . I have only had just a few leeks , but upon close inspection , each time it was due to an older bottle with a crack which interferes completely with the air venting system or because I over tightened the ring . The benefits are many including the wide opening for filling/cleaning and the size of the bottle making it easier for the baby to hold herself .
 We absolutely love these bottles . We have tried several different brands . Avent by far was the best for us . The bottles do not leak as long as the nipple and collar are put together when they are wet . The bottles are a little more expensive than others but definately worth the money .
 I love , love , love these bottles . They 're incredibly easy to get powdered formula into -- the scoop is smaller than the top of the bottle.They have helped with my daughter 's gas.They 're very easy to handwash -LRB- I have put them in the dishwasher -- but we do n't use it everyday . -RRB- When I was pumping , the catchbottle for the Medela breastpump easily poured into these.The nipples are easy to wash.You do have to ensure the nipples are snapped completely into the rings . And that the ring is tightened enough.The caps are bigger than on other bottles and easier to deal with.Because they have a broader base than other bottles , they do n't tip over in the fridge , on the table , on the couch , or on the changing table as easily .
 Our baby seems to drink the best from these bottles . I like them because the wide mouth makes it easy to fill and clean . I 've noticed leaking a couple times and just rescrewed the cap and it was fine .
 We 've been useing these bottles every since me son was born . I breastfeed and we 've never had a problem switching back and forth . I recommended them to two of my friends who also use them and none of us have ever had a problem with them leaking . I 'm going to use these bottels with my next child also I love them
 I bought these bottles with my first child , not having any experience or knowledge about bottles . I nursed my daughter for 4 months and was happy that these bottles fit the manual pump I often used at work or traveling . Now that she is strickly formula fed , I have found that these bottles get LOTS of bubbles in them and I worry that it makes my daughter take in more air than necessary . I also found , as others wrote , that they do leak randomly if not properly assembled . I threw some of the rings away because they did not seem to get any better with adjustment . I even contacted the company for help and they told me just to readjust the nipple and ring . Thanks . Overall , I have been pretty happy with them but I think next time I will try another brand .
 I could have easily gotten the contents of this kit at my local hardware store for a fraction of the cost , but this kit saved me time and effort because I did n't have to buy wood and then cut it to the appropriate length , find the right screws and parts , and I did n't have to buy these items in bulk which would have been a waste . Of course , if you are a handy-person you probably have all of these parts right in your basement - these are common items -LRB- screws , wood , zip ties , wall anchors , etc -RRB- . The kit allowed me to install the KidCo gates at the top and bottom of my stairs along a wall with moulding and a decorative wood banister . I did have to drill holes in the wall and banister to make the gate as secure as possible . My only complaint is that the wood came in a natural wood color , but with a greenish tint which did not match my house . I painted the wood white before i mounted the gates . There is nothing profound about this kit , but I do recommend this kit to anyone who does not have the time to figure out all the extra parts necessary to mount the gate to a difficult location . It is very convenient !
 I realize that this is just a piece of word and plastic ties but it does exactly what it says it does . We have a wrought iron railing and needed something that we could attach to the rail in order to mount our gate and this worked perfectly . It was really easy ... I mounted it myself while my husband was at work . We 've had it up for about 10 months now and it has n't budged .
 We recently purchased this kit to install on the top and bottom stairs with a kidco gate . It was very easy to install , its very sturdy and we did not have to drill any holes into our banister . We would definately recommend it to everyone .
 Yes , you could go to the hardware store and pick up the same items , but honestly , the convenience is clutch in my life these days as I am installing this for a very mobile 10 month old -- I used the zip ties on the bannister and actually covered the contact portions on the bannister -LRB- square bannister -RRB- with felt tape so that it does n't hurt the wood . I actually bought two of these kits , and had to use two zip ties at the top and two at the bottom . I cut the extra wood from the 2nd one into spacers to keep the long piece of wood plumb and true vertically . I actually drilled cross holes into the top and bottom of the long piece of wood and then fished the large zip ties through this to create even more stability and leave the surface of the wood smooth . Then I used a small screw -LRB- predrilled EVERYTHING . . this is strong wood -RRB- that screwed right into the front of the wood into the zip tie that traversed the piece of wood to keep it from sliding side to side - hopefully that all makes sense.on the other side , I bought the official bannister kit and used it as a clamp on wrought iron ballusters . and then a piece of wood to attach to both of these.I thought this was a good product , but you do need to have some imagination and some engineering prowess to get the final result that you desire.Best of luck .
 I bought this for the piece of wood . It was the perfect size for us to attach to our wrought iron railing -LRB- with zip ties -RRB- and then pressure mount our gate . I spray painted it to match the railing , and it looks great ! Yes , it is a darn expensive piece of wood -LRB- since we discarded the rest of the items -RRB- , but for us , it was easier measuring , buying a piece of wood , and then cutting it to fit . This already fit for us ... just had to angle the edges a bit !
 We bought this to go along with our Kidco gate for the top of the stairs . We did n't want to make holes in the wood . While it is true that you could go to the store and purchase these items separately and figure out how to make them work , the convenience of this kit was more attractive to us . It worked very well and the gate is now installed and secure at the top of the stairs , while not ruining our wooden banister .
 Sorry I 'm not the type of person who has the time to go to the hardware store to get a piece of wood and cut it up . I have this for my banister and two other kits for my drywall . The biggest mistake I made was not buying when I purchased the gate . My son banged on the gate and ripped it right off causing a hole on are wall . Now it is much sturdier with this piece of wood , which you do end up buying longer drilling nails for it . That would probably be my only complaint about this kit .
 We were told by friends not to get this system to get the original . We ended up getting the diaper genie 2 and ca n't really complain about it . The only time it smells is when you are changing bags and the only reason is because I squish out the air to use less of the bag . Our baby is now 2 months old and we have only used 1 of the refills so far . My only other complaint is that my husband has never changed the bags ... but thats not really the Genies fault ! I wish the bags were pre measured to the length of the pail as to not waste as much when pulling the bag for the next pail of dirty diapers .
 This is the first time I 've ever written a review . I purchased the Diaper Genie 2 - and it IS all it 's cracked up to be . We are nearing the end of our second refill and the diaper `` pail '' part of the diaper genie does NOT smell . The baby 's room does NOT smell . It is soooo easy to use - one-handed . It 's similar to how a Saftey First diaper pail given to me 3 years ago was supposed to work . The difference is that this really does work . I 'll gladly purchase the refills in exchange for no smell .
 We bought a Diaper Champ when my daughter was born which worked great for us for a while but as her diapers became stinker so did our house so we threw that away and switched to this and we have to say we have had it a month and you can not smell a thing . This is definately worth the money and we have had it five weeks and have not had to change out the refills yet either . I definately would recommend this to anyone who is trying to decide between the two .
 The Diaper Genie 2 has proven to be excellent . We owned a Diaper Champ to begin with and liked it at first . But odor and difficulty emptying the thing became a problem . We decided to buy the Diaper Genie 2 and hope for the best . We definitely made the right choice ! Odor has been non-existent and the Genie is very easy to empty . Once you figure out how the refills work , it 's a breeze ! The Diaper Genie is also smaller , which is nicer because it fits in my daughter 's room better and keeps the bag of diapers lighter . The refills last a long time and with coupons are not too expensive . And they are easier to work with than regular trash bags .
 1 . You can open the lid with one hand , where as the original has a button that has to be pushed while you 're opening it -LRB- take 2 hands -RRB- . 2 . You just push the diaper through the trap door , instead of having to push the diaper through the spring loaded hole and having to turn the `` crank '' on the top to seal in the diaper . 3 . The unit opens in the middle , which is the top of the part that contains the dirty diapers , instead of having to open it from the bottom -LRB- tip the entire unit over and pull the chain of diapers out -RRB- . 4 . The cutter is much easier to use , no buttons to push , just slide the top of the bag through the razor and tie it off , instead of having to push the button and crank the dial on top and turn and turn until it finally cuts through , then having to unlock the cutter so you do n't continue to cut the bag instead of twisting the diaper in . 5 . Unloading a single tub of dirty diapers is MUCH easier than pulling out pearls of separately twisted diapers and trying to find the ends , gather them all up -LRB- touching everything to keep the diapers together -RRB- while carrying them to the trash.As far as the odor , I think they are about the same , both work pretty well . Someone wrote that the old style only holds about 30 diapers and the new style holds about 180 , I find that NOT to be the case . Both hold about the same number of diapers before having to empty , and for me , that is about 20 of the size 4 diapers -LRB- or so -RRB- . I over paid , $ 30 . I found that I could have gotten it at WalMart for about $ 25 , but I 'm glad I got it . It sure makes changing baby a LOT easier for me .
 I know that sounds a tad strong ... but after being super ` cheap ' with baby # 1 , -LRB- as in not competing to buy every little baby gadget advertised my way ... -RRB- I did consistently hear many good things about this contraption . Its worth every penny spent on it , even the refills . How did I manage baby # 1 without this item ?? Unfortunately I never found coupons for the refills as another lucky reviewer had ... but they are only about 6 dollars and DO last a long time . -LRB- I belive its about 180 diapers -RRB- But thats 180 ` baby size ' diapers , not size 4 and up , mind you . More on that.Our family moved from a nice sized 3 bdrm cape style home to a small 2 bdrm rental when we moved states -LRB- due to a job change -RRB- and so with a -LSB- ... -RSB- and new baby on the way I knew Id need an item like this . As it turns out , the baby is now 8 months old and the 3.5 yr old is STILL not potty trained . And so Ive been using this before baby 2 arrived . Now I change several diapers a day with both kids and honestly I dont know where Id be without it . It looks more complicated to operate than it really is . -LRB- I made hubby incharge of it while I was post-surgery -RRB- But now Ive mastered it and what a difference to keep that horrendous odor out of your home . Just as women in the 50s wondered how mothers managed with out items like a ` washer / dryer ' us parents now are probably thinking the same thing about the diaper genie II . I know I am ! It is however an extermely popular item . 2 of my nearest WalMarts ran out of the refills 2x in the last 3 months ... so I had to order them online and when they came back in stock in the stores . . I stocked up too , worrying the great diaper genie II refill famine may occur again ;-RRB- All I can say is , if you have a baby on the way , be sure to put this thing at the top of your essentials list !
 Life saver ! The baby room does n't smell , it 's easy to operate , the refill bags are cheap enough and it 's the perfect size .
 really kept the smell away . And I felt it was worth buying the special bags to go inside . Makes new mom life lots easier !
 If baby poo did not smell like baby poo there would be no need for this product . But , since the poo smells like the poo , thank God there is this product .
 This is definitely a nice-to-have baby item , not a must-have . Though all families are different , we have gotten good use out of our Diaper Genie II . We only use it for dirty diapers , as we throw plain wet ones out with the regular trash . It contains the smell -LRB- except for a momentary whiff when you open the lid -RRB- and is n't an eyesore . Since we only use it for the dirty diapers , it does n't fill up as quickly as it would if we used it for all diapers . The benefit to this practice is also that the liners last a LONG TIME.The lid took me awhile to get used to doing 1-handed . At first I had to use both hands , but I 've finally figured out where the sweet spot is to push when I open it . Also , you really need to be sure to empty it before it overfills - or you will be squeezing everything to get the next diaper in , and may end up with a mess ... if you know what I mean.All in all , I do recommend this product to new moms . I 'm not sure if the new version , the Diaper Genie Elite II -LRB- with the foot pedal to open the lid -RRB- is any good , but I can vouch for this product !
 If you are reading reviews on Diaper Genies , make sure you differentiate the Diaper Genie and the Diaper Genie II . They are very different systems . The original uses a system that twists diapers into a string of individual sausage like packages . The Diaper Genie II is simple in that it just has a spring loaded trap door that you push diapers through and then snaps shut to seal them inside.Additionally , I would suggest Googling `` Diaper Genie '' for a mix of advice . You will find some interesting results . In particular , there seem to be a lot of photos of people 's first Diaper Genie bag . There is a strange following for these little devices . A lot of the posts out there are negative , but we have really appreciated having ours.First off , we chose disposable diapers . For many that is a heated subject . We made our choice , and presumably you are considering it , too . Having decided to go with disposables , the Diaper Genie II has been great.PROS * easy to use / easy to refill * no mess , small / compact , sealed * works greatCONS * We have n't found many , yet . * Some people complain about pushing diapers through the trap . - We do n't have trouble with this . * Can reek after months of use . -LRB- We have had ours 6 months -RRB- - this is a common complaint , but we change ours regularly and have n'thad a problem , yet . It does stink at times , but not bad ... so far . * Dubious environmental impact/disposable diapers sealed in a plastic tube .
 We were introduced to the world of Diaper Genie II at a baby convention in the city that we live in . Diaper Genie was there , demonstrating this product . We ended up buying two . One for the upstairs , one for the downstairs.PROS : Perfect Odor ControlGreat Bag SystemCONS : The spring design inside . It takes alot to shove the diaper down , and sometimes it grabs your hand and you ended up getting , uh ... dirty hands.I have heard the Elite has the hands free step underneath it . Thats what his one needed.The blade inside comes off and you have to put it on . Scissors seem more convenient , at least for me . . to cut the bags.It should be self tying or enclosed in its own way.Otherwise , I could not do without my DG2 and I recommend them to anyone I know having a baby , adopting a baby , or not yet converted to this product!Cheers !
 This was appreciated and my daughter will love it for her new little bundle of joy ! People were very accommodating ... Product came in alittle banged up shape however was fine , nothing was broken .
 I love my Diaper Genie 2 . I have walked into houses that are engulfed in the scent of dirty diapers from poor disposal units . I have never had a problem with this one . It smells when you are changing out the dirty , but that is to be expected . This is a great product .
 My husband and I went to Consumer Reports , read online reviews and went to the store to test the diaper disposal systems before we purchased one . We came down to the Diaper Champ and the Diaper Genie 2 and eventually purchased the Diaper Genie 2 . The cons are that you have to buy the Diaper Genie 2 refills instead of just using any plastic bag , but this is far outweighed , in our opinion , by the odor control that the Diaper Genie 2 offers . We have had some very messy diapers , and pushing the diaper through the door to the bag has never been a problem . Changing the bags are easy , and changing the refills are easy too . We have never had a problem with odor . My mom was so impressed by how well it worked at our house that she purchased one to have at her house for when we visit .
 I think this is a great product - I prefer pushing the diapers through the spring loaded door rather than twisting into little dirty-diaper sausage links . I have never noticed a smell when pushing new diapers through .
 This is the second one I bought . It keeps oder out really well until it starts to get full . Very easy to use and refill .
 When I heard this product was coming out I was excited . We had a 4 year old diaper genie and we were ready to upgrade . When the new one finally arrived I was VERY impressed . One hand use . No twisting . NO SMELL AT ALL . Attractive . My favorite part is the indicator on the bag when you 're to the end . It never failed with the old system ; I 'd tie off for a new ` load ' , get one diaper in and run out of bag . NOW they are so smart to put a red line to indicate the end . The refillable bag lasts about 4 weeks for me -LRB- stay at home mom so it 's used a lot -RRB- . The refills run about $ 5 . Because it does n't ` sausage ' the diapers you can get more in before you have to go to the trash can . You ca n't use 1 hand to lift the pail . But I find it easier to just take the tied bag of diapers to the trash can instead of the whole system . I LOVE it needless to say . I would HIGHLY recommend this product .
 I was part of a test group for the Diaper Genie II and almost instantly preferred it to the regular Diaper Genie . We really liked the design compared to the original which we described as a nuclear waste container . This one is much easier to use . Flip open the lid , push diaper through the clamps , close lid . That 's it , no twisting . It does a wonderful job keeping odors out . It does use refills and we finished it in about the same amount of time as the regular Genie -LRB- 2 to 3 weeks -RRB- . The only thing that I miss with my regular Genie is the handle that allowed me to pick it up with one hand . This was great for vacuuming or just picking it up to take to the garbage can . The Genie II requires you to use both hands to pick it up . I do n't know what the price is for the refills yet since I have n't seen them on the market . If they run the same price as the regular Genie , I would recommend going for the new Diaper Genie II because it is easier to use and is a better design . Hope this helps anyone looking into diaper disposal systems .
 Wow ... Let me say it again ... WOW!I am a stay-at-home mom with 2 daughters
 Experienced the original Diaper Genie with my baby niece about 2 years ago , was a royal pain this bottom to load with diapers and to change out the liners . And it seemed like the liner needed replacing every couple of days , probably due to the `` twisting '' sausage effect.I received this new Diaper Genie II as a gift for my newborn , and WOW . It is truly easy to load the liner , and I used it from last Wednesday through this Tuesday before needing to empty it . Emptying it was as easy as advertised , I slipped the liner through the cutter and tied off the top of the dirties and tied the bottom of the liner where we were starting over again.At first , it took two hands to un-snap the lid and get it open because it was new , now after a week it has been adequately broken in , and it truly is a one-handed operation.Even though baby is a newborn , she 's been producing some MASSIVELY stinky diapers . Prior to receiving the Genie II , we were using a regular trashcan . The Genie II has completely contained the smell since it has been in use , and my nursery is now blessedly odorless!The liner situation is great . Diapers do not come in contact with the actual container which is extremely sanitary , LOVE IT ! Also , it seems that you can safely stuff a LOT of diapers into each load which is great.Bottom line , I give my highest recommendation for this product , 5 stars PLUS !! This will be my signature shower gift to others from now on unless I get beaten to it .
 I have a 2.5 month old and 22 month old . I also run a Home Daycare . I have used the Original Diaper Genie and the Diaper Dekor . Both left a lot to be desired . But I love this product so far . There is no twisting . The refills are easy to put in and seem to last a while . Most of all
 This is a great diaper pail if you dispose of the diapers in a certain way . We really liked it at first but thought it was a PITA buying the refill bags . This is why we used the Diaper Champ with our first child . We used it for over 2 years and replaced the gasket twice inside the lid . But we after using it for so long we just could n't get rid of the smell even after putting in a fresh gasket . It seems that the lid retained some of the liquid from the diapers and from when we washed and bleached it -LRB- which we did every few months -RRB- over time it became too much to bear so we finally threw it out.We were looking for something where we could use regular trash bags since it gets so pricey to use specific refill bags . And we always seemed to forget to buy them and would be annoyed when the refills ran out and we were left with nothing to replace them.I tried the generic diaper pail - I think its was a Safety First for $ 14.99 . That was pointless - I could have just used a regular plastic garbage can . Sine I had a coupon to BRU I decided to try the Diaper genie II . I have never used the original so I ca n't compare . But I can say I like it better than the Diaper Champ.At first I kept trying to insert the bags incorrectly . Once I got that figured out it was simple . But for some reason it took me a while to get it right . I liked how I could sut the diaper in the `` chute '' and push it down into the pail . As it pushes into the pail the bag slides down with it so the next time you put a diaper in you will be touching a different/fresh part of the bag that has n't come in contact previously with a diaper . With this feature you avoid the `` Yuck ! '' factor that happens when your hand touches wet/dirty trash bag . The special bags do fill up kind of quickly - which I do n't mind changing it often - but it got too pricey to keep buying them.Well we ran out one day and my husband put a regular trash bag in and it actually works better than when using the refills . It 's much much easier too . Here is what you do : - You have to have already used one of the special refills . When that is empty - take the plastic empty casing out of the pail . The top part of the pail/lid will be off at this point . -LRB- Take the whole thing off - lid and base - do n't just open the lid . -RRB- This is the small top part not the part in the middle of the pail where you have to push the oval button to get to the bottom part of the pail.-Get a regular trash bag and insert it/push it down in the entire space of the bottom of the pail . You have to push it through the chute and make sure the bag opening is at the top - mouth of the pail - right where the old refill casing sat . At this point you might want to open the middle part of the pail and make sure the regular trash bags has filled up the entire area of the pail . Then close/shut this part of the pail.-Take the empty Diaper Genie refill bag casing . Place the regular trash bag and put it over the area where you would normally place the new refill container.-Place the old refill casing over the trash bag so it pushes the trash bag into the grooves where the refill casing goes and push down . You have to make sure the the bulk of the empty trash bad fills up the bottom part of the pail before doing this.-After pushing the old casing over the trash bag - you should have some of the trash bag coming out under the casing and it will hang out down on the pail . -LRB- Think of the top part of the trash bag that hangs over a regular trash can . -RRB- - Take the top part with the lid and place it back on the pail . Voila!Using regular trash bags saves on money and allows the full space of the pail to be filled with diapers . Whereas the special refill bags where more of a narrow tubular bag and did n't allow for a lot of diapers in before having to empty and start a new bag.But - the Yuck factor comes back into play here since you are not pushing the diaper down the chute/pushing the refill bag with it . You do n't have a fresh area of the trash bag each time you put in a new diaper . The bag does n't move/isn ' t pushed down with a regular old trash bag.To solve the problem of a wet/dirty bag I make sure I wrap the diaper up tightly - like into a ball - and take the diaper 's tabs and close the ball up - trying to eliminate anything that was inside the diaper to be on the outside of the diaper - so nothing gross touches the trash bag since it is stationary.If I have a particularly messy diaper I will wrap it in tissues and put it down the chute that way . But you have to be diligent with the tight/clean outside thing or the trash bag area at the chute opening may get all dirty and smell . that has n't happened to us though.I like this Diaper Genie better than the Diaper Champ we used for so long because there is no place for the diaper to touch and attach it 's smell/germs to the actual pail . Whether you are using the proper refills or a trash bag - the diapers are still only touching the bag and not the pail . So if you do have smell issues - just take the bag out . We have been using it for about 4 months with a toddler and infant and have not had any smell escape into the room.I think I would like it if it were bigger . But honestly - that would mean I would change the bag out less often and that would probably leave room for a smelly pail . All in all - a great diaper pail .
 I just purchased this item since the handle on my Neat ! diaper pail recently broke and so far the Diaper Genie II is living up to it 's good reviews . I really hate to have to buy the pricey refill bags , but I ca n't stand having my daughter 's room stink , so I think it 's worth it . The first thing I learned with this product though , is to make sure to pull the bag out enough so when the first few diapers fall in , they fall down to the bottom of the pail . The weight of the diapers hanging in the bag from the clamp was preventing the clamp from closing tightly and letting the diaper smell escape . That seemed to do the trick and now there is n't any smell at all ! I never had the original Diaper Genie so I ca n't compare the two , but this is very similar to my Neat ! pail which I was very happy with until it broke . So I 'm hoping this will be the last diaper pail I ever have to buy !!
 When researching diaper pails for our baby , I 'd heard a lot of negatives about the original Diaper Genie , but the reviews here were good about the new model , so I decided to give it a try . I 've used it for 5 months now and have had no reason to try a different brand . The Diaper Genie II is easy to use , it keeps the stink in the bag , and the refill cassettes are widely available in retail stores . It 's done everything I expected it to do .
 I bought this after my toddler 's sons diapers got really smelly . I intitally had bought the Diaper Champ since I didnt want to have to buy refills . But for some reason , either the seal was weakening or something , the Diaper Champ did not work as well for an older baby -LRB- after starting solids and stuff -RRB- . The nursery , especially on hot and humid days smelled horrible . So I went out and bought this . I didnt want to have to twist anything and I had gotten mixed reviews about the original Diaper Genie so I thought I would give this one a try . This definately does the trick . There is no smell in the nursery at all . You just have to push the diaper through the clamped door and the diaper falls through and the clamp shuts itself air-tight . A few things to note
 I live in the city and have two puppies ... both of which go potty indoors on puppy pads ... I used to throw the pads in the trash but that starts to smell . . so I decided to try the diaper genie 2 and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT !!! No more puppy pads in the trash you would never even know I have puppies besides the occasional toy ... lol ... It 's so easy to use and even easier to empty !!
 This is by far a 100 % improvement over the original diaper genie . No odor , easy to change , no twisting . This thing is perfect . We just bought a 2nd one for our newborn 's room . This is a must buy !
 We 'd been using a covered garbage can , but every time it was opened to deposit another diaper it would take time for the terrible smell to dissipate . With this device , open or closed , we do n't smell ANYTHING !!!! We could n't be more pleased with this product .
 This is by far the best diaper disposal system out there . I have newborn and empty the unit about every 5 days , and it is absolutely odorless.The trick is to wrap your diapers tightly and kust push the diaper through one clamp single handedly . A + + +
 I love the new and improved Diaper Genie !! Our original Genie was constantly in need of a new film canister , and could n't keep up with the smell of my two babies diapers -LRB- 3 months and 2 years old -RRB- . The Genie II , on the other hand , has had NO ODOR since day one !! The film also seems to last longer , since there is no wasting it by `` twisting '' a chunk of film with each diaper . This produuct is much easier and effective than the original Genie , and I absolutely suggest it to all of my friends !! FINALLY !! A diaper pail that actually works !!
 This diaper pail basically does its job . It 's easy to open with one hand and stuff the diaper in . The diaper goes into the clamp and down into the bag . I do n't smell any odors unless the bag gets all the way full and I open the lid.Changing the bag is pretty easy .
 Had it for nearly a year . Does a decent job of keeping the odors down . Have n't had any significant problems with it.Only con is that the refill rings get pricey , especially 2-3 / month .
 I have one and love it , have used it for almost 2 years now . I just bought one today for my brother who is expecting twins in July . It 's 24.99 normally and onsale this week for 20 bucks at toysrus
 I love the diaper genie . This on in particular is easy to use and is already assembled when you get it . It keeps the odor out of our baby 's room . So far , we can go a whole week before we have to take out the dirty diapers .
 This is the first and only diaper garbage can i 've bought.It was recommended by another friend and its one of the best purchases related to the kid.Make sure you read the instructions in the beginning and everything should be ok .
 This is one of my baby necessities along with diapers and clothes . We are adding on to our house , building more bedrooms , and until we 're done the baby is in our room and the diaper pail is next to our bed and we never smell a thing . I have a 6 month old and I change him 5 or 6 times a day and I only have to empty the genie once a week . I just wrap the diapers up real tight into little balls and they take forever to fill up the bag . I suppose if you did n't roll up the diaper you might get poo on your hands but that 's more about your intelligence than the pail 's design I think . This is a great system and I recommend it to everyone .
 I have 2 children and 2 Diaper Genies . I love the ease and containment of these - my 19 month old toddler can open the lid , but is not able to dump dirty diapers all over the house -LRB- currently his favorite activity - taking things in and out -RRB- . This also keeps my lab from doing the same . I agree with another poster that the smell does leak out a bit , but I chalk that up to the fact that there are dirty diapers in there and a lot of them ! To combat , I have placed Arm and Hammer discs or glad discs in the bottom and they seem to help with the odor . Other people have suggested they use a trash can or do n't need one - this was perfect for us with a dog and toddler that like to get into things and 2 kids that poop a lot .
 I am using this for an aging parent who has an incontinence problem . With all the baby boomers coming of a certain age , this would be a great marketing tool for Platex . It has cut done on the ordor and frequency we go to the garbage for disposal . I would recommend this product to all caregivers .
 Easy to use . No odor . Not ugly . Haha . We 're using this for adult diapers . The patient 's four `` girls '' are very happy with this product .
 Product works like magic , no more cramming diapers in regular trash cans around the house . One spot , one bag , lots of diapers , easy to use , easy to dispose , most have for newborns/babies in a home .
 The design of this product is really ingenious . I 've seen other products -LRB- maybe even earlier versions of this product ? -RRB- that have complex mechanisms that flip over but the way this diaper pail works is very simple and straight-forward . There 's not a lot to break and the mechanism/cutter works very well . We 're getting a lot of mileage out of the diaper genie refills so no complaints there . The plastic housing itself feels a little flimsy/light . Other than that , it 's a 5-star product .
 LOVE IT !!!! No smell , decent appearance , easy to change the bags out , no mess . If I would do anything to this product , I would make it maybe a bit taller , but it is an excellent buy anyway .
 I am so happy with the Diaper Genie 2 ! You can easily use it with one hand and it 's been excellent at keeping diaper odors contained . Many of my friends have either gotten rid of their diaper systems all together or have used their systems only for `` wet '' diapers b/c of the smell . I have used the Genie 2 for over a year now and have never had an odor problem in my daughter 's room . The only `` preventative '' thing I 've done is put a stick-up air freshener in the bottom of the Genie . The refills are easy to replace and last a while . I would highly recommend the Genie 2 !
 We love this . Apart from good things that others have said , I 'd like to add that you do n't have to buy refills at all for this system . You could go buy kitchen trash bags and use plug it under the empty refill ; this fits perfectly and you can tie up your trash bag directly once the bag is full.You can even save the $ 5 on the refills !
 We love our diaper genie 2 ... it keeps in the smell . If changed regularly the bags you remove of dirty diapers are n't to big . There 's no smell after . I have sometimes put kitty litter deoderant in it just in case.THE ONE bad thing is I have cut myself twice putting the replacement bags in . This just happened and I was trying to be really careful . It 's so anoying I do n't understand why they make the plastic so rough around the lip of the plastic bag dispenser .
 My husband was extremely concerned about diaper smells . He insisted that we register for this ; he 'd researched and heard that this was the best . This is the only product we 've tried , but I have highly recommended it.It keeps the smell away completely ... the ONLY time I smell anything is if I accidentally release air from the bag when I 'm tying it off to dispose of the bag -LRB- once a week -RRB- . The nasty smells do not leak out in between.I usually throw wet -LRB- aka not stinky -RRB- diapers in the regular trash , and this makes it more economical , since the refills can be pricy . By doing this , we only go through a refill every 4-6 weeks . I think it is well worth the money to not have to smell stinky diapers all the time ! A great purchase -- I highly recommend !
 This diaper genie II is so small and discreet - it fits perfectly in our nursery . We started out using the genie II when we brought the baby home from the hospital and she was using cloth diapers . We stopped using the genie 2 because we were going through one refill a week - those cloth diapers were really bulky and it just was getting expensive going through so many genie 2 refills.Then ... we noticed that the poopy diapers were really stinky after a day or so . We also switched back to disposables at 5 months and we remembered we had the genie and brought it back in . Voila ! We use it just for the poopy diapers and a regular trashcan for the pee diapers . That way we can stretch the refills for as long as we can , and still get the fresh benefit of the genie 2 . We end up taking the diaper trash from the genie about once every two weeks -LRB- since it 's poopy diapers only -RRB- .
 `` I could n't live without the Diaper Gennie ! '' ... that was my husband 's comment after the first day of using it , and he is not easily amused.Now , is the most useful gift that we want to give to all our friends that have a baby.It is REALLY easy to use , no odors . . none . We have been using it for 1 year and three months now , so please be confident that this item worth the money .
 This diaper pail is better than the original Genie , in my opinion . This pail does n't require twisting , so the bag does n't unravel and thus defeat its purpose of odor blocking existence . Second , the springs are pretty good -LRB- usually -RRB- on the closure mechanism , I had to fix it one time , but it 's been 8 weeks and it still does just fine , and I usually do n't have to worry about getting any icky diaper residue on my hands when I put them in there because I usually close the diapers up really tight when I 'm done changing the little one . I also keep a bottle of Purell by the changing table . Overall , really good diaper pail .
 I 've had my DGII for about a month now . The only issue I have with these is that when the refill cassettes get close to empty , the bag starts to loosen around the rim . Then , when you try to put a diaper in , the bag kind of goes with it , so you end up using more bag than you really need . Otherwise , I really like my Diaper Genie II . The only real stink you smell is when you get the full bag ready for the trash ; inevitably , I end up penny-pinching by squeezing out excess air so as to use less bag . But I can easily take the thing outside the front door to do this , so it 's not really a big deal . It sure beats my old diaper pail !
 WOW WOW WOW ... this diaper genie is SO much easier to use than the old one . I always had a hard time putting in the refills in the old one and had to have my husband do it . This one is so easy I was able to empty it and put in a refill all by myself on the first try . Definitely worth the money . My daughter is still an infant and does n't have smelly poops yet so I ca n't comment on how it seals the smell , but this is the best diaper pail ever . What I also like is that as the current bag is coming to an end , there is a red line that shows up on the bag to let you know you will need to replace the bag soon . It reminds me of a receipt from a store when the paper is coming to an end . Great idea !
 We purchased the new Graco `` hands free '' diaper pail after our 4th child was born hoping that it would hold in the odor like our Diaper Genie did , unfortunately we wasted $ 49 . We used the Diaper Genie on our first 3 children , after sampling others , and have always come back to the Diaper Genie . It is the best in keeping odors in , just make sure you change it regularly and you 'll love it . The Diaper Genie II is better than the `` twist away '' style too . I would difinitely recommend this product .
 The Diaper Genie II works phenomenally . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a baby or is expecting . It is easy to use , sturdy , and does exactly what it says it can ; it locks in odors and keeps your house from smelling like a used diaper .
 Excellent item , and well priced . Pretty much like the Safety 1st `` Neat '' diaper disposal system , but with some improvements . We got this b/c the Safety 1st one was discontinued and we can no longer get refill rings for ours .
 We had the forerunner -LRB- Diaper Genie 1 -RRB- . No matter what I did , it still stunk . I would add baking soda after poopy diapers , line it with an odor protecting garbage bag as well as the normal liners . It always smelled like poop !! One day it broke , so we looked for a replacement . I was a little hesitant to purchase this product because of our previous one , but we thought we would give it a try . It 's amazing . My daughter had diareha and a day later still no stench !!! Also , it 's so easy . No twisting . Just put the diaper thru the trap door . It 's easy to load and change cartridges . This is definately a great buy !!!
 My old Diaper Champ stunk to high heaven . I bought a Diaper Genie II and IT WORKS GREAT . The only real downside is the liners do n't hold much and they 're expensive -LRB- $ 6 each which adds up -RRB- .
 The Diaper Genie II is absolutely fantastic . I heard about it at my god-children 's birthday party when I was pregnant and ordered it online.It makes dirty diapers almost non-existent as there is no mess , no odour whatsoever and is very simple to set-up and use . Only draw-back is the continuous purchase of refills - should be able to use with a simple garbage bag or something.Had to buy one for my best friend who had a baby four weeks after me.Great invention !!!!!!!
 My sister used to have a Safety 1st product for my nephew . Now i got the Genie 2 system for my son , and the product is just awesome . Not a stint of smell inside the room . I see from the forum that many people 's crib is that the refills are way costly.I tried using the regular 13 gallon kitchen drawstring bags from costco and they work perfectly well . Initial set up could be tricky , but once the bag is all set , i can wait for a while and relax until the next bag needs to be changed.I would recommend the product .
 This improved model works very well for our family . It does an admirable job of keeping the diaper stink away from the rest of the room . I liked how I did n't have to twist each load of diaper like in the previous model . You just push diapers through a hatch . Easy enough.But as far as holding up to 180 diapers , as it claims -- I 'm not too sure . It does n't seem to use as many refills as the original DG , but that number seems a bit high . Maybe it can hold that many preemie diapers . From my estimate , it holds about up to half that many diapers . But I do use a lot of wipes and tissues to wipe my baby 's bum and my hands after a diaper change.One thing I would like improvement on is the cutting edge used to remove the liner when the diaper genie is full . I find that I have to wrestle with the liner to get it cutting right . I just found it easier and faster to have scissors nearby and use those scissors to snip the liner , instead of using the cutting mechanism within the pail.Overall , the DG II is a good diaper pail that is expensive to use but worth it because it really contains the awful diaper smell .
 I was very skeptical when I received this as a shower gift , as I remember the original diaper genie . I was wondering why the packaging was so careful to point out that this is Diaper Genie II and now I know why . I am so glad this product has been updated ! No more twisting ! Just open the lid and push the diaper through the clamps.I have been using it for 10 weeks and have had no problems with poopy smells . -LRB- My son is breast and formula fed -RRB- The replacement cartridges are easy to install . The unit is easy to empty . I do wish there was something to indicate that the unit is full , like a window near the top . I go to put in a diaper and ca n't push it in because the bag is full . A minor inconvenience.I find the slender cylindrical shape a great addition to the nursery decor.The height of the unit is odd . It is only about thigh high . This is n't a problem for me as I have mine on top of a low dresser that I use as a changing table.The only improvement left to make is to find a way to use regular trash bags instead of refills . I have to fill a 13 gallon kitchen trash bag to dispose of the liner full of diapers .
 I got the diaper genie 2 as a baby shower gift and I love it . It keeps the diapers out of sight and the smells away from our noses . Although , my baby is only 3 months old so I have not tested out the `` big boy poopy smells '' yet . My son was born 1/5 and I am now on my 3rd refill . I would say they have lasted a long time . We are also pretty consistant about changing him every 2-3 hours . I only gave this 4 stars because about a week ago it fell apart on me ! The clamps you push the diaper through fell off and were stuck around the bag . At first I thought it was broken broken , but later found out that it just came apart . It took me 45 minutes of frustration and pictures of how it should be put together to get it BACK together . Once I figured out the direction the pieces fit together in , it was a SNAP -LRB- literally -RRB- to get it back in working order . What I have learned from this is ... when you cut the bags with the built in cutter , becareful not to pull on it too much because that is what makes the assembly come loose and eventually fall off . Other than that - it is a great product .
 I 'm 60 years old and even my oldest grandchild is far past the diaper stage . We have a Diaper Genie II in the garage we use for the disposal of the droppings from our two Shih-Tzus . We used to put them in a trash can after our walks . Now they go into the Diaper Genie and there is never odor . In hot weather using the old system , the garbage can would be rank . My only problem is that I have not been able to find refills for the II at grocery or discount stores around . Baby stores are not usual haunts of mine . Currently I am using a refill for the I . This is working OK but does n't fit . Still no stink though .
 It serves the purpose & definitely locks the odor however you have to keep on buying refills which can get expensive with extensive usage of diapers .
 This one is easy to use with one hand and it truly contains all odors so nursery is odor-free . Very happy with the purchase and the price !
 Yes , I 'm lazy and have two of these . :-RRB- One for downstairs , one for upstairs . -LRB- I have two kids and own a very busy business that I manage from home , so I do not have time to go up or down stairs every time my son needs his diaper changed . -RRB- When pregnant with my daughter , we had bought the Baby Trend diaper pail . Yes , it uses regular grocery bags which is a money-saver , but do you really want to smell dirty diapers all the time ? What 's the point if you can still smell them ? We got rid of that and tried this without regret.First , it holds a lot . We empty them once a week for trash day . Because we have two we typically do not have to empty them more often than that.Second , the spring-loaded mechanism creates a pretty tight seal so you do n't smell anything . Yes , when you put a new diaper in there you might get a whiff of another dirty diaper that was already in there . The smell disappears quickly.I think it 's funny that one reviewer wrote that this is unsanitary because you have to push the diaper down and your hand touches the inside bag . Well , A -RRB- the bag also moves down with a new diaper -LRB- if you 're using it correctly -RRB- , so your hand is probably touching clean bag . B -RRB- Are n't you going to wash or sanitize your hands after changing a dirty diaper anyway?I highly recommend these diaper pails . NO complaints here !
 I love the diaper genie II . We live in a 1 bedroom aptartment and Our daughter is in the dining room . -LRB- Long story we are moving at the end of the month -RRB- Anyway there is no smell and we have thrown out poopie diapers . It does fill up quick and so the refills add to the cost . But otherwise no complaints .
 I do n't know how I ever made it without a Diaper Genie ! This system ensures that the diapers do not smell . We loved it so much we bought one for upstairs , downstairs and for grandparent 's houses . It is super easy to use -- highly recommend that if you use disposable diapers to buy this product . On another note-the Diaper Genie Elite works even better !
 I had the original diaper genie for my first child many years ago and I think the new diaper genie system 2 has improved 100 % . It 's bigger so it holds more diapers . When it needs changing , it 's so easy and simple , unlike the original . It holds in all the unpleasent smells !
 this product truly works . it was given to me , and i was just about ready to pass it on and just rely on the usual method we started with our second child , of simply discarding regular dirty diapers in the trash and then double-bagged poopy diapers in our stainless steel trash can . it works well for us , but is fairly tedious , especially now that we have two kids in diapers . i 've always balked at the idea of having to buy refills for a diaper pail . it always seemed to me like a manipulative sales strategy , so we used the diaper champ with our first child , but that product only helped to reduce odor to a certain extent . i really appreciated that i could reuse regular plastic shopping or trash bags , but it was virtually useless by the time our first was fully into solid food.anyway , i broke down and decided to keep the diaper genie 2 anyway . i figured , hey , it was given to me , so if i do n't like it i can pass it on . we use it only for the poopy diapers of our 3-month old as well as our 2-year old , so there 's a good variety of waste products put into that thing . i must say that i 've been shocked by how well it keeps the foul odor in ! it is such an utter improvement from the original diaper genie i 'd encounter in church nurseries and friends ' houses , which seemd to work about as well as the diaper champ . the sausages were pretty ridiculous , too . so , i do n't know , i might just have to break down and buy the refills when the one that came with the package runs out , because it really does work !
 The Diaper Genie II is an amazing product . It 's extremely easy to use , but , more importantly , it contains all perceptible diaper odors in the bag . The only issue I 've had was slight odor leakage inside the pail because I was n't careful when inserting a diaper through the clamp and a tore very tiny hole in the film with my fingernail . In that instance , the smell did not escape the pail but was released only when I opened the bottom compartment to change out the bag . Subsequently , I took care not to nick the film , and no smell escaped the bag into the bottom compartment.Before using the Diaper Genie II , we tried to get by with using a normal wastebasket . The smell was FIERCE . Considering just how foul a diaper pail can get , I am utterly astonished at how effective is the Diaper Genie II 's design . The cost of the pail and the film is worth not having to subject ourselves to the olfactory torture we used to endure .
 and bought a diaper trash system . As a first time mom , I was pretty naive . `` I do n't wan na waste money on THAT . I 'll just throw away the baby diaper trash every day '' . As a matter of fact , I threw it away TWICE a day and the trash still reeked of a horrific stench , courtesy of poop my daughter generously expelled as a result of her growing and adventurous appetite for solid foods . Just being in the vicinity of one poopy diaper caused gag reflexes . So I purchased this one -LRB- off Craiglist for $ 10 bucks with extra refill -RRB- and since then , I am in heaven . The bag holds plenty of diapers so that I do n't have to throw it away daily . Maybe every 3-4 days ? And the stench ? Completely gone . I throw in a lot of soiled diapers AND keep the pail in the baby room and still no smell . Previously , I left the garbage pail OUTSIDE the room . The pail is easy to use and I dont have a problem with using it . Of course I have yet to see how many days one re-fill will last and they do seem pretty expensive -LRB- hence the 4 star rating instead of 5 -RRB- , but its worth not having a wave of stinky poop violate my nose . So Little Munchkin ... hit me with your best POOP !!!
 I purchased the Diaper Genie to contain the smell of dog poop in my garage . I wish I had thought of it myself , but I am very grateful to the friend that suggested it . It 's definitely doing the job and I 'm sharing it with all my dog friends . I think it should not be advertised for diapers alone but dog owners too . It 's wonderful !!!
 Just bought Diaper Genie II 2 months ago and it 's already clearly better than the one we were given 21/2 years ago when our daughter was born . She 's not interested in being potty trained yet and the other one smelled so bad we had to do something . We had the Genie that twisted on the top with the lid closed -LRB- not the original that you twisted with the lid open -RRB- . When the lid on that one was open , sometimes it flipped the whole thing over , it was so heavy . Version II is easy to open , easy to operate , easy to clean out , and does n't smell anywhere near as bad as the one we had . You get a little whiff if you do n't get the diaper in fast , but getting it in fast is pretty easy to do . The cutter works great on the II - I had to use scissors on the old system because the button cutter just did n't cut it -LRB- literally -RRB- . I wish there was an easier way to carry the unit and that it did n't open in the middle , but I 'll take that over the old unit anyday . Oh , and Borax really does help cut the smell in the container if there is some when the pooey diapers are taken out . I wish I 'd discovered that 21/2 years ago !
 I bought a Diaper Champ at Goodwill for about $ 3 , and figured `` What the heck -- I 'll give it a whirl for $ 3 . '' My daughter is now 20 months old and I 'm expecting again in October . Given that I 'd be able to use it for another child , I finally broke down and bought a Diaper Genie II . The Diaper Champ DID hold a lot of diapers , but I found it really annoying to change the bags . When I opened the lid , it would n't stay open , and because the lid was very heavy , it often came crashing down on my hand -LRB- ouch ... -RRB- . Furthermore , my daughter 's room always had a lingering stink to it . Not so at all with the Diaper Genie II ! I ca n't imagine that you 'd have to change it every day with a newborn -LRB- like I 've read in some critiques -RRB- if you 're folding the diapers over and making them into neat little packages with the tabs . My daughter takes size 6 diapers and I only have to change it every couple of days , because she goes to daycare . The liner is like one long snake of garbage bag , and all you need to do to change it is slide it through the cutter , tie it off , and remove the bag . Then you tie off the end that hangs from the dispenser , and close the lid -- a no brainer . The liners are a tad expensive -LRB- the cheapest I 've found is about $ 5.99 -RRB- , but it 's worth it to me to not have her room stinking all the time and not to dread changing the bag anymore .
 I read some of the other reviews , and I felt that I HAD to write a review of my own . Yes , I own the product . I bought it with my own money the day my daughter came home -LRB- technically , I sent my husband to Babies R Us , but let 's move on -RRB- , and I do not work for any company affiliated with the Diaper Genie . Having said all that ... 1 . If you can not open the Diaper Genie one handed , and shove a diaper that you SHOULD have folded up into a neat little package into the said Genie ... you are an idiot . Sorry . It is NOT DIFFICULT to open the Genie with one hand , and shove the diaper in with the same hand . That leaves a free hand to keep on the baby . Of course there will be dirtier than usual diapers that can not be folded into a neat little package , but overall , come on . It is really not that difficult .2 . Yes , buying their brand of refill bags does get pricey , but you should have thought about that before you bought the Genie . If it was a gift , fine . You still should have priced the refills before getting into an uproar and complaining on Amazon .3 . Mine has never smelled , and my daughter is 10 months old . Thats why there is a lid , and the bag that contains all the smelley diapers ... it keeps smells at bay . Let 's think about this for a minute ... if you use a regular garbage can with a lid , every time you open that lid , it will smell , correct ? The Diaper Genie seals the hole closed , so in theory , odors should not seep out . If you use a regular trash can , it will smell . In theory .4 . Yes , a diaper sausage is really gross to see , but it also fascinates me at the same time . Whatever.Come on people . Nothing is perfect . The Diaper Genie is a pretty genius product , IMHO . But some of the complaints on here - whoa ! Just take a minute to woo-sah , and everything will be better . Overall , this is a great product , it is a very simple design , very user friendly , and is really not that critical to waste precious minutes of your life complaining about on Amazon .
 We wanted this because we have two dogs with a terrible interest in eating all things ; from the tasty to the disgusting . We actually have a lock on our fridge because of these two crafty trouble makers . We were skeptical but our son is 4 months old and the dogs have not been able to break into the Diaper Genie and not for lack of trying ! And , on a side note , we keep it in the living room and no one 's even noticed it because it is so good at containing the smells of diapers.If your dog is able to break into the Diaper Genie I would be utterly shocked . Buy this diaper smuggler if you want to keep the diapers out of the mouths of dogs , smells totally contained and have an easy way to dispose of dirty diapers .
 This pail system is the best ... . by far . Do n't listen the other naysayers . Do n't get the Diaper Genie II Elite ... . buy this one . The Elite has feet that will break off . I own two of these now , and neither has been any trouble at all . Bag Installation is so easy , the tear away bags are very easy to use . I 've become accustomed to these now , so I can install a refill in about 15 seconds . Once the can gets full , I can remove the old diapers , twist , and tie the bag in about 10 seconds . If you 're a grandparent , you might not like to have to lean over or get on your knees to do changeouts . That 's the only negative to this one . Buy it . Do n't buy anything else .
 This does a good job of containing the smell and you can get less expensive refills to fit it under the brand name `` baby trend odor grabber '' .
 I really wanted a diaper pail and online they said it was the best -- and I really like it . It 's also not a big thing , but very nice-looking for a diaper pail . The refills are $ 5-6 , but I only need one refill -LRB- maybe 1.5 -RRB- a month . You need more at the beginning because they go through more diapers . It is another one of those expenses that you really could eliminate , but I love not having to worry about where the dirty diaper is going . It 's easy , you do n't touch anything , and you only have to empty it after 15-20 diapers . Very nice .
 I read many of the reviews for the Diaper Genie as well as the Diaper Champ and I ended up registering for the Diaper Genie II since it was more affordable and both had people complaining about similar things . I am not disappointed at all with my Diaper Genie II , however , it is the only kind I ever used and I never had the original Diaper Genie with the twist-bags that other reviewers wish they had not taken away.The Diaper Genie II is easy to set up and to use . You have to push the diaper through a spring loaded opening that locks the diapers in along with the smell . I never had a diaper squirt out on my hand because of the force of pushing it through the spring-loaded door as others have complained about , but perhaps my daughter just does n't have extremely soiled diapers due to her age -LRB- four months -RRB- , but I can see that being an issue if you do have heavily soiled diapers . I change the pail after about ten to twelve diapers and have not had an issue with the smell coming through . We were just putting them in with our regular trash and THAT was a problem as you got a whiff each and every time you opened the garbage can . It is much more practical than using your regular garbage can . Lastly , it is very easy to cut the bags and load in more.I am a bit worried that when she is old enough to walk and get into things she can easily get into the top of the pail , but I doubt she would be strong enough to push through the spring-loaded door . Overall , I am very happy with the Diaper Genie and it is much more affordable than others that are $ 40 + .
 I was happy to find this for my newborn 's stinky surprises . It really helped contain the smell to a VERY dull whisper . It does n't contain ALL of the smell , but pretty darn close . Much better than any other random garbage with a lid . Very easy to empty and reline . Refills are almost reasonably priced and very easy to refill . Just wish it could house more diapers .
 It does its job and I 'm 90 % satisfied . I do n't think there 's a perfect diaper pail out there . Yet.After trying several pails and settling for this one , I 've even come to think that not having any pail in the nursery could be the simplest yet the best way of dealing with diapers .
 I was skeptical about this diaper pail before and we used a regular trash can for the longest time . However , as our baby grew older , her diapers starting smelling worse . We got the Diaper Genie II since we got tired of throwing out her smelly diapers daily . It really does block all odors even after a week !!! And you can really pack in the diapers before having to change the bag . The only thing I dislike is tying off the bags for disposal and the really expensive price of the refill bags . We do n't mind the hand flip lid at all , so that 's why we did n't go for the Elite diaper pail with foot pedal .
 My brother recieved it and so far so good !!! He 's happy with it . I know people who use this product and I like it tons .
 I am very happy with this pail . It does not let the smell out as long as the clamp is closed . I can sit right next to a full pail and not know it . Very good purchase ! It does hold enough when the size of the diapers is smaller . If you need this for a 2 year olds it will fillup fast . The case is smaller , but then again , you would n't want to let it sit for very long anyway . I am very pleased !
 This is alright , it keeps most oders away and easy to put the dirty diapers somewhere . The only thing is when the bags run out , they can get pricey when you have to keep buying them . overall though i give it a 4 out of 5 .
 These disposable changing pads are indispensible . We have used them for almost a year now and find them to have many uses . They are great for changing diapers away from home and at home are ideal for changing messy diapers because the entire package can be wrapped up and disposed of easily . Although they are a bit expensive , we have found them to be worth it because they are so sanitary .
 We used to get another brand at Target , but they stopped carrying the 24 pack and it is not worth the price for the 10 pack , which is larger sheets . If you are in diapers , keep these in your diaper bags - if you have any leakage pees during changes , then these protect your diaper bag pad and you can toss them away with the dirty diaper.I also use these on top of our changing table , which helps protect the fabric on our changing pad for the messy diaper changes . Another tip I found helpful for messy diaper changes - get 2 table pads and keep the second one under the changing table . If you have a midnight messy change - you will have a fresh changing pad ready for the next change and you can do the laundry and change the cover when you are awake.We are finally out of diapers , but these sheets really helped keep the messes and cleanup easier for us . I hope this review helps someone else get through the diaper years with a little less work/cleanup .
 We used these with our daughter who tended to pee every diaper change . The pads contained the pee and never leaked onto the pad cover . How Nice ! We also used them as insurance in the car seat on long trips . Well worth the money !
 Best idea yet , it was Awesome this was the best gift my sister said for a newborn baby . Great gift to give .
 I bought these to protect the floor area in front of the litter pans . I tuck them under the front of the pans slightly for those times when the kitty may be facing the `` wrong '' direction . They work GREAT !!
 I like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper . Just the right size , and leakproof .
 I was not sure what to expect when I ordered these , because they were a LOT cheaper than other disposable changing pads , but I am not disappointed . They do the job . I was sick of washing my cloth -LRB- although waterproof -RRB- changing pad several times a week , and my newborn daughter even went through a `` phase '' of peeing on the changing table -LRB- once her diaper was off -RRB- during several changes a day . I would not have been able to have washed the cloth changing pad that many times ! These are very thin , but absorbent . They always have done the trick for us , soaking up the pee so that none dripped to the cloth changing pad underneath . WONDERFUL !
 This was the best purchase !! These work great and have saved our changing pad from being stained !!! They are just like the paper they put under your chin at the dentist office - and they work great !!! We use each one a few times - unless it gets dirty on the first use - then just toss it . Great to have in the diaper bag as well - do n't feel so bad using the changers in the bathroom with these !!!
 Excellent pads , they absorb very well . I never had to worry when little accidents happened . I would recommend .
 My daughter had twin boys.Wouldn ' t know what to do without these pads.They hold everything no leakage .
 This is a wonderful must haves if you have baby at home who is not yet potty trained ... Great Product ...
 This product has been an absolute lifesaver ... I have never seen such a thin sheet of paper absorb so much of EVERYTHING ! My daughter frequently chooses to pee as soon as her diaper is off , and these pads have saved me again and again from having to wash her changing pad cover . I use them under her when she naps in places other than her crib . Ca n't say enough great things about this product !
 I love these and will be buying more . I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic . They absorb pretty well -- I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast , but 95 % of the time it does n't leak into my changing pad sheet . I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it does n't have time to leak anyway . These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover . I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack .
 I love this valence ! I have the crib set , picture frames , diaper stacker , and striped bins as well and they are all so cute . Be sure you check the length of the valence and type of rod you are using to hang it . I made the mistake of ordering one valence thinking it would fit the size of my window . I did n't think about the window being so wide that the rod would have a support bracket in the middle so the valence only was able to cover 1/2 of it . I ended up ordering another valence for the other side ... perfect !
 Could not be happier !! It looks great and it very good quality . We love the Toddler bedding that we bought with it !
 This valance compliments my daughters nursery wonderfully . We have the Maya crib bedding set and matching valance and it looks wonderful ! I washed the valance before hanging it up , let it air dry , then hung it up and it looks great !
 I ordered this curtain for my hall bathroom and needed something that was blue and yellow to go with my shower curtain . I just ordered from a picture on the amazon website . It was cuter than I thought , and looks great !
 This valance is great . It arrived on time and in good condition . Perfect final touch to her room!Thx so much !!!! - highly recommend
 I bought these valences to match the Trand Lab Morgan bedding set , hamper and frames for my baby 's nursery and I do not have a signle complaint about any of the Trend Lab items I have purchased ! These valences compliment the nursry well and evens out the design across the room since it 's mostly focused on/around the crib because of the bedding set . I did n't even have to iron these before I hung them up ! The colors are soft and neutal and would work in other rooms besides the nursery for when baby grows out of it .
 Just redid my bed room in blues & yellow . This valance is perfect and gives my room a real `` bam ''
 I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I received this from the shipper ! Unfortunately , I did not love the pattern . There were a lot of white sections and it was really leafy . I was looking for something paisley with bright and pretty pinks and greens . The colors were pretty & I loved the stripes ; you could match a lot with it . Those leafy sections just made it look cheap looking to me , especially the comforter . Although I am in the process of returning the entire set , I would order from this seller again . The seller made the returning part very easy and understood that I did not like the set once I saw it in person . I gave 4 stars because the seller was great but the item was not !
 I was very pleased with the product I received . It was exactly as it appeared in the photo and of good quality material . A great product for the cost !
 This valence and the entire paisley park set are sooo pretty ! Of course it matches the set perfectly . I bought 2 so that I could scrunch them up instead of just having it straight across but honestly it looked cute either way I just prefer the scrunched look . I put plain white curtain under them for our daughter 's room .
 Looked around for this piece at different stores and could n't find it at the right price . Found it on Amazon with other like pieces for a great price . Item is just as pictures . Make sure to pay attention to the figures or shapes . They do make this the same color but with different shapes in the pattern .
 I bought this for my bedroom not knowing it is supposedly for a crib set ... Anyway it matches my denim Tommy Hillfiger comforter perfectly so I am very happy . It is a nice material as wellQ
 i bought this for my sons room . the theme is surfer and this seemed very `` beachy '' and when we got it ... it was perfect . i read the reviews about not washing the bumper pad so we didnt . just washed and ironed everything else . it is super cute . we have white furniture in his room and it 's perfect !
 Very happy with how these look in my daughters room . Was looking for a compliment poka dot pattern and found Trend Labs . Perfect finishing touch . Good quality product .
 we love this whole set . a must have if you like the pattern . gives a new look for baby boys .
 I bought this matching crib set back in 2008 when I had my son . 2 years later , baby boy # 2 arrives and we switch their rooms . My baby had darkening blinds in his room and I just needed a curtain vallance ... I was SO HAPPY when searching Amazon that I found the matching Valance for a crib set that Target had put out 2 years prior.The material is wonderful and the brown tabs add a great touch!I love that Amazon has things that Department stores may no longer have or carry!It is perfect for his room
 Great shipping and delivery time . Product arrived early , and was as described . Thanks ! -LRB- This item was cheaper from only one other vendor , but the wait time was over 3 weeks . Was glad to pay a couple of dollars more and get it even earlier than expected . -RRB- Thank you ! Order was placed on a Sunday night , received it on Thursday , with Labor Day inside that shipping timeframe .
 I have 4 windows in my daughter 's room . I purchased these valances for her nursery and they are so cute ! They are made of great quality ! I put a bright pink sheer curtain under the valances and they look awesome together . They really make the room stand out !
 Nursery is now complete with these . Good quality and good length , at first I was worried I may have to order 2 for one window . But one per window is fine . Would recommend to a friend .
 I ordered this valance for my daughter 's bedroom . She is 5 years old and loves the new valance . It is adorable . The product seems to be very well made .
 This valance is a perfect match to my bedding set . It looks great in the window . Exactly what I expected and it got here super fast !!!
 It 's too bad that I was unable to find a valance locally , but this valance looked cute and works very well in my kitchen . I needed 2 -LRB- have 2 windows -RRB- , but Amazon only had one , so I went to = Overstock and paid more for the 2nd one but it 's worth it . They are a nice valance that is cotton and once ironed looks great ! I only wish Amazon would quit sending me suggestions for a baby 's room since this is under a baby company that produced it.Very happy with this valance and would buy it again . Cute design :0 -RRB- Disappointed with Amazon 's turn around time before it was even shipped . Once shipped it was as expected .
 I was just about to order 2 of these valances from Kmart.com for $ 19.99 each -LRB- same price on Overstock.com -RRB- when I decided to type the name into a search engine . I was so surprised and happy to find that Amazon.com was offering the same valances for half the price ! Needless to say , I ordered the 2 I needed , they arrived quickly , and I am very happy with my purchase . Amazon.com comes through again !
 The pink valance matches my daughter 's bedding and gives her room a pretty girly look .
 I bought this valance to match the crib set by Trend Lab . It is very pretty and looks great in the room .
 I received a `` Nappy Cake '' from a dear friend for the birth of our third child . Not only did we use the diapers but it was a pretty centerpiece at my shower . The item was packaged PERFECTLY ! There were no pins or sharp objects used when making the cake . I would highly recommend this as a gift for anyone expecting a baby ! Our cake was the talk of the neighborhood !
 I 'll never have to search for another baby gift again ! It is a perfect way to dress up a practical present that new mothers will actually be able to use . I 've ordered many of these cakes for friends and I 've received rave reveiws from every one of them . Who knew diapers could be so pretty ?
 I received one of these cakes as a gift after my daughter was born and it could n't have come at a more perfect time . Not only was it a beautiful center piece on our dining room table for visitors to see , but it was so practical . As a new mom , I had no idea how many diapers you need on a regular basis , nor how expensive new stuff for babies can be , so the Nappy Cake was a perfect gift to keep us sleep deprived parents from heading to the store one more time for another package of diapers . Beautiful and practical - who could ask for anything more ...
 I have been using this for 5 yrs , I use it everyday , over my entire body . I have very sensitive skin and most lotions and oils make me break out or itch , even most sun screen . But , this is the only product that does not . And it leaves my skin so hydrated . It is hard to find in stores and when i find it I buy as many bottles as are on the shelf . Glad I have found on Amazon .
 I purchased this recently and tried out what everybody before me has suggested ... apply after bathing when skin is still wet , pat dry with a towel , and you 're good to go ! Just use a small amount because a little goes a long way , but I do n't see how it could be sticky unless you slather on a ridiculous amount . It 's much more effective than lotion , you use a lot less product , and it 's also roughly 10 times faster than lotioning your entire body . I highly recommend trying this for dry skin , maybe a couple times a week !
 I have been using this product for years as an eye makeup remover and love it . Never a reaction or a rash of any kind . Although as I say , I use it solely for an eye makeup remover and it works wonderfully . I have fair skin that 's pretty sensitive plus I wear contact lenses . No issues whatsoever ! I 'm here buying more today .
 This product is pure , gentle , soft-smelling wizardry that is guaranteed to cure the dryness from harsh indoor heat and cold winter weather.After your bath or shower , before you have totally dried off , use Johnsons Baby Oil Gel . Its guaranteed to lock in your skin 's natural moisture and the moisture from your bath!Start with a small amount , massaging it in , and add more as you need it . A little goes a long way . You might want to keep one in the kitchen as well . This product does wonders to save your hands after washing up the dishes.Before bed , apply it a bit more generously on your hands . Work it in well on your cuticles and nails . You will be amazed that this simple and very inexpensive product can do so much . The gel form is a definite plus -- no messy spills to contend with.On a whim , I also used a tiny bit of it on the ends of my long hair with excellent results . -LRB- No frizzies ! -RRB- This is a great value that I highly recommend .
 Great product for the price , however if your use to really really plush and soft cashmere dont expect the most expensive type here , its still cashmere and its still soft , but there are softer cashmeres out there .
 I LOVE THIS ! These blankets are amazingly soft and beautiful , truly exceeded my expectations . I bought two for my daughter 's newborn twins , and they arrived quickly . We are DELIGHTED , and 100 % satisfied . The quality is beautiful and they are so soft and fine . It 's a joy to wrap my beautiful granddaughters in these fine , cashmere blankets . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . Great price , excellent seller . Nicely packaged and TRULY GORGEOUS .
 Bought this for a friend 's baby . It is divinely soft and luxurious , but the pink shade is a bit on the yucky side . Too bad she did n't have a boy !
 I researched various booster seats in hopes of finding one that I would feel secure enough for my 3 year old Son to ride in without the use of a 5 point harness , since most booster seats do not have a harness . We were ready for a new seat when I became concerned about how much the top of his head was not protected by his Britax Roundabout . Although , this seat is heavy , its heavy because it is made of the finest materials . My Son is well protected between the head bolsters , which is also comfortable for him when he naps on our outings . I would rather have an expensive , heavy and untrendy seat for my Son to ride in as long as he is safe . I now have peace of mind after buying this seat , knowing he 's in the best booster out on the market .
 I have a two year old who is growing out of her second car seat at about 30 + pounds . We have been researching other products for a while and finally decided on the recaro start seat . It is a very excellant seat with everything adjustable and easy to install . The growth capacity is very good . Even at just over 30lbs she seems to fit just right . The seat was a bit pricier than the others we looked at , but seems to be well worth it . Thanks to the recaro engineers for thinking of my kid !
 This booster seat is a monster . It has an aluminum frame that 's quite heavy , but wo n't slide around . The lady who complained about its weight probably does n't realize the safety of such a ruggedly built seat . It 's got adjustable side impact cushions , shoulder cushions , and a reclining seat . There are rubber rollers on either side that hold the seatbelt shoulder strap so that you do n't have to wind out the strap every time . This allows my toddler to buckle herself in ! It has stereo speakers built into the head side-cushions . The audio input is through a 1/8 '' stereo minijack . I plan to use these when I get an in-car DVD player . Awesome . But do n't buy it from Amazon . Buy it from Toys R Us at $ 199 !
 Yes - the seat is monst - big , heavy and bulky.If you are transferring the seat often - this is NOT one that makes the transfer easy - esepcially if you add the foot rest.That being said - this seat is built the same way the RECARO `` racing '' seats are made : -- aluminim frame -- Suspended rubber mat -- High density `` visco elastic '' foam -LRB- it softens under body temp -RRB- The belt cam at the top makes it easy to buckle in/out as you dont have to wind out the strap out each time.As far as I can tell , this is no longer imported per seHowever it appears to be availabe as a `` Special needs '' seatI love this eat - it appears to be the safest thing out there .
 I feel this is one of those special things - most people have n't found yet , or do n't know about . We used this lounger sooo much with our son . It helped keep him propped up , so that he was n't lying down flat . It was so cozy for him . We placed it inside our co-sleeper , initially , and later took it with us when visiting Grandma . You can set it on the bed or sofa and it creates an instant bed for any newborn . Of course , we always kept an eye on our son , too . He was n't left on the sofa . One of us would be sitting next to him . But , it was an alternative and it also kept him from lying down flat . We then had our lap free for a moment to read or relax . We consider it a `` must-have . ''
 This is a wonderful product . We had our first baby in December and she uses this on a daily basis . It fits her perfectly ! It 's so hard sometimes to get new babies to sleep anywhere but your arms , but she loves this . Initially I thought there was no cover for this pillow , but I found one on Target 's website , also made by Boppy . There are several prints available , if you are so inclined . I would recommend this product to everyone with a new baby - it 's been a lifesaver for me .
 This lounger is the perfect place for an infant . It 's just the right angle and snugness . Our 8 week old sleeps swaddled on this . He has acid reflux and the position is great for him . He can not sleep flat on his back because of the pain associated with his reflux . This is definitely my favorite and most used baby product !
 I had used the regular boppy when my son was born 4 years ago and liked it , but my son used to sag into the opening alot . I purchased the newborn boppy for my daughter last month -LRB- she 's 2 weeks old -RRB- and its the best thing ever . It cradles her body and elevates her head . I put this inside the pack and play and she sleeps soundly . The only negative I can think of is that it does n't have a cover so you need to be careful that it does n't get anything spilled on it . It can not be machine washed .
 My son loves this pillow ! He will nap in it often . It is inclined enough for him to get a different view of what is going on around him , although the incline is probably not great enough for those little ones who have problems with gastric reflux.I agree with a previous poster that this pillow was much larger than I expected . My son is 14 lbs and 25 inches long and he still has a lot of room left on this.The one thing I am not crazy about is the fabric , it has pilled quite a bit in its less than 3 months of use . The pillow also can only be spot washed . It would be nice to have a removable washable cover . Otherwise , great product , would purchase again if ever needed .
 I requested this item on my baby registry and loved it imediately . I used it from the time I brought my daughter home from the hospital until she was about 15 pounds . There are warning labels -LRB- like 5 -RRB- attached to the pillow and at first I was concerned , but my daughter slept so soundly in her lounger and it allowed me to sit down next to her without being worried that she would fall or be uncomfortable . She loved her lounger , it was soft and easy to transport . We also used her bouncer when she was awake , but she seemed to be more rested if she slept in her lounger . I did not bring her basinet from room to room , so I left this in the living room and was so pleased . I highly recomend this to all new parents and urge you not to fear all of the labels .
 I would HIGHLY recommend this product . This was given to me at a shower and it has been a huge lifesaver . Actually , my 6 month old is so attached to sleeping in it , not sure how I will break him of it ! He even enjoys this better than his lounger with all the `` bells and whistles '' ... I give this to all my friends expecting , now !
 This lounger has been a lifesaver for us and I never really thought it would be . When I first looked at this pillow I did n't realize it was for preemies . Someone bought me the pillow a month after my son was born and after reading the reviews I was scared that my son would quickly outgrow this lounger . However , he is 5 months old , 20 lbs . and 27 in . long and we still use the pillow with him . My husband would put our son on the pillow next to him while he worked on the computer in the mornings . Our son always fell right back to sleep in the lounger . Our son gets a bit fussy at night while we are getting our daughter ready for bed . We just bring the lounger in the bathroom and the minute we put our son on it , he quiets down and it allows us to finish getting her ready for bed by freeing up our hands . The amazing thing is that he rolls all over the place but he has yet to even try to roll out of this pillow . I figure we will be able to use this lounger until he discovers that he can roll out of it . I have been extremely happy with this product and it has allowed us a comfortable spot to put our son that seems to comfort him and make him happy . They added the slipcover for the lounger , which I just realized , which bumps my rating up to a 5 star -LRB- I could n't figure out how to edit the rating once I put it in -RRB- !
 I wish I had this with my first son . Our baby is 3 months old and he loves it . He is inclined in it and he 's quiet for long long periods of time when I put him in it . I guess he finds this new view of the world fascinating . He 's also very snug in it , so no chance for him to roll over.I do wish the cover came off . It is a flannel type material , very soft but it can only be spot cleaned . My 16 month old `` kissed '' the baby and got chocolate milk on the cover that I had to clean up immediately -LRB- and I just received it today -RRB- . : o -RRB- Other than the minor issue with the cover , I absolutely love it . My 3 month old is very tall for his age , so I 'm sure I will no longer be able to use this in 2 months , but it will have been worth it .
 We got the newborn loungers on the recommendation of a friend . I was very sceptical before my twins were born , but they turned out to be by far one of our most used products when the boys were young . We used them everyday until they were close to 5 months old -LRB- and rolling back to tummy consistantly -RRB- . The only con was not having a removable cover -LRB- which they have added now -RRB- . It is on my list of `` to buy '' for friends who are having babies .
 Bought this after seeing it online and LOVE it ! My son is 21/2 months old & 13lbs . now and has spent a ton of time in it . He still sleeps in it every night and I 'm weaning him off of it during the day . It was perfect for me as a second time mom . I could put the baby in it and deal with my 21/2 year old and know he was comfortable and safe . I plan on buying it for every mom I know who is having a baby , whether or not they registered for it , I know that they are going to love it ! The fabric is so soft and cozy , my husband and I wish there was an adult sized one ! The ONLY drawback is the lack of a slipcover , so hopefully Boppy will address that in the near future . I just made sure to keep a burp cloth beneath his head and that helped to keep it from getting too much `` stuff '' absorbed '' into it . Would definitely recommend this to everyone !
 I purchased this boppy pillow on a whim when I spotted it in a store . I am so glad I did , because it is used on a daily basis . You can carry it from room to room , and is perfect for when you need free hands for a few minutes . I set my 21/2 month old baby down on it when I need to shoot out a quick email in my home office , where there is no swing or bouncer . We even use it occasionally for nighttime bottle feedings , setting the boppy on our bed between us . Her head is slightly elevated so it works well for that purpose , then we can just move her back to her bassinet when she drifts back to sleep . Baby is quite comfortable in it . The only drawback is that it is not slipcovered . So far , this is the best baby purchase I 've made since my now 5-year-old was a baby .
 I have 6 week old twins and would not have been able to survive without the newborn lounger -LRB- I have two -RRB- . They love sleeping in their pillows or just lay there awake and look around the room . I get more compliments on the loungers than anything else I use on the babies . This is my new gift for baby showers . It is a must have !!!
 I was given this item as a gift and originally thought that I would return it b/c I would n't use it . My baby is almost 3 months old and we still are using it . It 's sat at the dining room table , been on trips , and when I 'm done with it I 'll use it as a dog bed . I love it and more importantly the baby loves it !
 I bought this for my son after seeing a picture of my sister-in-law 's son laying in his . I am so glad I did . My son likes to have his head propped when sleeping , and this makes that possible . As long as you watch your child closely , this is very safe and comfortable for them . My son is almost 3 months old , and weighs about 11 pounds . He fits perfectly . As he grows out of it , I will probably keep it as a comfy place for him to sit or lean against . It was well worth the money .
 What a lifesaver this pillow has been for my 2 month old daughter . When my son wants me to play a game , puzzle or play on the floor . I just lay her on the pillow so she can watch us and feel apart of our play time . I have also found it helpful when I fold laundry . I can lay her down right beside me and she can watch what I am doing . It props the baby 's head up just enough -- better than just laying flat on the floor . The lounger also cradles the baby . I wish that I had found this when my son was a baby . I recomend this lounger to every new mommy .
 My son is 5 days old and we both absolutely love this pillow ! The label says not to let them sleep on it but what else do newborns do ? He sleeps like a `` baby '' on this pillow ! There are also a few different covers for it with the same soft material ! Who could ask for anything better ! Worth every penny ! I wish I would have had this for my first son . Also we take this pillow EVERYWHERE ! It gives him somewhere comfortable and familiar to lounge and nap ! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT !
 I do n't know why anyone would find anything wrong with this pillow . My TWO kids slept in these every day for at least three months each . It went everywhere with us . They both loved it , and so did I ! I give it for a baby gift every baby shower , and I would n't think twice !
 My newborn son would only sleep in this lounger . After reading the many warning labels on the lounger and being a bit frightened by them at first , we eventually allowed him to sleep in it under supervision . My son was on the smaller side when he was born and suffered from reflux . This lounger is the only thing that kept him content enough to fall asleep -LRB- well that or being held -RRB- . We tried everything ... his bouncer chair , swing , and even trying to get him to sleep in his car seat like the doctor suggested . He screamed in all of them , but love the Boppy Lounger . It is also a great alternative to putting your baby on the floor or couch . I always tell my husband that I wish they made an adult sized Boppy Lounger ! It seems so cozy and comfortable . I say this is a must have for all new Moms . I will be buying my sister in law this for her baby shower as well !
 I used this for the first 6 months of life of my daughter . It helped keep their head tilted up to reduce indigestion after feeding and made for a comfortable seat when she was next to me on the bed . Note , once she learned how to kick , she was able to kick her way off the pillow or turn herself around so her head was at the lowest point .
 I added the Boppy Newborn Lounger as a `` hey , that might be cool '' selection to our baby registry and it turned into our most-loved and most-used item . It 's great for naps -LRB- the product warnings can freak you out , but obviously you should use responsibly ! -RRB- and a way for mom and dad to sit and interact with baby without always having to hold him/her - good for giving your arms a break . We 've taken it to Grandma 's house so others can see and talk to the baby without having to pass her around endlessly , in addition to giving her a place to snooze without setting up a pack-n-play . Our daughter is also very spitty so we 've inclined her on the lounger after feedings to help her keep it down . We 'll miss it now that she 's outgrowing it.It also gets the seal of approval from our cat , who tries to take it over if we accidentally leave it out while the baby is n't using it .
 When we first bought this product for our newborn , he would n't stay in it for more than a few minutes and so we thought we wasted our money and put it away . Now that he is 3 months , he will hang out in it for longer periods . We put it in between us on the couch so when he gets bored of entertaining himself we can jump in .
 Our one month old son loves to sleep on this pillow . Next to his parents , the Boppy Newborn Lounger is his favorite place to crash -LRB- despite all the warning labels . -RRB- Once you read all the warning tags , you suspect the whole thing will catch on fire the moment you start to fold the laundry . I 'm pretty sure it 's all for liability purposes , the pillow itself does not seem very suspicious . Obviously , do n't put it on top of the dryer , but how a baby could NOT sleep on this pillow is beyond me . My preemie son loves to sleep , rest , digest and chill on his pillow -LRB- he 's now 6.5 pounds -RRB- and it supports his little body well . I would recommend this one to any new parent.My husband and I call it the DANGER PILLOW due to all the fearsome labeling . So far it has not attacked any of us .
 This lounger works great ! We have a preemie and right now the Boppy is a little too big for our son . We just place him in the Newborn Lounger and he is comfy as he can be . It is safe place to put him versus putting him on the floor or couch.In about a few months he 'll start using his Boppy but until then this product has been a lifesaver ! What a great idea .
 I saw this item on a relative 's registry and decided to buy one when I was getting ready for our second child . I thought it would be a good way for our three year old to `` admire '' the new baby without having to hold him all the time . It works great for that - but even better for keeping our baby asleep ! He is a spitter , and has recently been diagnosed with reflux at just three weeks . A recommendation for reflux babies is to allow them to be at an incline after feedings . This serves that purpose perfectly . It keeps the baby warm and snuggly and helps to stop the spitting up ! Only word of warning - make sure the baby is centered in the cushion if sleeping . Our son managed to wriggle over the side a bit .
 Our daughter was under 6 pounds when she was born and this was the perfect place for her to sleep -LRB- even though the manufacture says not to allow the newborn to sleep in the product -RRB- . It provided a safe , secure feeling and she loved being in this lounger . It was wonderful for me because I could get little things done while she was awake or asleep in the lounger.I wish it had a replacement cover and that it did n't have so many `` Do Not Use '' things in the directions . Overall , it is a great item that I am so happy with !
 I registered for this item as one of those `` I would n't buy it but it 's a nice thing to have '' . I did receive it and am so glad I did . My son loves this !! He gets so comfy and warm and will sleep for hours in this boppy lounger . I would defninitely recommend this and would buy more if I needed them !
 My son does n't like to sit still much , but he will lay here when he does . The only problem is that my three year old and my cat like it too .
 Same old story
 My baby loves it . by the way it is bigger than it looks on picture . I was afraid that it would be too small for my 12lb baby but it fits her perfect .
 We love this pillow . My daugter is 2 months old and she naps on it . It fits inside her pack and play and she lays on it for a nice long nap . It keeps her from rolling over . It also fits on the couch in between me and my husband so we can enjoy together .
 This is perfect for a newborn.Pros
 I 'm a nanny and the family I work for had a baby 4 months ago . This boppy is one of the only places -LRB- besides his swing -RRB- where he will sleep . It is amazing ! I love being able to take it from room to room , and he loves watching everything . I love it so much that I buy it for all my friends who are having babies !
 I am so glad I bought this product . My baby has slept in this for a few months now . I know the pillow says not to let babies sleep in it , but I am always nearby checking on her anyway . I had to sleep in my recliner sofa after having her and she slept right next to me while I recovered from a c-section . This product made my life much easier with an infant .
 When I registered for this , it was on a whim , thinking it looked soft , and that I might find a use for it . It is our MOST used item for our new son . If you need to put your baby down for a second , this is PERFECT . Great for putting baby in when you need your hands for a second . Folding laundry , put baby in this while you sit on the bed and you stay close and baby is supported . Put it outside the shower and put baby in it , works wonders . Tiny baby wo n't roll out of this , but obviously it wo n't be as useful once baby can roll around but I am sure he 'll like it for a comfy place to sit when he 's a bit older . Either way , I 'm buying this for all our friends having babies , you 'll find PLENTY of times when this is super handy . Once caveat , I wish it had a slipcover because its not machine washable and that would be helpful .
 At first I thought I was being a tad frivolous by registering for this , but I 'm so glad I did ! We have hard wood floors . We use this on top of our daughters play mat so that she can lie on something padded while she bats at the hanging toys on her gym . She loves lying in it and looking around the room , and it slightly elevates her head so she 's not flat on her back . Not a must-have , but it 's certainly a nice to have !
 We registered for this on our baby registry . And then , when we received it , I was n't sure we would ever use it and almost returned it . I am so glad I did n't . We used this every day for much of the day when our little boy was a newborn - for the first three months of his life . It was the only way to set him down in the living room with us in a way where he could look around , sleep , etc. as he was too little for a bouncy seat and even the infant seat was awkward for his little head . We used it until he was just too big to fit on it anymore ! I would highly recommend this product to any new mom .
 I purchased this item 4 weeks ago for by newborn , and it is fabulous ! He loves it and sleeps soundly in it for his naps ... while I am doing laundry or whatever ... I know he is safe and comfortable and I can keep an eye on him while he is napping vs. the traditional crib or pack-n-play . I have not ever let him sleep in it over night and I do not suggest that you should but for a couple hrs of quality sleep this works great . My son has reflux and this pillow elevates him just enough that he does n't cry . It 's my favorite purchase so far . He was 9.9 lbs at birth and I agree that the pillow is bigger than it looks and it is worth every penny .
 I have 2 week old twin boys ... and all I have to say is I wish I had two of these ... they love this thing ... their so comfy ... I only let them nap on it ... never overnight ... and always within sight and on their backs ... I dont have room for two ... but I have put them both on at the same time ... their 6lbs and 5lbs ... so they are close but they fit ... get this product ... u wont regret it !!
 I got the boppy lounger for a shower gift and wasnt ' sure I would keep it . I found out that I use it everyday . My daughter is 3 months old and I still use it , it 's very portable and since newborns ca n't sit up you always have to have some place to sit them . The only thing I do n't like it that it does n't have a cover you can take off and wash but other than that I love it . My daughter was n't all that excited about the bouncy seat but she really gets comfy in the lounger !!!
 This item is a Godsend and one of the most useful things I received ! I can not imagine my day without it ... my daughter loves it !
 The Boppy Newborn Lounger is a must have for newborns . They do n't fit into many things and I did n't want to spoil my baby by carrying him around all the time . This was the perfect solution and my newborn fit in it perfectly . It was given to me as a gift and I have thanked the giver many times ! What a great gift !
 I ordered this on amazon before my baby was even born . Once it arrived I started to wonder why I ordered it and what on earth I 'd do with it . It has turned out to be an absolute lifesaver . She LOVES this thing , my husband and I could not do without it . She fits in it perfectly and has since she was born . She is now 9 weeks old and still using it day in and day out . I 'm very safety conscious but I let her sleep in it -LRB- for naps only -RRB- because I can not for the life of me figure out why not . I agree with a previous reviewer that they are just putting warnings on it for liability sake . It is also PERFECT for taking to other people 's houses and letting her lay on it while we are there , because it is so portable . The only thing I wish I had known was that they make a cover for it because you can not put the lounger in the washing machine . I highly recommend the cover for it because if your baby blows out diaper you 've got a real mess on your hands . Trust me . LOL
 We keep this in the living room and it 's a great alternative to putting the baby on the floor or couch . My son does nap in it , although it says not to , but only when we are in the room with him . We had the original Boppy for our oldest son , but did n't really use it too much . I 'm glad I bought this .
 My daughter was small , but full term and very alert . She did n't like being in anything confining
 I have to admit
 This item has been a big help . Sometimes , my newborn does n't want to be in her crib but I can not always hold her so I put her next to me on the lounger . It also is a great place to put her down when I need to do something in the same room . On another note , my dog thinks it is his new bed ... so I would also recommend this as a dog bed for dogs under 10 pounds . They fit perfectly in the middle of it .
 Bought this for my new grandson ... best purchase ever . It 's very comfortable and the angle of recline works beautifully for a newborn . And the cat has dibs on it when the boy outgrows this .
 I love this product and honestly could n't live without it . It fit my newborn son perfectly and we still use it for a pre-nursing seat now and my son is a big 5 month old ! I would recommend either purchasing a cover for it - I did n't know they had covers until about a week ago - or covering it with a blanket as the lounger is `` spot wash only . ''
 I have five children and have tried just about every bouncy seat , johnny jump-up , baby papasan , and swing . I did n't find the bobby lounger until baby number five . It is my favorite place to set baby . I know , you think , is a pillow safe for baby ? It really is . Baby fits perfectly nuzzled , but no chance of the pillow covering the baby 's face until the baby is old enough to roll over , when unfortunatly you have to retire the lounger . I give this present to everyone I know having a baby . I have given this seat out six times and everyone says the same thing ... it 's their new favorite item to give at baby showers . I know it 's silly to get this excited over a baby item , but with five kids , every extra minute counts and this lounger bought me hundreds .
 This is a wonderful product . However , I did not realize it would be for small babies . Unfortunaley , I had to return it because my grandson was almost too big for it . It is an item for a newborn .
 This Boppy Lounger is a MUST HAVE for all newborns . We were putting our newborn in the regular Boppy at first-then I heard about this one . O-My-Goodness . Our baby LOVES this thing .
 Since we chose not to find out the sex of our unborn child , the Snug as a Bug nursery decor was ideal for a neutral nursery setting . The Snug as a Bug drawer knobs are the cuttiest knobs and complemented our wood changing table & armoir very well . Love them !
 I started out wanting a jogger because I do alot of walking but was afraid to get a stroller with the inflatable tires so I ordered this one . I loved it but unfortunately after a month of use the back rear wheel kept coming off after my walks . I hated that I had to return it because it 's such a nice overall stroller . However I did n't want this to happen again so I had to part with it . I ended up getting the Baby Jogger city series and I am very happy with it . The only thing is it did n't come with all the accessories . Oh well at least we do n't have any wheels coming off mid-walk . So beware this could happen to you if you order it but it may have just been a defective stroller , Who knows ? So I 'll still give it 3 stars because of that and the fact that I loved everything else about it and that may have been just a fluke .
 Just got this to replace a maclaren vogue I have had for past 3 years . I wanted a more versatile stroller as I walk a lot , but did not want a jogger ... this stroller is great value for the money comes with everything , easy to push , not too bulky , my one year old loves it he likes holding onto the bar and the seat is really comfy ... I have been to the mall the park and around the town in and out of the stores all with no problem ... its a great looking stroller very well made and again value for the money .
 I had a PPB bag with my first child , and gave it up after almost 3 years of use . Replaced with a Skip Hop Dash , and then a Lexie Barnes Darling . Every time I left the house with another bag , I found myself wishing I 'd purchased another PPB instead . I missed the ultra-convenient built-in changing station , the super large fuss-free interior , the 2 interior bottle pockets , and the nice high side bottle pockets . And the key chain leash , and the detachable pouch . Most of all I missed the backpack option , which is great if you walk a lot or carry your child in a front carrier . I am so glad I went back , I love this bag . It is lightweight , beautiful , elegant , and perfectly suited for a mom with 2 kids . The only downside is I think PPB bags have gone down in quality just a little since they started producing in China - but not enough to make a significant difference !
 Just the thing for our twins to sleep in . Blankets fall off , and other legless-type pajamas were too small and restrictive These sacks are big enough so that they 're not too confined , and can still kick and flail to their content .
 I loved this swing . The only thing that I could say bothered me was storing it . It was pretty bulky but the swing was comfortable for my baby and put her to sleep with the soothing music . It looks nice with my furniture and served its purpose . Would buy again for another baby .
 I picked up this soap because my toddler was having trouble with dry skin during the winter . After only a few days , the dry skin was gone and the red bumps cleared up . I also gave it to my husband who suffers from Eczema . It worked to relieve his symptoms as well . It also has that great baby lotion smell !
 My only complaint about this product is that it is difficult to find anywhere else . I am glad I discovered it through Amazon and really hope they continue carrying it ! I agree totally with the other positive reviews.A little bit of the soap goes a long way in washing both hair and body . It lathers great and my daughters hair smells so clean and fresh until her next bath . Since birth my 21/2 year old has had some rough and slightly bumpy skin on her upper arms . Since using this product , that problem has gone away and her skin is never dry . I also think three -LRB- good size -RRB- bottles for $ 15 is a great value , especially since the soap does last longer than other bath washes we have tried .
 Smells great . Does n't hurt precious little eyes . All their line is absolutely terrific . I made the mistake of purchasing another brand and will never do that again . My husband loves this stuff so much , he takes baths with it ! : -RRB-
 I bought this product to use with my toddler . Most other products cause her to develop a rash and she needed some help with her oily scalp . This product has solved both problems ! It is gentle enough for me to put in her bath for bubbles and I can wash her hair and it does n't sting her eyes ! It smells funky coming out of the bottle , but mixes with water to make a very nice scent . It leaves her hair silky and clean and her scalp has cleared up also . My tweenager also uses this and we have seen a decrease in the pre-pimples on her face
 I ca n't say enough good things about the Lil Goat products . We use the body wash/shampoo , the lotion and the diaper cream . My baby 's skin feels like velvet ! She smells so good and the diaper cream is the highest total % of zinc oxide I have found , plus it smells good which important when you are using diaper cream ;-RRB- Not to mention the multiple packs are such a good deal . I am ordering the diaper wipes today and I hope I love them as much as the body products.I used to use Mustela and liked it , but I LOVE LIL GOAT !
 THIS BODY WASH IS GREAT FOR KIDS WHO HAVE ALERGYS , MY GRANDDAUGHTER HAS BEEN USEING IT SINCE SHE WAS BORN . AND IT WORKS GREAT !!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 Ive been using this on my 18 month daughter for a while now ... its been very pleasant smelling on her and the texture is so soft ... I love bathing my little one now :-RRB- IT seems to make her dry skin smooth . . though she still needs a good moisturiser after the bath . Got to try their moisturiser too ... three cheers for li'l goat baby wash !!
 I highly recommend this product . It leaves my baby smelling wonderful and his skin is not as dry as it was before using this product .
 We love this shampoo ! It doesnt smell that great in the bottle but after your childs hair is dry their hair smells wonderful and clean all day !!!
 I am a mother of twins who have sensitive skin . My cousin gave us a bottle of this last year and we absolutely love it . It is great for their sensitive skin and it smells soooo good ! I really like it much better than Aveno 's baby wash ! This soap lathers up so much better than Aveno but also dissipates in the tub water so it does n't get too sudsy . A little goes a long way . I even have all my girlfriends with twins hooked on it now too ! We all love it and am really glad that Amazon carries it ! Try it , you wo n't be disappointed!Mamma to Kaia and Kolby , 10 months
 This is a lovely product , excellent for small babies , young children , and even adults . The soap is very mild but still produces a thick lather , which can double as a bubble bath for toddlers . It also has a mild scent . Most importantly , it is not drying to delicate skin .
 Canus Li'l Goat 's Milk Tearless Shampoo/Body Wash is a great product for sensitive skin . It 's gentle enough for everyday use on skin and hair . The creamy lather cleans my skin without drying . My babies are now adults but I use this product everyday to baby myself .
 I love the smell and it seems to be very gentle on my baby 's skin .
 good size bottle but leaks during shipment or if stored upside down . nice wash a little too perfumey though .
 We 've been using this product for about a month now , and are happy with the way it 's making our son 's skin feel . It lathers nicely , and his skin is so soft after a bath . And , when he wakes up he smells so fresh and clean ! He has sensitive skin , and so far he has no dry patches with this new soap .
 I came across this product in a specialty boutique 18 months ago and thought I would try it for my daughter . I wo n't use anything else now . The smell of many baby bath products do n't appeal to me and/or do n't mosturize that well . This product succeeds in both categories . It smells great and mosturizes well .
 I absolutely love this sleepsack ! I wanted a thicker , warmer material for our cold New England nights and this is soft , cuddly , and warm . It unzips from the top or bottom -LRB- not sure why one reviewer did n't realize it unzipped from the bottom -RRB- so it makes for easy diaper changes at night . Love , love , love this and definitely recommend it !
 We live in MN , and it is very cold here in the winter . I dress my baby in a long sleeved onsie , fleece Pj 's and then put her in the fleece lullabag and she stays warm all night . I have never worried about the lullabag covering her face like I would with a blanket . It is important to remember to purchase the fleece lullabag for cool/cold climates and the cotton lullabag for warmer climates . Night time Diaper changes are super easy as there is zipper access at the bottom of the bag . This product also helped with bedtime routine as just the feel/smell of it helped her to know it is bed time . I HIGHLY recommend this product .
 I love this sleep sack as it has two zippers . On warmer days , I open up the foot side so that my baby 's feet can stick out for some breathing room . On cold nights , I zipped it all the way up .
 I purchased this car seat for my older son , who had been in an Evenflo Triumph . While the Evenflo is great , it has a high profile , so as my son got bigger , I started banging his head on the door frame as I put him in the car . The Eddie Bauer completely alleviates that problem and , actually , has made it so that my larger-than-average two-year-old son can get himself in and out of the car by himself . He fell in love with this seat immediately!While this seat is supposed to accommodate a smaller infant , I did put my infant son in the seat once -LRB- he outgrew his carry car seat by 3.5 months -RRB- and he hated it . This seat really is best as a secondary seat for toddlers and then as a booster for older kids . Go with the Evenflo Triumph if you have smaller kids because it 's easier to operate and wash .
 Not a bad purchase although it arrived in a throughly crushed shipping box from BabyAge . A company that never returned my inquiry re
 I love this type of item to take with you whenever travelling instead of the bottle of baby shampoo and the bottle of baby bath wash . The cloths do not spill and smell great too.My daughter loves using the cloth and washing her own belly and arms `` by self '' !!
 The product is great . It makes it so much easier to wash the baby . It soaps up nicely and stays soapy for the whole wash , then it rinses clean so you can use it to rinse the baby was well . It is very soft also , not at all scratchey.My problem was actually recieving it from Amazon . I ordered it on July 8th and it FINALLY shipped yesterday , August 10th !! I have not recieved it yet , but I expect to in the next couple of days . I was very dissatisfied with Amazon 's shipping speed . At the time I ordered it I was NOT told it was back-ordered or that shipping would be delayed . You would do better to buy it from a regualr store like Walmart .
 Our whole house has dark wood , so I was excited to find a bassinet that would fit in with our house . . We ordered it to be used downstairs -LRB- we have a co-sleeper in our bedroom , and a crib in her room -RRB- . It surpassed my expectations - absolutely gorgeous , love it , love it . It has wheels and is easily manueverable around the house . It has an area below that I bought 2 baskets for to keep diapers , wipes , change of clothes , etc. . I love how it blends in with our house and is so functional . The only thing I am not crazy about is the music is very cheesy , but definitely not a big deal . We also have the matching high chair which I love as well ! My 31/2 year old still fits into it and loves it . If you like baby products that do n't make your house look like it was taken over by bright colors and gadgets , then this is the line for you . I could n't be more pleased .
 The `` Eddie Bauer Musical Rocking Bassinet Cherry '' is a well designed product that my new grandson is enjoying . This furniture is very beautiful and functional . It easily rolls to different rooms to give options where the baby will sleep . It did , however , take some skill in assemblying this furniture . I hightly recommend it .
 The bassinet is well made and sturdy . I was very happy with the quality .
 Came well packaged , beautiful , easy to put together , and sturdy . You do n't need the bottom fabric , it has cherry rails that are nice . We might just use baskets . Just a note -- it is not off-white iolet , but a green print . If you realize that you can tell , but I did n't . Still beautiful . Of course I got it for an amazing price . You do n't want to know . So I may be biased . But I am so delighted ; it was exactly what I wanted ! It looks great in the house and rolls well . My daughter loves to peek in her brother 's bed . We will let her use it for her dolls when he is done with it . It will be beautiful in any room and will last the years . :-RRB- -LRB- P.S. . The music is kind of annoying , but I did n't buy it for that -RRB-
 I was expecting the quality to be a bit better -LRB- i.e. wood finish and metal framework -RRB- , but it is still far more attractive than other portable bassinets available in this price range -LRB- the fabric work is flawless -RRB- . It is sturdy and easy to assemble .
 We bought this stroller for our 31/2 year old son for Christmas . It 's a nice doll stroller and he loves it ! One tip . If you do n't want the bassinet part collasping every 2 seconds hot glue the metal supports to it in place under the pad !
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and can not wait for her to enjoy it ! It is exactly what I was looking for . It is well made and her large dolls fit perfect as well as the smaller dolls .
 We bought this pram for my daughter on her second Christmas . That was two years ago . She plays with it almost everyday , and it has held up extremely well . It goes everywhere with us inside and outdoors . I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great value .
 The first one we bought came in a box that said , `` Target Returns '' on the outside . Should have been a sign that it was n't going to be functional . Target was trying to push their damaged goods on us , I guess . The stroller had a piece of metal in the lower frame that was too long and would n't let the stroller sit straight . -LRB- the stroller has shocks - pretty cool - but that was the part that was built wrong -RRB- . So , Amazon was very easy to return it - and we ordered another one.This second one works great . I can see the concerns of the other reviewers that the top part falls off . Has n't been an issue yet , but might become one . The front wheels do n't twist , but our daughter -LRB- 20 months -RRB- has learned to tilt it back to achieve tight turns - so I guess it is a learning toy - as well as what to do when one wheel hits a wall . It 's very light weight and folds up nicely . Has the shocks , like I mentioned earlier . All the other doll strollers I saw have hard plastic wheels - this one has rubbery-ish wheels.It 's the only doll stroller I could find like it . My wife had bought a different doll stroller way back - but when I did n't like it , she returned it and challenged me to find a better one . I think I won her over -LRB- even though this one is 3 times more expensive - and then there was the shipping -RRB- . Our daughter 's dolls will be the envy of all the other dolls around . ----- Okay , we 've had it for awhile now - and I do n't know what the complaint is about it coming off the base . It works absolutely fine - and never even close to a problem . I wonder if the other reviewers are using the appropriate part of the clip to SNAP it in . It 's a firm connection . I can see how maybe one could think the handle of the Clip was the actual latch - but the latch is actually lower toward the frame - and it locks securely . So , no issues with this stroller . She still loves it . ----- Daughter is 4 years old now - still loves it - still as good as new - I 'm going to buy another one for my brother 's daughter for Christmas . Hope his 1.5 year old does n't read this and spoil her Christmas !
 Impressed with the doll pram . My 4 yr old granddaughter loves it . It is sturdier than most on the market and looks just like the picture given for the product . Easy to assemble and stylish looking ... not pink , in other words .
 This 3-in-1 buggy , carrier , stroller set is so real looking that the grand daughters thought it was for them to get into . I am thrilled at how well built they are . They are not made cheap , which is a good thing , especially when little girls try to get in the buggy . Wonderful product and I would recomment that all little girls have one . I would also recomment that you buy a new little doll to go with the 3-in-1 buggy .
 My daughters LOVE this stroller . We love that it comes apart so easily so that they can carry around the doll carrier . We 've had no problems with this product at all ... only problem is with who gets to play with it first . : -RRB-
 This pram 3-in-one stroller set is perfect for 3-year old Kaitlyn , who 's tall for her age . She plays with it every day , indoors and outdoors . It 's large enough for more than one baby doll , and is well made and very attractive .
 We bought this stroller for Christmas for our two year old . It was easy to put together . It looks really nice too considering the price is very reasonable . I looked @ several toy stores & boutiques . I did n't find one that looked as classy without paying a high price . Our daughter loves it ! A great gift for any little mommy .
 `` Santa '' gave this to my daughter when she was 20 months old , along with other doll furniture from Badger Basket . I was very impressed by the overall durability of the wood and size of the Badger Basket products . They were much bigger than I had anticipated , but in a good way and they were also easy to assemble . I chose to get the 3-in-1 in navy instead of the pink , and I 'm so glad I did since the rest of the furniture provided pink gingham overload . My one -LRB- teeny -RRB- complaint is that the picture on HERE is accurate but I bought it directly from the Target site , and the picture on there showed stripes on the white parts , which made for a little more visual interest . It is all white , though . We have had no trouble with the structure and durability of this product , as per others ' complaints on here ; perhaps BB has improved the quality . My daughter 's cousins -- boys and girls , ranging in age up to 7 or 8 -- were all fighting over this at Christmas . It is just super cute and has a very classic shape . I would highly recommend , esp if you can get it directly from Target with free shipping .
 My daughter LOVES this pram ! She has been playing with it daily . I would recommend buying this for anyone who wants a `` classic '' looking pram .
 My granddaughter loved it ! Good quality ! I would reccomend this to another parent for their child or granddaughter . Nice color besides the standard pink .
 this just brought back so many memories of the carriage i had as a child . and when my daughter was born in 1985 , i used a carriage much like this for her to sleep in as a child . everyone else had the latest strollers , etc. , and i just loved this thing .
 This was exactly what my granddaughter asked for . Not just any stroller . . one like this . I am very pleased and she will be excited .
 Ordered for my dd last christmas . Still in excellent shape . Would have given 5 stars but one of the straps on the removable top is wrapped around the bar and can not be held properly .
 as a pretend billonare my baby doll -LSB- son -RSB- bruce loves it becausehe can see who is pushing the carrige like if harley quinn waspushing it or the joker i love it
 as a pretend news reporter i push my baby doll clark kent inthis wonderfull baby carrige while i do my interviews likewith lex luther and all those other guys plus clark can liedown in it so while i do my interviews clark can take a nap
 If your looking for a no frills chair this is the one . I did n't find it terribly difficult to put together but was suprised at how well made the tray and seating area is . I did n't want to spend a whole lot of money on a highchair being the fact that my older kids when they were big enough they would rather sit on a booster seat . It does recline but I keep the seat in the upright for my 6 month old . She seems to like it better that way.The only thing I would complain about is I do n't care for the way the belt is . I may be using it incorrectly -LRB- at least it seems like that -RRB- but it holds the baby -LRB- and that 's what it 's meant for -RRB- .
 Once assembled , this high chair is functional . Assembling it was rather difficult but overall , this high chair serves the purpose .
 High chair is reasonablly priced and my grandson loves it . Went together easily.Tray is big enough to have his food on it and yet he can not yet reach it . Better yet , when he is not eating , it also holds several of his toys . We like the way the big tray comes off to put him in the chair.Like others said , wish it had wheels and was not so bulky taking up some much space.Overall we are all happy with the chair .
 It is wonderful deal for the price . I especially like the safety feature t-bar that holds the child in without the tray !
 I have n't had a baby since my daughter was small and she is now 8-yrs-old . I bought her highchair for $ 30 back in 1999 and was hoping that similar deals still existed for my newest addition . I searched amazon and Babies ` R'Us and found nothing . Finally checked out WalMart 's site and found this chair for $ 29.87 . Though I would let everybody else know !
 This is an excellent chair especially for the price paid . Easy to put together & works well . Easy to clean .
 We love this high chair . We were not expecting great results do the price but it works incredibly well and our baby is secure .
 This bouncer is just what I was looking for . I wanted a bouncer that I could easily carry from one room to the other , which is possible thanks to convenient handles , it is very confortable , the back seat and the foot rest are reclining . On top of that the material used is very perspirant , the baby is nerver wet despite hot weather . Very easy to clean , the seat unscracth and goes into the washing machine . It is also a very light item.The only negative thing I would mention is the system that allows you to recline the seat , it seems to me a bit fragile , but up to now I have n't had any issues with it anayway.Very good product .
 I purchased an older version of this bedrail for my now 5 year old son . After about a year , one of the mesh sides was splitting at the seam . I e-mailed customer service concerning the warranty and they answered within 24 hours stating that a replacement was already in the mail . After about two years , one of the plastic pieces that connect the two sides broke . Wanting to use this product again with my youngest , I again e-mailed customer service and they answered within 24 hours stating that a replacement was in the mail . I expected a replacement piece but instead was shipped an entire brand new rail just like I purchased . You ca n't beat their customer service . If you have a complaint with one of their products , I would strongly advise you to contact customer service because you wo n't find better customer service anywhere else .
 Bought this for my 2 year old . Full size bed and it covers most of it and is high enough . Easy to use and price is good compared to others . Huge plus is its a double side .
 I like the fact that it is double sided and that the two rails connect under the mattress . However , I think it could be improved in the area of putting the sides down . It is just a little inconvenient . You have to be able to pull up the `` dowles '' at the same time , one on each side .
 This product was really easy to put together and fits the full size bed we put it on very well . There is no room for our childs head to get stuck anywhere . We are very satisfied with the product .
 The bedrail was so perfect . I feel secure leaving my daughter sleeping in her own bed . This is a great product !
 no assembly , easy to use , safe and sturdy . spend the extra few dollars and get this one . double sided is important even if the bed is against the wall . if your child moves around a lot they will bump into the wall .
 I bought these rails after my then-7 month old daughter rolled off the bed one night . My husband and I discussed it , and decided we were not ready to give up co-sleeping , so I bought these rails.They shipped to us very quickly , and were easy to install . I find them to be very easy to adjust the height , and to swing up/down as needed . My husband can swing his side up one-handed in his sleep . : -RRB- One thing I was n't happy about , the box they came in was pretty much mutilated . It was ripped open in several places , and taped back up with the post office tape . Not sure if it was the manufacturer shipping a damaged box , or if the post office was careless , but it did n't affect anything - the rails were in good condition .
 We purchased this double sided rail when we moved our son from his crib to a twin bed . He is an active sleeper and climber , and the thing has not budged ... and it is still looking brand new . I like the double sided aspect , because if we only had it on the open side , he could fall between the wall and bed - not good . This way , he stays safe and sound , as it creates a mini cozy wall.It is a pain to strip sheets and make the bed with the rail so tight on the edges , but I 've figured out my method and it works.The only thing I do n't like is the color ! I wish it came in a neutral khaki or white - not just royal blue/white combo .
 This product works wonderful . Keeps kids very safely in bed . I recommend this to anyone with little kids .
 This product truly rocks and has seen better days from my 4 yr old , 1 year old and their friends . I used it to fence off my entire kitchen . It refuses to break apart ! Installation is kinda technical but good things dont come easyWell worth the money !
 Works great keeping my 13 month old contained . We have a big play room and after 15 minutes after installing He does n't even mess with it any more . Other reviewers complained of children figuring out the gate latch . I ca n't see a child under 2.5 doing it . The hinges could be made of a stronger material than plastic , but I have n't had a problem in it 's first 3 months .
 After much desperation , and many many destroyed items on my desk , I searched for a gate that would span my rather large office area . My dogs kept getting on my desk and stealing and destroying everything in sight . We bought this fence for the width . It is easy to size to whatever room size you need . It does n't really have to be attached to a wall . It is the perfect dog barrier . The only thing I have negative to say is that it is sometimes difficult to lock the fence in place but after you get the hang of it , it works fine.If you are looking for this as a pet barrier , it is great . Keep in mind I have a 50 pound Australian Cattle Dog and a 75 pound Samoyed . They have never tipped the fence over and respect the boundaries of the fence.Definitely would buy again !
 We 've been looking for a gate like this , and were happy to find one at this price . Unfortunately , it shipped in the retail carton , so the box was badly damaged and some of the parts that connect to the wall were broken . -LRB- We 're still waiting for them -RRB- . I installed it as best I could until we get new parts , and found the expansion locks were very difficult to use . Also , the gate takes some jiggling to get it to close properly.For the size and price , though , its a winner .
 I read a bunch of the 1 star reviews and I just do n't understand their problems . I have had this gate for 2 years and have next to zero complaints . My one wish would be that the plastic parts were metal instead , but that is a minor complaint . I have not had a problem with my kids pushing through the velcro and they know not to hang on it , so that problem is a discipline problem , not the gate design . And why would an adult climb over it ?? The locking mechanisim is such that kids do n't have the coordination to work it . If you climb over it , you are an accident waiting to happen . And to top off my good experience , the gate section recently broke -LRB- the plastic part -RRB- . I called the manufacture -LRB- Summer -RRB- and they are sending me a new gate section . No questions asked , only what part was broken . It did n't matter that it was probably my dog jumping over it that broke it . I 'm not even paying shipping . I would definately buy this gate again . The only reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the plastic , but the customer service more than makes up for it.Update ... Summer sent me a whole new gate !!!
 With each section of the gate system able to expand and contract to fit the space available , this playpen gate system is great.I bought two of them so that I could connect them together to create the playpen . If you have an open wall , one is plenty big enough to create a nice size play area.The unit is pretty easy to set up . The only part I had a hard time with was when I wanted to disconnect the lower hinge ... it 's just real tight . I found that using a pair of needle-nose pliers made the task of disconnecting a section MUCH easier.My wife did n't understand how the system locks at the hinges so she snapped one of the pieces that forms the hinge . It shows a weakness at the place where the hinge goes into the socket that holds it in place . Of course there is a lot of leverage there , so it would be very hard to design one that would n't snap.I had lost one piece of a hinge , contacted the company Summer , and they sent me the replacement part . I was very impressed with their willingness to help me out . Then when my wife broke a piece of a hinge they sent me another replacement part . I have n't had to pay for either of the pieces . They are very customer focused!Overall , the quality if the gate is great . I do n't have any issues with it . My biggest pet peeve about it is that it cost so much , but that is life ... if you want something that custom fits , is a little nicer , or has extra features , then you have to pay more .
 We purchased this gate to block our 14-month boy 's access to the TV and other electronics on the TV stand . Before we received the gate , we had to constantly drag him away from the area , since he was so interested in pushing the different buttons or sneaking behind the TV where all the cords are . Now we have this gate , with both side mounted on the wall , and our son ca n't touch anything within the gate . When we watch TV at night , we detach one side of the gate and move the whole gate to the other side , and then put it back to place when we are done . It might sound like a hassle , but we definitely think it 's worth the effort . It was more annoying to keep dragging him away from the electronics during the day , worrying that the TV might fall down on him or that he would get hurt with the cords . We are very happy with the purchase , and the gate definitely serves its purpose .
 I actually got two of the gates from craigslist for $ 40 !!! I know , it was a great find ! Anyway , I love this gate , I have a opening in my living room that is about 6 ft. all I needed was one panel and the door . I have a one year old little girl , and she has no clue how to get through this gate ! I really like the mesh rather than bars because our other gate in our hallway has bars and she grabs a hold of those things and shakes them like crazy . This one she just squishes her face into . My only complaint is the locking mechanism on the swinging door . It 's not that easy to push back a piece and lift up the door its self and move it in either direction . Make any sense ? I do happen to like the fact that it opens both ways , my other one does not . I have n't had any problems with the velcro like some have , and I hope to not run into that problem either . Lastly , I dont know if this gate is really worth the $ 100 , but if you got that kind of money to spend then all I can tell you is , go for it !
 The quality of this gate is certainly there . The gate itself is made of heavy guage metal and the fabric is durable and attractive . The closure on the gate works nicely , too . The only improvement I 'd suggest , and you can make it yourself , is that you need to drill holes into your posts or walls , and , in addition to having to deal with those later on , if you do n't know what you 're doing , the gate can pull out of a wall . What we ended up doing is taking out the pivots at the end -LRB- They snap out when you press a spring-loaded button -RRB- , and wrapping straps around the rails with long lengths of velcro at the top and bottom . It makes a very strong and secure joint , and there will be no repairs to do later on .
 This gate is great because you can choose to use both attachments or just one depending on how wide the space is you need it for . WE only use one attachment . You can also adjust it to fit perfectly in your doorway opening . IT is so easy to assemble , and unlike every other gate I 've seen its very appealing . The door swings in both directions , and a child will not be able to figure out how to open and close it until much older . I highly recommend this gate ! DEfniately worth the money ! I read in other reviews that the fabric bunches up it you dont make it wide enough . this just isnt the case .
 First of all , I wanted to clear up the velcro complaints , as it was the only thing holding me back from buying this . They do not ship it with velcro anymore ! It comes sewn together , so no issues there.Overall it 's a great product . It 's not as cheap feeling as the wooden ones , and it 's HUGE . We had a space just barely too big for the typical ones you find . It fit nicely in our 70 inch space . I like that it feels more like a pack and play than a prison . Our son can see all thats going on , and plays on it too , and it does n't seem to show any strain.The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the sliding it does . My son was just jerking it back and forth , and it was making an annoying screech . Also , it seemed like it would break ! My solution was just drill two holes in the floor stand , and run the two extra screws right into the floor . Now , it 's perfect . Does n't move . Looks great . And mounting it to the floor helped the gate work smoother.Highly recommended !
 Perfect gate for a wide opening . Mounts quickly on wall with included pieces and adjusts in seconds . The gate is solid and stable and it opens easily . It is also safe - it does not seem likely that my toddlers will figure out a way to catch their fingers in the gate mechanism .
 After reading the review by Mrs Egers about the velcro door , I immediately had to look at our gate that we bought to see if it did , in fact , have a velcroed door . It does.However , our gate has a couple small stitches , like french knots over the velcro in the corners to keep it from just peeling off as described . Until I got down on my knees to look , I could n't tell that it was velcroed on . Even with all the daily use , it was firmly in place . I tried peeling it off , as described , and could only get a small section apart - and it was n't easy . I think if you had a very resourceful and dexterous toddler , they could get it apart with some persistance and unsupervised time if they were shown how to . I think most kids would not even notice it . It looks like it was just sewn together . I do n't plan to bring this little design flaw to the attention of any of my kids ! And , fortunately , we are blocking a hallway , not a stairway.The main reason I chose this gate was for the support in the center , on either side of the door , keeping it from tipping . It spans a 90-inch hallway in our home . Many of the other gates I reviewed had the problem of falling over in the middle when spanning only about 70 inches , because of inadequate floor support in the center . A favorite toddler pasttime is shaking the gate that is holding them in - I did n't want something that was going to just collapse . Ours came with screws for mounting right into a stud or a wooden post , as well plastic anchors for mounting into sheetrock . I was lucky enough to be able to mount it into wood on both sides . If you ca n't mount into a stud beam , I recommend using toggle bolts instead of the little plastic thingies.Again , so far , so good . It has managed to bungle the 1-yr old and the cats , but not the 4-yr old , 7-yr old or 9-yr old -LRB- nor the adults ! -RRB- .
 So ... yes this gate is a $ 100 , but it is great . We needed two as we have two wide openings that needed attention . What worked out great is that the pieces of the gates can be `` shared . '' What I mean here is that we have 4 solid panels + 1 door in one spot and 1 solid panel and 1 door in another spot . Worked out great . The fabric is no longer attached by velcro . The gate is sturdy and has a open/close mechanism that is easy to navigate , but the baby ca n't even see it unless standing .
 I ordered two of these gates to block off spaces that are about nine feet long and these do the trick ! These gates allow me to stop my baby from going up a staircase , down a staircase or out a door using all three panels which expand up to twelve feet . If you do n't need all that length you can detach a panel or use it in a v-shape to angle it while using all three panels.I found it so easy to install just using two brackets on each wall . The screws and anchors provided were all I needed to install into drywall . Plus they give you a template to make it even easier to line up the screws.The gate swings open in either direction and is easy to open for an adult but I do n't think my baby will figure it out for years to come . I am so happy that I invested in this gate rather than buying multiple gates to block all the stairs .
 I really like this gate , it is perfect for the size room that I have and it is a neutral color ...
 I am a mom of three small children under five , and I babysit two toddlers during the week . We have a large opening between our kitchen and dining area , so I needed a wide baby gate to keep the kids out of the kitchen . We love this gate ! It looks nice and is very functional . Within two days operation of the built-in gate became second nature to us and the lock over the handle is nice to keep the older kids out -LRB- as they have figured out how to open it otherwise -RRB- . If you will be anchoring the gate to drywall I 'd suggest heading to the hardware store to get some decent drywall anchors - the ones it came with are very flimsy . But it 's a small price to pay for a very nice and functional extra wide gate . Definitely one of the best `` baby gear '' purchases I 've made !
 Good product for the price . Was flexible to fit a large opening between two rooms , and pretty easy to install . Would recommend .
 I baught this gate to seperate between my living room and kitchen . Now that we moved , I use it to block off my propane insert fireplace . I love how it can be customized and how durable it has been ! Buy this gate is you want to have one that will last .
 This is a good baby gate . We purchased it for the large opening between our living room and kitchen to keep our 25lb 8-month old crawling baby out . It is anchored into the trim -LRB- not drywall -RRB- and it is very secure . He is able to pull up on it , tries to bulldoze it , and pushes on the mesh and still no problems . It takes a little while to get the technique down for opening and closing the door , but its great not to have to climb over it -LRB- although you can if your hands are full -RRB- . We also had to get used to steping over the bar at the bottom , but now we are used to it and dont really have a problem . Overall its a good gate .
 We tried a bunch of baby gates , and this one was the best for our odd shaped stair well .
 I love this gate ! I have three like stated above ! One to block off a pellet / wood stove . And the other two for when or whatever I need . They can block off the kitchen or be used together and have a huge play yard for horse shows or family visits . Its great ! Very easy to install took me less than 30 mins right out of the box . My son and 4 dogs all over a hundred lbs have been quite hard on it and its held up amazing !
 Love the flexibility for a difficult space - we have it at an odd angle and it works well . Ca n't attach to a stairwell though but we tied the end bar to the bannister with some strong plastic zip ties and it 's very sturdy . Would recommend this gate - love the door feature as well - easy to use with one hand .
 I bought this gate because it is the ONLY gate I could find to fit our very large opening since we have an open floor plan in our ranch house . It 's great ! The only complaint is that if you do n't screw into a stud , you will DEFINITELY need to get your own drywall screws and -LRB- sorry I 'm not sure what they 're called ... -RRB- , but the plastic pieces you put in before the screws . Also , because I have it strait across an area instead of in a corner , it is less stable ... meaning when my daughter pushes on it , the gate tends to go forward a bit since the `` feet '' by the door of the gate are not screwed to the floor ! You ca n't really do anything about it since it 's such a wide opening . Not a big deal for me . Holding up great for a few months now . The gate also looks really nice .
 It is not easy to find a gate that fits large openings . I have a home with an open floor plan , this was the most reasonably priced gate that extended at least 100 '' long . It blends in well with the decor of our house too ! I have this gate standing on its on for now , but as soon as my child starts walking we will connect it to the wall . The gate is also easy enough for my 6 year old to open and lock . I am very happy I purchased this .
 I was having a real problem finding a gate long enough to fit in our living room area . All the gates I found were too small or too expensive -LRB- $ 300 - $ 400 -RRB- This gate was perfect ! I love it = -RRB-
 Easy to install and to essamble . We have two of these gates that we use for a large play area for or twins .
 This gate is really adaptable and attractive . I use it for puppy safety and containment . It works great .
 We are using this gate to cover a 7 foot opening between the kitchen and the living room . It adjusted great and is very sturdy . The gate opening and closing is simple and secure . Even my 5 year old was easily taught how to open and close it properly . It 's also easy on the eyes , it does not have that jailhouse feel the others I looked at have . What I love most is that even with covering a large area the gate stays put and is sturdy . The hardware to attatch it to the walls is great because it will swivel to the needed angle without having to purchase any special hardware .
 I love this gate . We installed it a week ago , and it has served its purpose perfectly . It 's easy for my husband and I to operate and our 1 year old has been unable to adversely affect its stability . I recommend this to anyone who needs to gate off a large area -LRB- or even just the bottom of a set of stairs.Edited to add : About a month ago , we removed this gate from our living room -LRB- our child is now 21/2 -RRB- . About a month or so before we removed it , the screws on one of the four wall anchors stripped themselves from our wall -LRB- made of drywall -RRB- . The gate only received normal wear & tear . If you buy this gate , make sure that you inspect the anchors at least once a month so that you can re-attach the gate to the wall if the screws in the wall anchors pull out of the wall . I do n't have pets , so I ca n't say whether this would work for dogs . I 'm sure any animal with claws could rip the netting , eliminating the usefulness of the gate.If we ever need a second gate made in this style , I would choose to buy this one again .
 I purchased this gate for my family room/basement to allow my daughter room to play w / out the dog dirt from my animals coming in from the dog door . The first gate came broken but with a short e-mail to Amazon/babyage , a new gate was on it 's way and arrived in only 2 days -LRB- before I even shipped the broken gate back -RRB- The gate was relatively easy to put together and has held up well for us so far . The only reccomendation that I would make is to have some sort or grip or something for the supports to grip the floor so that it does n't move back and forth . We put a chair and a shelf on each side of it and it stopped the problem but I could see it being a real problem if the gate was opened all the way up like ours is w / nothing holding it from moving around.With just some items at the ends to help reinforce it the problem is gone for us .
 I bought this Infant Sure & Scure gate a month ago . I bought so my 2 year wo n't enter my home gym area.UpsSecure good on wall and gate is also firm , secure , and moveable foot.Fit at an odd space easily -LRB- i have in L shape -RRB- Expansion feature allow to cover good area without buying another.DownLittle expensiveLittle difficult to assemble as you need correct height from floor both sides.Overall , good buy for price .
 We were looking for a gate for our Christmas tree and also to block a section of the room for our 18 months old , this gate did the job . He tried to shake it but gave up when he could n't open the gate . It is very long and easy to assemble . Great buy and excellent choice for parents . The only thing is that it is quite pricey and you ca n't even find it used because people hold on to it .
 This gate has been a life saver with 3 kids under 2 . It was very easy to install . We have not had any problems with mounting it into the wall . Ours has been in place for over a year . We have 2 cats and they can jump over it , but to my surprise they have n't tried to claw the mesh . Two complaints ; the frame is made of plactic and it has cracked in 2 places with use -LRB- and with kids climbing on it -RRB- . We have been able to repair it . Also , a small hole was poked in the mesh on the door section . I contacted the manufacturer to see if I could purchase a replacement panel since it does appear to be detachable . They do not offer them . I sewed the hole up with some fishing line and so far , so good . All this being said , we are purchasing a second one for our playroom downstairs .
 We love this gate . We actually have two of them . . one for upstairs and one for down . The reason why we bought this gate is because of the length . It is adjustable to the length you want it to be . . and it goes quite long ! In addition , if you have multiple gates like we have , you can actually add pieces to expand it even further -LRB- which is what we ended up doing -RRB- . The gate is costly . . I will admit that , but it does a wonderful job . I was concerned about the mesh fabric getting dirty -LRB- since you can not remove the fabric to wash it -RRB- - but we havent had that problem . . it still looks new . The only potential flaw with this gate is the door . If you have a quick learner or as your child grows older . . he/she will realize they can get out of the gate by tearing the door down . . it stuck with velcro and is easily undone with just a pull . My daughter has figured this out , but hasnt figured out how to get it all the way undone to get out of the gate yet.Overall , very good gate and highly recommended .
 This is the best gate ever , our dog has gone blind and deaf , he has fallen in the pool once already ... and this gate has been a life saver , it is just large enough to cover the back double french doors while they are opened , preventing our dog from the next accident . It is sturdy , easy to set up right from the box . Your gon na love this item .
 The gate works very well . We are using ours at the top of our steps inside the house . The gate also is covering the railing at the top of the steps , keeping my son from putting his head or hands through the railing and throwing things down stairs . It is pretty rigid and we have only used the tie downs -LRB- velcro type strap -RRB- on the railings . The gate door is easy for us to use , but my son has not figured out how to open it , even after watching me open it several times -LRB- I try to hide how it opens from him , but he still tries to watch -RRB- .
 We bought this gate because we have 11/2 year old twin boys that are into everything ! It was easy to install and fit into an awkward space where we were able to put our Christmas Tree and gifts . I highly recommend the gate , it is flexible , high quality and easy to install . The only problem we had was with the wall anchors -LRB- those little plastic things that go into the wall and your screw goes into them -RRB- . The anchors kept breaking so pick a few up at your local hardware store ahead of time !
 I bought 2 gates to create a 10x12 foot baby-safe area in my open concept living room . It keeps my 12 month old twins in and safe . I ca n't say it keeps the 3 year old in or out since she learned how to open it within a few minutes . It is perfect for the little ones and the price was right . The only other option for my floor plan would have cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I found it really easy to install and put together . The door is a little tricky to close since it has to fit together perfectly before it will latch . Other than that , it is a lifesaver and I no longer have to worry about what the babies are into when I 'm out of the room .
 Love the gates !! I purchased two for large spaces , set them up with ease , and had used them as an enclosure at first . Now , set up as gates , they move with ease around funiture and spaces that gates would normally not enclose . They basically fit anywhere . I would difinitly recommend them ! They keep my twins out of trouble !!!
 I bought this gate for my daycare . I have a rather large opening in a room that leads to two stairways . This gate expands to just the right size . I love the mesh to keep kids from climbing . I just hope it does n't get torn . It is easy enough for an adult to step over if in a hurry as well . All in all , this was one of the best purchases I 've made since starting a daycare .
 it keeps my 15 month old away from the oven , its easy to open with one hand , when i have her on my hip .
 I love this gate . First of all , I have an opening that is 9 ' -11 '' and did n't think I 'd be able to find a gate with extensions that would fit this size . The fact that this gate `` stretches '' to fit large openings up to 12 ' really saved me . Also , it was very easy to install . I admit that I am `` tool-challenged '' and was able to install this gate pretty quickly and without much fuss . Perhaps it 's because of the handy templates that come with the gate . Before I purchased the gate , I was a little concerned about the velcro issue that other reviewers have complained about , but I just decided that we could fix that issue easily if we need to . I will sew the velcro shut if it becomes a problem -LRB- or use crazy glue -RRB- . It will be worth it .
 This gate was extremely easy to install , has a lot of configuration options , and is easy to use . My only complaint , and it is very small , is that the gate is n't quite as easy to close as I expected . It usually takes two hands or a push with the toe to get it to line up just right to latch . Otherwise zero complaints . Well worth the money.Also , they must have changed the design of this gate since the velcro complaints were generated , because my husband and I both tugged on the velcro as hard as could and nothing would come loose . Seems very , very durable .
 We had to find a solution for a wood burning stove that stuck out from the wall 2 feet and also a large off center entry way and the 2 gates worked perfectly !
 I do my research on everything that I purchase . This was the most durable and heavy gate that I could find to build a large play yard that actually looked decent . I did not want a plastic gate that would slide or be easily pushed -LRB- I have tile floors -RRB- . I purchased two and a gymnastics mat that my daughter will be able to use when she is older . I spent $ 325 all together ; however , most people spend around $ 200 or so on a pack and play that they can only use for a year and this I can use for a lifetime ... It was n't as easy to put together as I thought it would be , but worth getting if you are looking for something long-term .
 We have an extra wide doorway between our living room and dining room . There are n't a whole lot of gates that fit extra wide openings , so our choices were limited . The Summer Infant Sure and Secure gate was probably the cheapest of the ones we looked at.Installation took a longer than we expected . First , either our templates were mislabeled or my husband mixed them up because we used the wrong one at first . We only needed the two panels to fit our doorway , so we removed the extra panel . Unfortunately , now we have to store the extra panel somewhere.Once my husband and I finally got the gate in place , we realized that it did n't feel very secure . As soon as my 12 month old son pushed on it , the gate would flex and pull where it was screwed into the wall . Then we noticed the base supports in the package . Do yourself a favor and disgard the screws/anchors that come with the set and use your own sturdier ones . The screws they supply in the set are cheap quality and broke when we attempted to use them.Once we aligned the gate with the base support and got the gate back in place , it easily withstood weight from not only our son , but our 100 + pound golden retriever as well . The swing door is great although it 's still too difficult to close with just one hand . We 've only had it a month so far but are really pleased with the product so far . I 'll try to update in another couple months to report on how it holds up to a toddler , large dog and soon to arrive twins ! At this point , I would definitely recommend this gate to others .
 This gate is great - the only one we can use in our odd shaped room . After about a year and a half of use , I opened the gate and the door came right off - we really did n't want to have to buy another gate and there were n't any repair parts we could find . Luckily I have a crafty husband , and he was able to `` repair '' the gate , so it functions properly again . Other than that , we really LOVE this gate - it 's perfect for large or awkward areas you need gated off . Not to mention the fact is looks so much nicer than traditional gates as far as mixing in with the decor in your home.I have gotten many comments from friends on how nice the gate looks and how great it functions - a few friends have even bought it after seeing ours . Overall , excellent product !
 I have tried many gates out . I have sent many back . I have another one sitting in my hallway -LRB- too late to send that one back -RRB- . I have spent time going to pet stores , and doing online research to find a gate . They were always a disappointment ; either the installation was difficult , the gate did n't take things like wall trim into account , or the design was just bad . Finally I found the Summer Infant Gate . Not only is it super easy to install , but it is of superior quality . My only complaint is that I wish that they made these for a smaller span . I needed to fit a smaller span and I was so frustrated with other gates , that I actually bought a second Summer Gate and made it work in a smaller span by extending it to a wall that was farther away . I 'm tired of taking chances on other inferior products . The Summer Gate is pretty durable too . I would buy this product again , and I just might buy a third one for the upstairs .
 I absolutely love this gate . It fits the large gap between my livingroom and kitchen . It 's very sturdy and secure . We 've had this gate up for a few months now and are so happy with it . It was very easy to install . So far it 's holding up great and we open and close it about a thousand times a day !! I searched everywhere for an affordable gate that would fit a large space and this has certainly met all of my expectations and then some .
 Let me start by saying that I really love this gate . The only thing i would change is the how the gate opens and closes . It sticks a little and is hard to get used to .
 After months of trying different gates and returning them I found the perfect one ! We had to block off the stairs but the opening was too wide for most typical gates . I was out of hope and out of money , but this gate perked me up ! Neither my husband or I are very handy , but we hung it in no time . I almost called Summer Infant Products to thank them for their simple instructions and 2 drilling templates -LRB- not to mention extra wall anchor - nice touch Summer -RRB- ! The gate comes with two long panels that extend and a short panel that has a gate . It looks like it would work for every circumstances imaginable ! The gate opens by pushing the button and lifting the door . It 's clear mash so the kid can see trough it but ca n't climb it.I like that the gate can be converted into a play yard -LRB- if you buy two of them and then connect with provided attachments - nice touch again ! -RRB- . I could n't be happier with my purchase.A suggestion for Summer Infant Products - maybe you can offer this gate in few different colors so that it would match people 's decor ?
 Best gate we 've seen on the market.Spent many months researching and trying to fit my almost six foot opening that drops down to stairs.My baby can see but not get thru it.Highly reccommended .
 We converted our unused dining room into a play area for our 9 month old with this gate . It is easy to open and close one handed . Since it is not fully extended the mesh is not stretched taught so our little guy grabs it in his fists and uses it to pull himself up . He is a very active 22lbs and we have had no problems with the durability of this gate . He also loves to pull himself up and stand at the gate opening . We can still open and close the gate with him standing there without worrying that we will pinch his fingers . We are very happy with this purchase . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND BUYING YOUR OWN SCREWS TO MOUNT THIS GATE . My Dad is a contractor and installed it for us . He did n't even attempt using the screws that came with it since he knew they would strip and never hold . FYI - he used # 8 2 '' stainless steel screws . This is the only reason I deducted a star from this review . Otherwise we are very happy with it .
 When my son began climbing out of his crib , we cringed . We live in a townhouse and his room is a 14 ' x 30 ' space in our walkout basement . One portion of this area is used for our storage and exercise equipment , however , so we were very nervous that he would pull something down on himself . I realize that the manufacturers do not advertise this use , but it is possible to link these gates end to end in order to cover a longer stretch . The gate cleans up easily and was much less expensive -LRB- even with needing to purchase two -RRB- than the other configuration gate options . Our son is 19 mos old and 38 '' tall -LRB- very tall -RRB- and he has not gone over the gate - he leaves it alone ! He is able to climb over many of the plastic and metal pressure gates . It did take a bit of installation time -LRB- about an hour for both gates -RRB- , and you will need basic skills to install it . One other thing , my husband had to go out and buy a drill bit that was the right size for the gate install - 7/32 '' , so be prepared . This was the best $ 200 I 've spent on toddler products thus far !
 This gate is great because you can choose to use both attachments or just one depending on how wide the space is you need it for . WE only use one attachment . You can also adjust it to fit perfectly in your doorway opening . IT is so easy to assemble , and unlike every other gate I 've seen its very appealing . The door swings in both directions , and a child will not be able to figure out how to open and close it until much older . I highly recommend this gate ! DEfniately worth the money ! I read in other reviews that the fabric bunches up it you dont make it wide enough . this just isnt the case .
 Somehow the gate gods were smiling at me the day I bought this gate . I have 5 dogs , and I ca n't keep them out of the dining area . the width of the opening from the dining area to the family room was 130 inches , and this gate opens up to 144inches . I had to find out this information from the reviews ... as amazon does n't really post a description about the products . . unless I 'm missing something.anywayLOVE this gate ! It 's cute and keeps out my 5 beasts !
 Received this in a timely manner and was well worth the money . I use it to gate my two furry friends in our kitchen and I could n't be more happy with the results . It was easy to set up and like I said well worth the money .
 We bought this gate to block off the expensive computer table and the IMac it carries . Works great . Best part is that the width of the panels can be easily adjusted . Also this is probably the only reasonably priced and sturdy panels with gate that we found on the internet . Great ease of use as well . A + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 The gates arrived during the week and we installed them on the weekend . We had two very large openings and this gate was one of the only that would fit in the openings . The other gates had received very poor reviews . The gates look fantastic ! The coloring and design fit very nicely with our decor . The only thing we did differently , as recommended by other reviewers , was to use longer wood screws to install the gates . We were able to place them where we could drill directly into studs and I would recommend that if you do not have studs near where you are installing to get a `` bumps and bruises '' when she crawls into or falls into the barrier .
 We used two of the panels to fit an opening 80 '' wide . The installation was easy and quick . We are using it to keep our dogs in the kitchen and away from the new furniture . The mesh siding does a great job of keeping the dog hair contained . The gate is a little inconvenient to close because you have to line up the top and bottom , but not difficult . My husband often steps or trips on the bottom of the gate opening , but it 's held up just fine so far .
 just put this gate up alittle while ago & like it alot . . used it to cover 2 stair cases . . did n't want to get 2 seperate gates for the bottom of 1 set of stairs & another gater for the top of the other set . . so this killed 2 birds with 1 stone quite nicely . . but my only issues are that the bars seem kind of wide @ the bendable parts i 'm pretty thin & can fit MY arm up to the elbow inbetween them . . & the gate is kind of a pain to close . . to get the bottom & top in @ the same time on the 1st try takes an act of congress . . so it takes a min to get it done . . wish it was automatic closure like some other gates ... but would buy it again so far . . we 'll see how it works when my baby 's old enough to want to push on it and such . . she only rolls around for now . .
 I had a tough time finding baby gates that would fit the wide openings in our house . These are a perfect fit . And they are fairly easy to install . The only negative is that the wall anchors that come with the gate are cheap . I had to go to Home Depot to buy some better ones .
 I love how this gate is very customizable and fits into any living space . I got this to help contain my puppy but unfortunately , he was tiny enough to run right through the gaps between the walls in this gate . I still give it 5 stars because it is a good sturdy gate , is versatile in size/shape and would be great for its intended use as a child gate .
 If it is installed on wall studs - no problems should occur . I can see though how easy it might be for older toddlers of 2,5-3 y.o. to open it . My child tries to open it even now and he is much younger than that . He ca n't open it because he ca n't reach it very well yet .
 We purchase this gate when our 9month old son started crawling and we needed to separate his living room crawl area from the kitchen . Extended gates are hard to find , but as soon as I saw this one I really liked it . We got free shipping and it only took 3 biz days to arrive on our doorstep . The insulation was super easy and my husband hand screwed the anchors into the doorway . We are only using 2 of the 3 panels but I figured you never know what the future might bring and someday we may need to have a gate that extends further . The only thing I wish is that it had n't cost so much money , but at least it was $ 6 cheaper than BabiesRUS . Over all it is a GREAT GATE and I would highly recommend it !
 I just wanted to say that they put stiches on the velcro door panel so that your child can not remove it . I love this gate but I do agree with another reviewer that it would be nice to have the door swing 180 degrees instead of just 90 .
 We own a split foyer home with steps everywhere . One of the staircases -LRB- with five steps -RRB- has no wall along the one side , so I had to find a gate that would wrap around the stairway . This gate works perfectly . I had no problem installing it and I love that it has a doorway to move through . I am considering buying another one for an extra wide opening .
 We needed someway to partition our 12 foot wide living room/dining room . This was perfect . The hardware is included and the product works very well.One problem
 I purchase this to keep my daughter out of stuff when she is supposed to be sleeping . It is long enough to go from one side of the room to the other . I have n't had any problems with the velcro on the door or anything fraying and I have been using it for several months . The two end panels can be adjusted to fit your needs . They go from about 3 feet to 6 feet each . Or you could remove one of the end panels . The door is easy to open and swings both ways . So far my daughter -LRB- who picks up on things very quickly -RRB- has n't figured it out .
 6 years ago my husband & I could not find a gate for the entryway into our living room because it was too wide . When we finally did find one it was nearly $ 200 ! To be able to find one that is a great quality and fits perfectly for under $ 100 is such a blessing this time around . I LOVE the swinging gate . The only reason I did n't give this a 5 star rating is because the gate only opens to 90 degrees . It would have been more convenient if it could open all the way to 180 degrees so when we want it open the gate is not in the way .
 This is a wonderful gate to use for seperating a room ! I used this gate to totally block off the kitchen - It is what I would call a sanity saver ! I have no idea how I ever lived without it !
 I used this gate to close off the stairs for my sunken living room . I did n't think I would find a product that would fit my 12 ' wide stairs , but the gate fit perfecttly . It was easy to install and the best part is the fabric that makes up the fence part is soft , but sturdy . When my baby scales the gate and falls I do n't have to worry about his face hitting metal bars .
 I bought 2 of these Gates and I love them !!! I have a big space for my little one -LRB- 1 Jear -RRB- in my living room and he loves it!I keep all the toy in there so there is no mess in the rest of the house.Also it is very staedy if put up correct I highly recomend this product !!!!
 I purchased this gate for a wide , odd shaped space between my kitchen and living room . I read all reviews and was a little hesitant , but ordered because I needed something fast . My husband is NOT a handyman and installed the gate easily in 15-20 minutes . It is very secure and we have had no issues with the velcro section I read others complained about . It appears this section may now be stitched closed . The gate opens and closes relatively easy . It does open more smoothly in one direction . We open it the opposite direction when the baby is in bed for the night as it stays open and is more convenient . The bottom rail in the gate section does take a little getting used to . I caught it a couple times with my foot the first couple days . I thought about laying a strip of yellow tape across it to draw attention , but have n't had any trip issues since . I like the soft look of the neutral fabric/mesh versus rails ; it matches our decor nicely . Overally , we 're VERY SATISFIED and would highly recommend this gate !!!!
 A bit difficult to install , the guide for marking the placement of the screws was slightly off so we could n't fit the feet on , but that 's okay because we did n't actually need them . Looks nice , better than the white barred gates.I find it easy to open . I can do it one handed once you figure out how to do it . EASY TO CLEAN ! We have the gate up to keep kids in our out of the kitchen . When eating lunch they tend to touch the gate with sticky messy hands but wipes off easily with a wet cloth.People often comment how nice the gate is . I love the neutral color . Happy with the purchase .
 We purchased this gate to fit around the base of an odd shaped staircase -LRB- for those interested , it 's the front stairwell of the Wellington plan by Centex Homes - it 's really popular down here in Centex subdivisions so I thought I 'd share -RRB- . I was concerned about finding anything that would cover this area because of odd shape but this gate did the job in spades . And it was a breeze to install -LRB- at least compared to some other gates -RRB- . I had it installed within 1 hour . As is usual with these kind of things , if you are installing into sheetrock , be forewarned that the anchors that come with the gate hardware are pooky and you will need to buy some decent ones at the hardware store . That 's really my only complaint , but it 's seems to always be the case with any factory-provided hardware these days . We are very pleased with it and it was worth the money .
 With the mixed reviews this gate has , I hesitated in buying it , but I wish I had n't ! My house is rather small but there is a large open area between the kitchen , living room , hallway , and door to basement ; this is the highest traffic area in the house . Also , none of the walls or corners are straight across from each other making it impossible to use a more `` traditional '' gate . I actually found it easier not to attach this gate to the wall so I can change what part of the house I want my daughter to have access to . It is possible for the gate to tip over if my 2-year-old daughter is playing with it , so I made a rule that she is not allowed to `` play '' with the gate . It took her about a day to adjust but now she has no problem with it . I 'm not sure about the durability of the gate since I have not had it long , but I think the price is well worth my daughter 's safety and my peace of mind .8 Months Later : I still really love my gate , but it has broke , right where the panels attach to the gate . My 10 year old and 6 year old nieces were responsible for the damage -LRB- I do n't think a baby gate is designed to have older children climbing on it -RRB- so I can understand why it broke , but it is disappointing . I still use it , -LRB- I have it running between my daughter 's bedroom door and mine , so that if she wakes up in the middle of the night I know she 'll come into my room and not wonder the house -RRB- but I have to be more careful of how I move it around and whom I allow to go by it .
 I bought this gate to block off and turn my dining room into a playroom for my baby girl . It was fairly easy to install , and so far it seems sturdy . All in all , I like the gate , it is doing what I needed it to do . I also bought this gate to block off the area from our little 3 lbs pup , I was concern at first if it would even keep him out because the gaps on each side of the gate door is a little wide , but it seems to be keeping him out now that he 's put on some weight ... but if you have a smaller and skinnier dog , it might not even work . Just letting those pet owners out there know ... thanks !
 I purchased this gate for my older dog to keep him off the carpet . It worked out great ! And now when my son brings his dogs over I still use it to keep them out of the kitchen when Im cooking .
 I purchased this gate because the opening between my living room and dining room and kitchen was 110 inches or more it was very easy to install I would n't recommend using the template connect all pieces then mark you screw holes with a pencil . It took about 30 min to install BE SURE to position gate where the velcro is on the outside of area if using for a baby so they can not pull velcro off and escape babies are pretty smart figuring things out unnoticed It comes with a 1 yr warranty on all parts and when the velcro became a problem I called the customer service number and gave them the product number located on bottom of walk through part and also number located on the bottom of walk through part and they were more than happy to replaced the gate I have recommended this to several people !
 We actually bought two of them . The price is better than some big W places lol . I love these def a must have if you have kids and even for pets too . You can position them different ways and love the adjustable length . I really really recommend .
 This gate worked perfectly when our young toddler was on the move . It fit perfectly around an odd shaped corner which housed a stove .
 We bought two of these gates to go together . When we picked them up , both boxes were damaged in shipping . Once opened , we found that one of the lower hinges had been snapped during shipping . It was impossible to replace since it was riveted and not screwed on . By having two gates , we have increases options when it comes to assembly and the broken piece has not been a big problem . We have been using them now for 8 months and found them extremely effective at keeping toys and kids at bay.We have a large space to block off for the kids , and these extendable gates are perfect for any size area . There are several small feet that keep the gate stable . I wish the feet were heavier , or the bottom bar was weighted , to discourage little ones from moving the gate around . The latch is sturdy and so far is toddler-proof -LRB- our 18-month old has n't figured it out yet -RRB- . She can even hang off the top bar - only 20 lb . though.Screwing them to a wall would make them even more sturdy , but I do n't want to mark the wall like that . It is a great plus to be able to swing the entire gate out of the way ; say , for vacuuming or playtimes.Read other reviews , like I did , but buy this gate . You will be happy because of your choice .
 Baby gate is very nice quality . Use it all the time for grandkids and also for our new dog ! Highly recommend this product .
 This gate is perfect for closing in our play room for our 7-month old . The opening into the room is about 75 '' wide and we decided to go with this gate because of all the good reviews . It installed very quickly , my husband used the enclosed diagram for drilling the bracket holes with no problems . We did have a little issue when he was trying to push the side down onto the brackets & it bent one of the plastic pieces slightly , but he was able to re-bend it back with a screwdriver . I love that it can be shortened or lengthened to suit your space needs . My son is still crawling so not sure how the mesh will hold up against him pushing on it once he 's standing , but so far it 's kept my cat & dog out successfully , despite them pushing on it ! : -RRB-
 This gate is awesome - sturdy , well made , looks nice . Only suggestion i have , is to use screws to also attach it to your floor . The middle can move , but there 's 2 plastic footer attachments that you can drill right thru to keep it even more sturdy - I love this gate .
 I am IN LOVE with this baby gate . I have a huge opening to on my second floor and I have been panicking about what I am going to use to block the stair rail -LRB- which is wide enough my little one can easily fall through -RRB- and how to block the actual stairway also . I had purchased a `` certified upstairs '' gate , but I ended up having to buy two because one was n't long enough and when I put them both together I could n't lift them ! Talk about a safe baby gate . I was going to be trapped upstairs too . I finally came across this gate and while I did see it said not for use on stairs I did n't have a choice and I figured I would give it a try.It is AMAZING . I have it set wide and the sides bent -LRB- half a hexagon -RRB- and it keeps a wide berth from the stairs and is extremely sturdy . -LRB- Like it says for all gates , the best way to be safe is to watch your kids ! My daughter is never out of my sight when we are near the stair area and I never let her pull or press on any of our gates . -RRB-
 It is easy to install but I do n't like that I had to make hold in the wall . But is great for baby and his safety .
 This gate is excellent for those who have non-standard openings . I use mine to block off from the front door to the steps without hindering access to either . I would highly recommend this gate to anyone . Set up was easy and instructions were clear . It can also be moved with minimal effort .
 This is actually the second one of these we have bought ; the first one we bought in a store in Virginia when our first grandchild came for a visit . This second iteration of the `` same '' product is made of a slightly thinner tubing structure , which makes it a little bit lighter overall , yet retains all its original great functionality.We really like the ability to block off stairways or Christmas tree and the three movable -LRB- hinged -RRB- sections offer a variety of configurations . We especially like the fact that the middle section has an operable GATE so we do n't have to try and climb over this blockade ! Also , this thing can be used successfully without having to permanently mount it to a wall or railing , although you could attach it if you so desired ; but for occasional use at Grandma 's house , we prefer the flexibility of moving it around to meet changing needs.Great quality product well worth the money .
 I love this baby gate for my very wide entrance living room . It keeps my baby safe and yet it is so easy to get in and out for the adults without having to climb over it . I was also able to use it around my fire place at my last residence . It 's nice that it folds up easy for storage too .
 When my son started to crawl , i was on the search to buy a safety gate to block the kitchen entrance . So first i searched the babies r us site and immediately bought the safety 1st baby gate -LRB- the one with total plastic covering -RRB- . I wanted a gate with no rails because knowing my son of hanging on the rails i was too scared to get those ones . So after i bought the safety 1st gate and installed it , i found it too small and it didnt serve the purpose . Also it was really hard to install it and it was not easy to use . So i searched on amazon to find a list of baby gates available . That 's when i found the summer infant one with mesh type protection . its also an expandable gated too . i bought this and installed it . I realized its the exact size gate i wanted . It was easy to use and i didnt have to worry about it falling down . the best part was that the installation was really easy -LRB- which is imporatant to me because I live in an apartment and i ca n't drill holes into the wall . -RRB- This uses wood screws which are easy to screw into the wall -LRB- you dont need a drill -RRB- and you can seal them later on.Overall i love this product and I am still using it for my son .
 easy to install but moves a little because of design . the parts hook together on moving hinges that you tighten down to keep in place so you really have to keep those tight if you dont want it to move .
 This gate was exactly what we needed to block off our kitchen area . We have an entry point that is 98 '' wide and this gate works perfectly . Thank you .
 I love this gate , and having it installed is a load off my mind . The thing I like best is that the length is * fully * adjustable even if you have to install it in a straight line , meaning that you can slide it to the exact width you need , unlike the North States 12-foot gate , which is only adjustable in increments of 2 feet , because all you can do is add a panel or take one off . This gate was perfect for what we needed , which was a gate we could install in a straight line to cover a 10-foot opening that leads to a 1-foot drop behind a sofa.Regarding the stability of it , I will say that if you grab the top bar in the middle of the 10-foot span , you can shake it back and forth a few inches . But it does n't seem to affect the safety of it , because it 's also anchored to the floor in two places . So I do n't think it 's quite as rock-solid as the North States gate , but we could n't use the North States gate for this spot because the length was a few inches off , and we could n't arc the gate to get to the right length -- we needed to install it in a straight line . So I would highly recommend this gate to anyone who needs to fit an extra-wide custom space with a gate in a straight line .
 it gets the job done , i like it , but its not perfect which is kind of disappointing considering the price.the feet that come with it , are useless imo . they come off easily and do nothing in terms of bracing or preventing movement.it does better at angles , such as the 3rd picture provided by Dee . i used 1 of mine straight as its separating the kitchen and living room and would look silly angled into one or the other . with it straight , it bends and flexes a lot . does not break , but flexes and makes lots of noise when the kid leans on it . i screwed it into the drywall , no stud , no anchors and after like a month the screws came out . so use an anchor or find a stud . also with it straight , the door does not want to shut easily because when the gate leans the door is not lined up . u have to bend the gate straight to get the door to shut.bottom line , use studs or anchors and preferably use it at an angle and its perfect
 This is the longest gate available . I looked for 2 months so I know ! I am using this for my daycare and it is great ! The only thing is that the attachment pieces that fit together seem easy to crack . The first one I ordered was damaged so just be careful when you put it away or move it so that you do n't crack the plastic pieces . Other than that it is very sturdy !
 My husband and I decided on this gate because it mounts to the wall and no holes to stick fingers through . We have a wide opening to our living room so a normal baby gate was n't going to fly . Our other option was to get the superyard barrier and try to position so it would n't tumble over.The gate is very sturdy , my 30 in 24lb 9 mo has yet to move it ! He pushes on it so he can stand up and it stays put . We have hard wood floors so we did have to add the no slip grip pads to the feet but after that Perfect ! The gate is a little tricky to close because you do have to pull back the latch first and that is the only reason I give 4 stars ! I highly recommend !
 OK , so the gate is n't perfect but it is pretty good . When you have a large span to cover it is likely your best option . The soft fabric is nice . I would love it if you did n't have bundles of fabric at the ends , but then the gate would n't be adjustable . I would love it if there was n't a bar underneath the opening , but then it would n't be stable . Again , it is a good item for large spans and likely your only/best option .
 I ordered this gate from JCPenney 's website about 6 months ago , but now I see it here for far less . We have an approximately 10 ' opening adjoining our living room to our dining room and wanted to section the living room off as a baby-friendly area for the main floor of our house . We considered getting the accordian-style play yards , but observed from others ' experience that was n't the safest or most attractive route to go . I came across this `` Sure & Secure Custom Fit Gate '' and decided we 'd give it a shot . I do fear the wider the opening , the less secure ANY gate is going to be . This has worked well for us . Our daughter is now almost 14 months and it keeps her safely contained . Since she has been able to pull herself up and stand steadily , she has been able to shake the gate back & forth . The hardware has held -LRB- we used plastic wall anchors because we have an older home with plaster walls -RRB- , despite all her swinging of the gate . Every now & then you should adjust the tension to ensure it 's tight . When we first installed the gate , we found we needed to install it lower than originally anticipated or the whole gate swings . Now the anchors are secure , so when our daughter is shaking it ... it is just the top if that makes any sense to you . The walk-thru gate takes some getting used to at first , but works very well . Our daughter is n't quite tall enough to start trying to open the latch herself , but I do n't see any toddler being able to figure it out -LRB- famous last words , I know ! -RRB- . With our supervision , she loves opening & closing the unlatched gate and walking back & forth through the opening . Literally hours of unintended entertainment value ! This gate blends with our decor very well . It does n't seem to stand out quite as much as some gates you see . All around , well worth the money and we 're likely to have it up for years to come since we want more kids .
 We have a 13 ' doorway that I wanted to gate off to either keep the baby in the room or keep the dogs out of the room . It was hard to find a gate for this large of a space . I was n't confident with the other gate options where you had to purchase additional extenders to get the size you need . This comes in 3pieces and the 2 side pieces expand to fit a larger space . It can also be angled at the 2connection spots . It can be used in many different ways . I really like that there are n't many hard surfaces on it where the baby could bump himself on it . The material it is made from is just like what a pack n play is made from . I would recommend this .
 We looked everywhere for a gate that was over 60 inches ! We have a 72 inch opening into our kitchen that we wanted to block off from our little people :-RRB- It fit perfectly and holds up very well ! We have a cat and a dog -LRB- pug -RRB- who jump over it all the time and it not yet has fallen apart :D I love the mesh for when little heads topple over , etc. they do not get hurt . Its very easy to open and close although my son has easily figured out how to unlock it and get into the kitchen which stopped serving its purpose ! So now we just use a bungee cord to keep him from unlocking it !!! Would recommend to everyone looking for a extra large gate .
 These look so much better than plastic gates , and finding metal gates to fit large spans is tough ! I like that these can be used in so many different configurations . I have them attached to walls at both ends right now but like that I can change that up as needed later on .
 This is a nicely designed gate , particularly for wide openings -LRB- minimum width is 67 '' -- although the box says 70 '' -RRB- . Note that for openings up to 89 '' you just use the gate panel and one of the side panels . Openings wider than 89 '' use all three panels . If you 're using it for a pet , the panels are made of a mesh fabric that looks like a cat could make quick work of it wanted to get to the other side.You do need some `` handyman '' skills to install this gate , equivalent to hanging a shelf . I recommend not using the drilling template , and just position the gate on the wall and mark through the screw holes for drilling . You 'll almost certainly need appropriate size screws , since the included screws will only work if you 're screwing into woodwork directly .
 if you have a wide opening you want to gate off , this gate will do the trick . It uses a fabric mesh instead of vertical bars , which works well to keep our infant on one side . There 's less for him to grab onto and pull himself up with as well.It was easy to adjust to the size I needed and easy to install . Just screw a few brackets in place and snap the gate in place . The locking gate swings open both ways . The gate also has a bracket at the bottom that connects to the bar to keep it from being pushed out at the bottom.Update
 This gate ROCKS ! It is totally adjustable to fit any weird sized opening -LRB- such as we have -RRB- and my daughter does not even attempt to barrel through it as she does with our superyard . The swinging gate works awesome , though it takes some using to get loosened up and easy to close . The only caveat is the screws . I agree with the last review , ditch the screws that come with it and get some that are right for your wall . The ones they sent are too short and pulled right out of our studs . And the plastic wall anchors they send are useless !!!
 I was going to purchase the plastic super yard to create a spot in the playroom for my now cruising 9 month old , but I saw this at BRU and got it instead . I 'm so happy I did ! We are using it to corner off a spot and it worked out great , we put the square puzzle foam floor under it to pad his falls . He loves it too ! I would recommend this to everyone . Oh we did need to use longer screws to keep it in the wall ...
 My husband and I bought this gate to keep our precocious and exceptionally curious toddler out of the kitchen . -LRB- It took her about a week to figure out how to open all the safety locks on the cabinets . -RRB- When the gate arrived the box was heavily damaged and the gate was broken . We called customer service at Summer and they had a new gate and free return shipping label to us in three days ! Installation was fairly easy for my husband who is not particularly handy with tools . We like the fabric/mesh since our daughter ca n't climb it like other gates . The only thing I do n't like quite so much is that the latching mechanism is not terribly easy to use . You have to line up the gate and then pull slightly on the handle to seat the latch properly . Takes a little while to get used to . All-in-all we would definitely recommend this gate to others who have large openings to close off .
 This gate worked great for what I needed . I have 10 month old twins and wanted to create a playroom by blocking off my entire dining room . This was the only gate on the market that was long enough withought having to buy extentsions . My only complaint is that because the opening I 'm using it in is n't the full 12 feet , the fabric bunches up which allows my kids to push and pull on it . I 'm worried that they will tear it . Other than that , I could n't be happier .
 It 's funny , I was really annoyed with this gate after we first installed it , but now it has totally grown on me ! I love the look of it . We use it to block off a HUGE space because we have a newer home with a total open floor plan . We had to buy two of them in order to make it big enough , which was fine , especially since we were able to use the `` leftover '' portion to block off another room . The thing I initially hated about the gate was the door -- it seemed ridiculously hard to close it properly . BUT as a previous poster said , you get the hang of it after a couple weeks and before you know it , you are opening and closing it pretty easily with one hand . It 's a great option for a huge space . It was very , very easy to install and seems sturdy with my son hanging on it all the time .
 For the price you pay , you ca n't ask for more . Easy to set up . Very flexible application for odd areas . Soft material for little heads . Downers
 This system lasted a long time . Our kids were pretty rough with it and it finally broke down a couple days ago . The kids pushed on the middle area where the gate is and the plastic broke . -LRB- but in the fence 's defense the kids are over the age of two and very active -RRB- . Gate still kept functioning , but we took it down anyway . We LOVED this gate system which is what we used to section off half of a bonus room and made it into their playroom . It was a great area that was just theirs . It is tall and the gate is not easy for them to figure out nor did the kids ever climb out of it . It keeps the dogs out of their area as well . I highly recommend it and if I needed it again , I would not hesitate to re-purchase it ! ; -RRB-
 Easy to use . Works great . Gate easy for mommy and daddy to open . This is the first of many gates we have tried that my daughter doesnt mind being fenced in with - she can see me thru the netting so she is happy and i can see her thru the netting so I am happy .
 I registered for this and got it as a baby shower gift . Easily the best thing I got ! Our baby is due in 4 days but we 've been using it for about 6 weeks with our 3 dogs and it 's wonderful ! We have two big dogs -LRB- an ancient lab and a 2 yr old german shepherd mix -RRB- and a small shih tzu . It keeps the lab and the shih tzu well contained -LRB- the two we need it for . The GSD mix is a great dog . She does n't need it thankfully since she jumps over it like one of Santa 's reindeer ! -RRB- It 's easy enough to work that even our 10 and 8 yr old boys do n't mind using it . I can work it one handed which will be nice very soon . It fits such an odd angled space in our house that I 'm grateful to have it . I homeschool our boys and needed something that would keep the baby contained with us as she starts to move around . This is perfect . My DH initially balked about it -LRB- I think he just did n't want to install it ! -RRB- but now admits that it 's pretty great . -LRB- It took less than an hour for him to install it even with 2 `` helpers '' and the dogs running around . I did n't hear any swearing either . :-RRB- I 'd recommend this gate to anyone .
 I 'm very happy with this gate . I needed a gate to keep a small dog off the carpet . It works well keeping the kids out of the kitchen too ! The latch is easy enough for my 4 year old to let himself in and out . This gate sets up easy and looks nice . I recommend this gate for pets or kids .
 We bought this gate to block off a large gap in a great room . The problems were we needed a very long gate and it needed to mount on an angle to fit around columns . This gate is perfect ! It is sturdy , the opening is easy to operate , it looks pretty and was really reasonably priced ! It was only a little more than some `` normal '' sized metal gates . It was also quite easy to install and we always mess up installation projects !
 I bought 2 of these to keep the dogs in the kitchen from escaping into the house when all wet . They do not have to be nailed into and walls which is great for non-drywall repair . The gates work fantastic . The dog has yet to figure out how to open the gate . Even better , the gates are easily transported to another house when someone else is watching your pets . Worth every penny !
 This gate works great to keep my 10 month old daughter in her play area . You need to get use to operating the door , especially when you only have one hand to do it with and need to get use to stepping over the bottom piece on the door because I tripped over it a couple of times . Otherwise , it really does the trick . We tried the gate that uses the compression but it did not hold very well and my daughter was actually able to push it over a couple of times . Needless to say it went back . I saw this extra wide gate on line and purchased it . We need the gate to extend an area of 10 feet . This fit very well and was easy for my husband to install . We are very grateful to have it . I would highly recommend this product .
 We have had this gate about a month . It blocks a large opening so our daughter can not access the kitchen . The gate works great if the little plastic triangle part of the latch is out . The gate will close without the little plastic part being out , but our daughter -LRB- 13months -RRB- has figured out if she pushes real hard she can open it . Except for this minor issue , it works well for us .
 We love this gate !! It was easy for my husband to put together . We used it to block off a section of our basement . I love the door and it looks a lot nicer than the plastic gates .
 This gate is perfect for the wide hallways and stairway in our home as well as for our sweetly precocious daughter who needs `` reminding '' of where she should and should n't be prowling . My husband assembled the gate with no problems and we both find it to be easily maneuverable and fairly solid once locked into place . It should not , however , be viewed as a barricade for ambitious tiny travelers -LRB- who tend to climb or ram impediments -RRB- . The only thing that could be improved upon is the fact that the door of the gate can be finicky - at times I have to finesse it into its locking position , which is a pain . Otherwise , we really like this gate and will probably end up buying a second one in the future .
 This gate is very sturdy and very easy to install . Longest gate I could find for under $ 100 . Swinging door hinges at the top and bottom so there is no where for little fingers to get pinched . I 've opened the door many times with my daughter hanging on it with no problems . I love this gate !
 Purchased this gate about 9 months ago for my 16-month old son . I set it up in a corner of our great room to provide him a play pen area . So far , it has been an excellent investment , as my son -LRB- and now his 9-month old brother -RRB- spends time in it every day . The gate is very kid-friendly -LRB- safe and not climb-able -RRB- and attractive -LRB- we did n't want something that looked like it was designed to contain a dog -RRB- . It 's also fairly durable . My oldest son -LRB- 25 months old now -RRB- is pretty aggressive , and likes to shake the sides of the gate every once in a while . I would definitely recommend using heavy-duty drywall anchors -LRB- not the cheap , light-duty ones that come with the gate -RRB- , unless you are fortunate enough to hit studs . I would definitely purchase this again .
 After months of research I finally purchased this gate to keep my toddler out of our kitchen/dining room . We had a really hard time finding the right gate because the opening was too wide for most gates and the places where the gate would need to be mounted were not parallel to each other . Using all three panels this one was a little larger than what I wanted but we made it work.It should be noted that this gate can accomodate openings smaller than the stated 70 '' minimum because you do not have to use both of the side panels . One side panel can be removed , leaving the gate about 26 '' shorter at its minimum . So you would only have one side panel and the walk-through . This is n't stated anywhere on the outside of the box though it really should be because it makes the gate that much more versatile . I did n't realize it until going through the instruction manual.There are two drawbacks so far with this gate for me and are the reason I gave it 4 stars . One , the `` hinges '' between the side panels and the gate panel are the perfect size for little toddler feet , and I 've got a climber . She has n't figured out how to throw the other leg over the gate yet and hopefully by the time she is big enough to do so my `` no-no 's '' will carry a little more weight . I did n't realize there was an `` extra tall '' version of this gate otherwise I might have opted for that one -- of course I did n't think she 'd climb this one either . The second drawback is though the installation is easy , we found that the expanders that came with the gate were junk , so you might want to get yourself better ones before you try installing . We only needed them on one side , but by the time we realized they were garbage the holes were drilled ... and stripped . Even though that side is n't as secure , the locking mechanism that holds the gate to the wall brackets is strong enough to accomodate -LRB- hopefully -RRB- . I guess my only other complaint would be that the gate just is n't pretty , I would have much preferred a gate that looked like wood paneling instead of brown netting , it should n't be that hard to create a nicer gate with the same mounting flexibility .
 We have been looking for a versatile gate for a long time , there are many products out there , but only this one was wide enough to fit across our living room . I have a 10 month old baby who crawl and fell alot . this gate uses a soft screen and does not hurt her when fell onto . The only issue is the door latch , which is a little hard to use . But it does not bother us . Each joint can be disconnected and or re-connected with another piece and be locked together .
 This is a nice gate but was a bit tricky to install . My husband used the hole drilling guide that came with the product and had to move the screw holes three times before the gate was actually touching the floor . Now I have two extra sets of holes in my moulding I could have done without . All in all though the gate works well and the door feature is easy to use . I would recommend this gate to a friend .
 This is a well designed wash / bath mitt featuring the popular children 's television character Strawberry Shortcake . It fits well and comes with a hook for hanging as well as small loop at the top . It has a lot of nice detailing , including the strawberry ribbon at the top , which is a nice touch . It comes with a tag designating it as authentic Strawberry Shortcake merchandise . It is made of terry cloth and is very soft and comfortable.As for the idea of using this as a gift bag , that seems really more like a marketing gimmick than anything . I do n't really know who would give this to their kid filled with candy or something , and then have them turn around and use it for washing .
 I have read a few bad reviews for these plug covers , but these work great . My son is one year old and they keep him away . Heck they keep me away . I do n't look forward to using any outlet that these are in . They are hard for me to get out . I have to find something to wedge in it to pry it out of the outlet . So simply put these work fine . Maybe an older child would be able to get these out , but I ca n't so I am not worried.UPDATE
 Hi I use this on me . I purchased at the local Rite-Aid . Smells pretty dam good and so soft but I wish it would be more creamier .
 I have tried a lot of carriers since the birth of my daughter , but this one takes the cake . I can wear my 25-pound child for HOURS and not get sore or tired . The shoulder straps are wonderfully padded , and so is the waist cushion . I have gotten SO many comments about my Ergo , and I have given the name to countless mommies , pregnant women , and even daddies . My boyfriend has a bad back , so I 'm the only one who wears our daughter , but I ca n't complain . She loves it , and usually goes right to sleep when we head out.EDIT
 I had a Bjorn for my daughter when she was an infant , and I absolutely loved it . However , when she got too big for it , we got the Ergo carrier , and I love this one , too . It does a great job of distributing the baby 's weight over your hips instead of your back & shoulders . It 's adjustable , so my husband and I can both use it . We took a trip to the East Coast last year , and we took turns carrying our daughter in this instead of bringing a stroller . It worked out great for us . I also really like having the option to carry her on my front , back , or hip.The only down sides are -LRB- 1 -RRB- you ca n't wear your baby facing out in this carrier and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it 's a little tricky figuring out how to get your baby onto your back at first . However , the Ergo website has great video tutorials showing you how to do it , and you will figure it out ! ; o -RRB-
 This carrier is so comfortable to wear , easy to use , and it packs and travels well because there are no frames -LRB- it 's soft-sided -RRB- . For some reason , everyone buys the Bjorn , which hurts a lot of backs -LRB- especially if you 're going to wear it for more than 5 minutes -RRB- . I 've lent mine to friends who are going away on a trip , and they 've returned mine afterward and purchased their own ! I 've used it while traveling , in the grocery store , around the neighborhood , and even at home when my son was fussy .
 My wife and I are completely sold on the ergo baby carrier.We also have a wrap that we 've used but since trying out the ergo baby carrier we have n't used the wrap again.I have n't tried any of the baby bjorn models , but I have heard that they are no where near as supportive or comfy as the ergo.The people I know who do like the baby bjorn have n't tried the ergo.It is well constructed and the fabric is very nice , especially because the one we got is made of organic cotton.The straps are logically placed and well padded.The cover that flips over the baby 's head and snaps onto the shoulder straps provides ample coverage so that I do n't have to worry about our little one getting sun-burned . My daughter is 5 weeks old and instead of buying the infant insert we just fold a receiving blanket a couple of times and slide it in between her and ergo and it works just fine.All in all , I would highly recommend this product to everyone .
 i got an ergo baby carrier for my birthday a little over a month after my youngest was born . OMG how did i manage to raise THREE other kids witout an ergo !?!? seriously , my now one year old practically LIVES in the ergo , on my front if he 's sleepy or nursing , on my back if i 'm doing dishes , or laundry , or whatever . it 's made trips to the grocery store a THOUSAND times easier . i remember with my other little 's trying to hold one , and put another in the cart , then trying to push the cart , it was NIGHTMARE time . with the ergo , baby 's on my back , little is in the cart , older two are walking , everyone is happy , and i can get everything on my list without breaking a sweat . there have been just a couple of times i 've left the house without it , and i 'm always a bit panicked when i get out of the car , and i have no ergo to strap on -- the ergo makes everything easier . it does n't hurt my back , or my shoulders , i 've read bad things about carriers where baby is `` hanging '' and the ergo is n't a `` hanger '' baby is sitting in there , on his bum , totally comfortable . it 's cute too , i 've gotten tons of comments on it .
 I orginally purchased this when my husband was deployed and the baby was about 5 months old and wanted to be held constantly . I have used several different backpacks and slings , and this is my favorite . Although a bit tricky to get the kid on the back by myself when he was older , many a trips in a store or laundry being folded has benefited . -LRB- You can use on your back , stomach , or side and the back has just been easier to free my hands -RRB- . My husband is now home and the baby is 19 months old and we still find we use it around town shopping , especially at his naptime . I would absolutely recommend this above all other 's .
 I thought that I had too many baby products and carriers with our first baby , so I thought that I should n't buy just `` one more thing . '' I am sorry that I felt this way all those years ago , because I could 've really given my back a break ! The Ergo is GREAT!Advantages :1 -RRB- Comfy for you2 -RRB- Comfy for baby3 -RRB- Baby is secure4 -RRB- Washes/dries easily5 -RRB- Great for longer walksAs others have mentioned , this carrier would not work if your little one likes to face outward.I opted for the organic fabric , and I am pleased with the quality and color . I 've been using it for 3 months now , and could n't be happier . I am still putting the baby in the front carry position , and I think that it might take some practice to use the back-carry position . There are some helpful videos on YouTube , so hopefully I 'll have it mastered in no time !
 my daughter hates the bjorn , but feels much more comfortable in this . it is not for the very little except when you have the insert -LRB- which i have n't tried -RRB- , but i thought my daughter hated carriers until i realized she hated the way she was sitting -LRB- held up by her crotch -RRB- in the bjorn . this has a lot of neat features and options -LRB- safety straps , adjustments , etc -RRB- and there is a video that explains everything . i like mine a lot and the store i ordered from was very helpful with questions .
 I have a 7 month old and he loves being in it . Would definitely recommend this to any moms who are shopping around for a baby carrier !
 I LOVE this carrier . I 've tried so many trying to get one that my daughters would like -LRB- I have a 6 month old and 2 year old -RRB- and they both like this carrier . It 's reasonably priced and comfortable for mom and baby . The only con I would say , is there needs to be back padding as well , since the back can end up digging into your lower back if you 're anything more than a size 0 . There 's a pocket in the front that holds the hood , but you can easily fit a phone in there as well , and there 's a pocket on the side to tuck your keys into .
 My daughter-in-law has had much back problems due to an accident from riding a horse years ago . This is the only baby carrier she can use without pain !
 The Erobaby Organic Baby Carrier is exactly what I expected ! I love the quality and the extras that go along with this carrier .
 My wife and I read a bunch of reviews on the Ergobaby as well as the Baby Bjourn . We decided to go with the Ergobaby based on the reviews and I am happy we did . It works well for both of us . We 've used it with the infant insert and now without and have taken our baby multiple places such as grocery shopping and hiking . Great product .
 I 'm 5 '11 and this is the perfect carrier for me and baby.Comfortable , cute and easy to wear ! Well made , definitely worth the extra $ $ $
 I was sceptical that this carrier would be more forgiving on my back and shoulders than the babybjorn but I was completely wrong ! I can wear my 6 month old daughter for hours without any soreness at all . LOVE LOVE LOVE IT ! I highly recommend this carrier !
 This is unbelievable . If you 're reading this review no need . Just buy it . Well worth the somewhat inflated price . It 's absolutely irreplaceable . So versatile . So comfortable . Impeccably made . You wo n't find a better product . After purchasing , my wife emailed me pics of Ben affkecks baby tom cruises as well as Orlando blooms in this exact carrier . If celebrities that can afford any product out there use this one it 's got to be pretty good . We 're still using it and my daughter is 16 months . Sleeps in it . My wife jogs , shops and does house work .
 I bought this when the little one was four months , but his legs were a little too short for it then and he was n't comfortable . He 's six months now and loves it , often falls asleep in it . I have n't worn this on my back yet but I 'm sure it will be great when I do . This baby carrier is lightweight , easy to put on , does n't dig in your shoulders or hurt your back even after walking around in it for over an hour .
 its the best baby carrier i have ever seen.easy to carry in the front but quite hard in the back if baby doesnot stand by herself .
 Our baby loves to be held and it can be tough to get things done around the house , or do grocery shopping . It 's nice because when I 'm -LRB- the wifey -RRB- home by myself and I have to run errands with our 10month old and 4 yr old I can just stick one in the carrier and the other in the cart . I do like my 4 yr old to walk as much as possible but he stops so much looking at stuff sometimes it 's just faster to contain both children lol . I love the Ergo bc my shoulders do n't get sore at all . I have n't had a chance to use the sleep hood b/c my son does n't like having stuff on his head so the only complaint I have is that if we are out and about and he 's tired , he 's not really that comfortable in it . Yet . I 'm sure with use it 'll get better though . All in all SO much better for me and baby than the traditional ones that hurt to wear after 5 minutes for both baby and I . So worth the investment !
 This Shampoo is very mild , smells delicious , but the best part is how shiny and soft leaves the hair.My son have fine hair , so a lot of the toddler shampoos make his hair dull.With this we notice the change in the hair from the first wash.Recommended
 I am allergic to coconut and this is one of very few shampoos that does not contain cocoamide or other coconut products - so although I 'm no toddler this is what I use.This is a good mild shampoo that leaves hair shiny without being weighed down . This product is not a moisturizing shampoo , so I regularly use additional pre/post-shampoo conditioning products for my long hair . As with most shampoos scalp build-up does occur over time -LSB- depending on skin chemistry , climate & time of year -RSB-
 Purchased this to send to day care because we were swaddling at home but did n't want to send my SwaddleMe 's to school every day . I will swear up and down by the SwaddleMe 's and cried the day he finally grew out of them ... but he LOVES this blanket . Not only did it take longer for him to outgrow this blanket as a swaddler , but he also continues to use it as his blanket now that he 's in the `` big boy '' class . In addition , this is a wonderful company to work with .
 You will not find a better swaddling blanket ! It is made of fantastically soft flannel and is the perfect size and shape to swaddle your little one in the first months to keep him warm and secure . All the colors it comes in are also tender and whispery.I have tried many different swaddling blankets with my first child and never found the perfect one , he always seemed to wiggle his way out of each and every one . When I was pregnant with my second , I have found the LullaWrap and , impressed by its description , purchased four . I have never regretted buying it , in fact , I was amazed and delighted with both the quality and the design of it every time I used it.Stock up a bit on these , as babies frequently have accidents and you 'll want a few clean ones before you get a chance to wash them .
 I purchased this blanket for our soon to arrive bundle of joy and really was having a hard time finding a great basic swaddling blanket that was substantial enough to provide warmth without any unnecessary bells and whistles . I recieved this blanket and it was beautiful . The color is neutral and it provided instructions for the perfect swaddle for new parents . The blanket is a great size , not too big not too small and a good weight and feel . Very soft and well made , I really look forward to using it on baby .
 We got this swaddling blanket because of the reviews -LRB- and it cost less at the time than the $ 21 -RRB- . I think I used it only two times because it is just too warm and gives the same swaddle as do our normal receiving blankets . Of course it does have the little hood which is a nice feature . But as I said in the the title
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 I have been using my bundle me for past 3 weeks and really love it . I love taking my daughter for walks and so far she is nice and cozy . During temp in high 20 's and low 30 's I just wrapped her leg in a blanket and she still stayed nice and warm . No need for jacket , yet . Our walks take about 1.5 h. I have Britax b ready stroller and it fits great . Would highly recommend . The true test will be in about one month when we will go to Europe and she will be in it most of the day .
 This is very warm and soft but unfortunately the top part of the Bundle Me does n't have an opening to be able to access the release to tilt the seat up and down . I have the 2009 Vista .
 Perfect for babies born in the cold weather season ... easy to install and wash , baby loves the soft fabric and warmth being in there . Even used it on a couple difficult nights when he 'd wake up when we did n't hold him - just tucked him in the car seat witht he bundle me and that kept him warm like he wanted to be !
 I purchased this hoping that it would fit my BOB Revolution SE stroller . I 'm happy to report that it does ! it would fit a regular stroller better without a doubt , but if still works for a jogging stroller . It keeps my little guy so warm and cozy , he just needs a light jacket and hat for the biter cold new england weather . I love that the outer fabric is lightly wind resistant , always a handy feature ! over all its a great product , I think we 'll be using it for the rest of spring and next fall for sure !
 This product really does its job.it keeps our daughter really warm and dry -LRB- it is water - and wind-proof -RRB- . we got it in a silver color which looks really nice.it has holes for seatbelts.the inside is really soft , they used good quality materials , even that the products price is really low.this is a must buy , especially for cold , winter and autumn days.our little angel loves to sleep in it : -RRB-
 I had the original infant bundle me and loved it so much that I purchased the toddler sized one . The urban bundle me is a lot nicer than the original fleece bundle me . Both have kept my little guy nice and toasty during our brisk winter walks . However , the infant size is quite small and I would recommend you purchase the toddler sized one to be able to use it longer.I 've forgotten my bundle me a couple of times on our walks and regretted it as blankets always fall off the stroller and they do n't keep my little one quite as warm . This also fits perfectly on my Quinny Buzz 4 and Maclaren Quest strollers . My only gripe is that I ordered the ice colored bundle me but it 's more of a light grey than white like pictured . Regardless I love it and highly recommend it .
 I love this product ! It 's so much easier than using a snowsuit or heavy coat . Really soft and cozy material , my daughter loves it !
 Love this ! It gives me much more peace of mind than throwing a blanket over the carseat . This keeps baby extremely warm , maybe too warm , baby only needs a few layers not a coat in this . I looked at other bundle me 's but I loved this one bc it is waterproof - we had to go to his 2 month checkup and it was raining , the drops stayed on the fabric and did n't soak through . It fits good on our Graco Snugrider 32 carseat in Zurich .
 I was so happy to find this product for my baby girl . She is now 19 months and I 've had this for just about a month now . Its fits her stroller perfectly -LRB- I have the Joovy , Kooper -RRB- and it keeps my little one nice and warm . I love the fabric on the inside and how soft and cuddely it is . That lil ` Diva of mines has to stay comfy and warm . I wish I could fit in this thing and have her push me around . All in all great product , good quality for not a lot of money . I already thrown it in the wash and it came out as good as nice . Definitly recommend this product for your TOT .
 Out of all the loads of baby gear I bought - this is by far the best money I spent . I thought , its a little spendy , but super cute . After my preemie came home the 3rd week of November and it was 27 degrees ... I realized how great this thing was . Its super snuggly for her and keeps her warm . No need for a jacket that would mess up her straps ! also in the wind and the rain , to just be able to flip it over her face is so great ! This is way better that the ones with sherpa inside in my opinion . My daughter will be able to use it well into Spring . Not to mention , not a day goes by that I do n't get a compliment on the sack and people asking where I got it . Love it Love it !
 I love this bunting . I have a chicco keyfit , and it fits beautifully in the carseat . It does n't fit like in the picture , but it works . It keeps my baby very warm , which is great in our cold Minnesota winters . I highly recommend it !
 this product is wonderful . I love the fact that it is all attatched and can not fall off when baby kicks . The only dislike i have is that the top sometimes blows off baby 's face when it is windy . would n't be so bad if i had an extra hand to hold it down , but i also have a 2yr old . i wish there were some way of it staying down on it 's own .
 Love this item ! It 's so cozy , soft and WARM . Great for long walks in the stroller . My daughter seems to love it . Though apparently the brown causes everyone to think she 's a boy - she 's got pretty long hair and very petite , so that does n't happen unless she 's in this bundle me ... very weird if you ask me ! But it 's a nice color and , like I said , warm and soft . Just what it should be !
 I bough this product after much consideration -LRB- and nagging my husband telling him we `` really really need one of these '' -RRB- . Since the day we received it , it has been in use everyday . My husband who did n't think it was necessary now thinks it is the best thing we 've bought . There are no more tears as we try & put my son bundled in his jacket in the car seat . He has room to move but he is still very warm . I 'm buying one for our new unborn bundle of joy in the coming months .
 baby shower gift for my new great granddaughter ... mother loved it ... didnt want the usual pink ... it matched her graco disney stroller perfectly .
 I love this bundleme ; its soft , warm and fits perfect . no more need for a million blankets or heavy coats or snowsuits . And my son has tons of room to grow !
 This is a great quality bunting for babies and toddlers . I used it since my son was 6 months old . We use it now when he is 13 months , and will use it for a long time , since it is large enough for older children . I love it because I do not have to dress him up and put shoes on him when I want to run outside . It is great for cold or windy weather outside , because it provides extra protection ; no need for blanket , which falls down.The inside lining is super smooth and cozy . I wash it in the washing machine without any problems . I use it with Britax B-Agile stroller and it works great .
 Easy to get my son in and out of , keeps him warm in the cold windy Wyoming weather !!! Does n't bunch up while putting him in the car .
 This has been great so far ! Fits perfectly on the B-Safe Britax infant carrier . My son stays nice and warm . I like that the top part can come off in you need something to lay him on and I like that you can pull it back when you 're in the car , then cover him to protect him from the chilly weather .
 We have used the bundle me in a Keyfit 30 and a City Select stroller . It was easy to install thanks to the Velcro closures , did keep baby dry in a light sprinkle , and does help to keep baby warm . The materials do not wick / breathe -- if your child runs hot you 'll need to pay attention to sweating and layer clothing accordingly .
 I use this for my 22 month old baby and is perfect for the cold weahter and rain at the same time ... I really enjoy it an recommended .
 I got this for my 2-month-old and it has been great . It is warm enough that we do n't have to bundle our little guy up to the point where he 's smothered when we 're taking him from place to place . The fit is n't perfect , but it does what it says it does .
 Purchased this as a baby shower gift for my daughter-in-law and seeing it used on the carrier is excellent as it keeps the baby toasty and warm . Wish I had one of them when my 30 year old was a baby ! I recommend this to anyone with an infant !
 I purchased this for my 4 month old 's stroller since we are currently in Germany and it 's now freezing ! It keeps him extremely warm and I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this product ! Completely worth it . Now , when we are out walking and going to Christmas markets or shopping I do n't have to bundle him in 100 layers of clothing . I am very happy that we purchased this !
 Our 18 mo old hates wearing winter coats . We were n't sure she would tolerate the Bundleme , but she seems to have connected the fact that it keeps her warm and when she is warm she is more comfortable . We live in the city so we walk a lot and since she is more comfortable in the stroller , the walks are much nicer -LRB- she would get cranky when she was cold probably not even realizing that was the problem - she wo n't wear hats or mittens either ! -RRB- . So the Bundleme has been great for us . .
 This product is awesome - it truly keeps your baby warm ! My son just turned 1 year old and has lots of room to grow into this . If you are thinking - well , a blanket can do the same thing ... you are wrong ! Blankets get kicked off during walks & do not keep in body heat like this does . Also , this goes behind and over your child offering full protection . If you are unsure whether or not to buy this - definitely get it !
 Looks just like the picture and works very well by keeping the new baby nice and warm . Definitely glad that I purchased it .
 I love this product just as much as I did the infant bundleme . It is perfect for walks in the cold weather !
 We love the Urban Bundle Me !! It is a wonderful product and I would highly recommend it ! I was so frustrated with the blanket falling off the car seat all the time and this is the perfect solution !! We live in California so the Urban Bundle Me was a better option than the traditional one -LRB- which I have also but use in the stroller -RRB- it keeps my son nice and warm and shielded from rain and wind . The only negative I think is the zipper which could be better quality.It fit my Peg Prego Car Seat perfectly .
 Do n't be fooled ! This carseat cover is no where near weather proof . That 's not to say it is n't a nice product . I do like it much better than any other cover I 've found . It does keep my 3-month-old nice and warm , however , the flap that goes over her head is not secured by anything . The wind easily catches it and blows it off .
 I ca n't tell you how much I love this product !!! I live in Colorado and we 've had tons of snow/cold weather this winter and now I ca n't even imagine zipping my 4-month-old into a snowsuit . It 's so easy to slip her right it , zip it up and go ! I have appreciated the flap that can fold up or down -- this covers her head as we walk from our car to the door when it is snowing or windy.I chose this urban style over the original because I liked the way it looked , but after having used it a few months there are a few more reasons I like it better.First , it washes beautifully ! The liner stays soft and looks the same as the day I bought it -- unlike sherpa fleece . Second , the outside fabric is waterproof . Once I spilled a small soda on the Bundleme and the soda literally beaded up and poured right off ! It never soaked into the fabric and left a stain .
 We have had the infant BundleMe for all three kids and loved it . Now that our youngest has outgrown the infant size but still does a lot of riding in the stroller , I wanted a bigger one , but one that repels wind and water . I found it all in the Toddler Urban BundleMe . It 's wonderful -- weatherproof , washable , and so soft on the inside that I fight the urge to crawl into it myself ! It also is n't as bulky as the infant size and even fits in both our jogging and McClaren umbrella strollers . I 'd recommend this to anyone , especially those who are outdoors a lot -LRB- we live in the city and walk everywhere -RRB- .
 The Snuggle Me does just that ! It snuggles up your little one and is perfect for those long , cold walks !! It is doing the job of keeping my precious granddaughter all `` snuggled up . ''
 I love my Urban BundleMe and ca n't believe I waited so long to get one ! No longer do I have to struggle with keeping a blanket on my son and worrying about his cold foot since he ALWAYS takes one shoe and sock off when we 're running . It fit his jogging stroller perfectly . We will definitely be buying the Infant version when Baby # 2 comes along .
 I love this bundle me , prevents me from taking a jacket and blanket for Cydney and thats one less thing to carry around
 The stroller blanket arrived quickly and is a nice fabric . I believe my grandchild will be nice and warm with this .
 We have aBOB Revolution SE Single Stroller , Black -LRB- note
 I just bought this Bundle me -LRB- Soho -RRB- at a local retailer and we love it ! We have a 2010 BOB Revolution stroller -LRB- brown/blue -RRB- and it fits fine . The Soho color also looks good with the colors on the BOB . I found it easier to stand behind the stroller and follow the directions for installation on both the flap on the stroller and the directions that came with the Bundle me . It took me 5 minutes to figure it out and complete installation . Now I do n't have to bring a blanket for baby when we are out and about . I think this will work great for our NJ winters . If you live in an even colder climate I would probably go with the warmer Bundle me products , like the Arctic or the one with the fur inside . I love this product and would highly recommend it .
 Love this ! It attaches easily to both my strollers -LRB- First years the wave & Britax B Agile -RRB- and carseat -LRB- chicco key fit 30 -RRB-
 I wish I would 've had one of these with my first baby ! We live in New England where it is COLD in the winter and this keeps the baby so toasty ! I can put him in his seat with just regular clothes on and he is as warm as can be . I 've also had a ton of compliments on how stylish it is . I love that it 's not babyish !
 I bought this for my baby so I would n't have to be bundling her up all the time when going to and from daycare and out and about . It is so warm and soft and I am very happy with my purchase ! My baby is warm as toast when I take her out of her carseat . The only thing I would change is that it would be nice if I had the option to zip it up further . My baby still needs a hat and a blanket when going out in the cold even for a few minutes because she will push the top of the cover off every time I try to cover her head with it .
 I bought the JJ Cole Infant Bundle Me for my 3 month old daughter . I was tired of trying to bundle her with blankets only to have her kick them off . Coats are n't recommended due to the harness restraint so I searched for car seat covers . I really like this product since it fits in the carset with a soft fleece and covers your baby . I like that the flap allows you to see your baby and cover him/her whenever you need it . The only thing I 'm not too thrilled about is that it does n't seem to fit the inside of the carseat as it shows in the picture . We have the Chicco Keyfit infant seat-which seems to be deeper and a little bigger than other infant seats . Overall , it 's a great purchase and I highly recommend it !
 My son was born in January , so his Infant Bundle Me was an absolute lifesaver for our walks outside and trips to the doctor . Now he 's 9 months and winter is rolling around again , but he outgrew his Infant Bundle Me . So I went ahead and bought the Toddler Bundle Me . At first I thought is it really worth it considering he 's gon na be in a snow suit ? Well we just had our coldest day of the year and let me tell you , YES IT 'S WORTH IT ! I was so grateful for the Bundle Me when it was freeeeeezing outside and my little guy was so cozy and looked so comfortable sleeping peacefully in his stroller . Me and my husband wanted to be him at that moment !!! But , I have one minor complaint -LRB- not even worth deducting a star from my 5 star rating -RRB- -- the back of the Toddler Bundle Me has a `` hood '' with an elastic band that is supposed to hug the back part of the stroller 's seat . This was NOT in the Infant Bundle Me so I was a little disappointed they added this . I have a Graco Metrollite stroller and the back of the seat is not flat -- it has contouring wings on the sides for added head support ... and the `` hood '' does not fit over the seat properly . So we just do n't use it and just lay it flat . It does n't fall or anything . I do n't know what I 'd do without the Bundle Me ! I love it !
 This has been a FABULOUS product to have . We use it on our stroller in place of blankets since my son liked to kick them off . It 's snuggly , warm , and extremely well-made . I 'll try it this winter on his carseat to see how we like it ... might save having to use snowpants ? Worth every penny !
 This has been a godsend . Our son was born in Sept. 2009 and we have had this on his carseat since October . We do n't have to worry about trying to put him in a coat and hoping to god the straps fit over him . I walk with him daily -LRB- even when it 's 20 degrees -RRB- in his stroller and when we get home he still toasty warm . This is a great product and I plan to buy the toddler version as well !
 We use this all the time on walks when it is cold outside . My daughter really likes snuggling in it when we are on walks . It also keeps her VERY warm .
 Have you ever tried to get your infant into a jacket , snowsuit or thick blanket and then into the carseat straps ? Not so easy huh ? Well this fabulous product saved me from that headache - although I tried just to see if it really was that difficult!I love that I can put my now 9 month old into the carseat with the bundle me and zip her up ! Thats it ! the front covers her face if it is windy and she is warm and cozy inside ! On especially cold days or when she is dressed for cute rather than cold I put an extra blanket on her inside the bundle me and she cant throw it off!I have the lite version which I used all spring and summer -LRB- air conditioned car -RRB- and now this one for the fall and winter!Some have commented on how easy it is to move baby in the bundle me from carseat to stroller - I have to disagree I would just get a second one for the stroller . The velcro in the back that holds it into the carset will wake up a sleeping baby if you try to remove the whole thing with baby inside.A great product !
 I also own the Bundle me w/fluffy heavy winter liner & we could not have lived without it ! I was excited to see this trendy,light-weight , weather resistant version for spring . I 'll admit I would not have purchased this had it not been on the wrong shelf at $ 39.99 . My $ 59.99 dismay soon evaporated-it is so sleek and functional ! No more struggling with bulky snowsuits , jackets and sweaters -LRB- which never seem to fit baby anyway -RRB- Easily unzips so as not to overheat . LOVE the little pocket for binky . Velcro back openings make it easy to switch to stroller -LRB- No need to buy two ! -RRB-
 I live in Major Northeast City and am currently on an extended visit to another . It gets really , really cold . When I first unwrapped this BundleMe , I thought it felt thin , but it 's proved to be quite insulating and it 's done a great job keeping the baby warm even when the weather is below freezing and windy and we 're out for a long walk -- and we do n't own a car , so we take a lot of long walks . If it 's in the forties , my baby 's perfectly warm in a hat and a sweater , no coat needed.Also , contrary to what some other reviewers write , it absolutely does fit the Baby Jogger City Mini . Undo the rubbery Velcro tabs around the handlebar , then undo the second set of Velcro tabs underneath those . The elastic loop on the Bundle Me slides over the backrest . Redo the Velcro tabs and go . You can even recline the backrest all the way .
 We bought this to use with our Uppa G-Luxe on a recent trip . It was easy to put on and take off the stroller because the back slips over the stroller seat and the Bundle Me has velcro-closing slots that allow for the straps on the stroller to be easily fed through . The outer fabric of the Bundle Me is easily wiped clean after sticky toddler fingers have been touching it . It is the perfect size - big enough to fit our tall toddler and allow for lots of growth room , and yet not too big that it was dragging on the ground -LRB- something I initially worried about -RRB- . When we returned home we discovered we are also able to use in on our `` walking stroller '' - the Bumbleride Indie . It does basically serve the same purpose as a blanket tucked around a child , but it is so much easier than trying to keep a blanket tucked in around a wiggly child!We got this in `` Ice '' and it seems to be pretty true in color to the photo - an off-white/very light light grey with a darker grey , super-soft , interior .
 I own 2 of these - one for each stroller . It is so convenient for keeping my daughter toasty without having to mess with bulky sweaters and coats that will only need removing once we reach our destination . Also saves me the trouble of having to wake her - I can just peel back the top cover , or zip it off altogether . Also , I 've received countless compliments on how stylish and practical it is , not to mention water resistent , which is great for Seattle !
 I love this item . It really works well in February winter weather . I bought 4 snowsuits and I have n't used one for our newborn because snowsuits are tedious . I am able to put her in her car seat , put a blanket inside and put a hat on her . Forget the suits and mittens . I cover her with the cover and she sleeps in the dark and warmth soundly . Also , it prevents people from touching her all of the time because they ca n't see her when I cover her up . The only problem is that this item did n't fit well with the newest Peg Perego infant car seats . I made it work , but it does n't fit perfectly . It worked with the old Peg Perego car seat , but not the newest one . I loved this item so much that I 've made it work , though . It is n't perfect , but it works . It actually is so much better than Peg Perego 's cover , which came with the car seat . This cover has made my life pretty easy . I found it easy to put on the Peg Perego . I love the color . It zips up easily . It is soft . Isabella seems to like to snuggle in it . It is comfy for her . Be aware , though , I live in Salt Lake City , UT . Our winters are mild . If you have colder winters , you may want to add a snowsuit . Still , it is worth the money ! I am glad I bought it .
 I bought the JJ Cole Urban Toddler Bundle Me-Soho for my daughter Emily Jade and `` we '' love it . This saves so much time in the morning and we all learn fast how important that is with kids ! Even though she is only 10mos I bought the toddler size so that it could be used for more than a season since it is a more expensive item . The extra room will be perfect for next year 's longer legs ! It fits her infant carseat fine . The wind and water resistant material makes it nice that you do not need a separate cover in bad weather . And it washes off easily - like when you rub the car seat down a dirty car when trying to get everything loaded :-RRB- At the same time , the inside is so soft and warm that she loves to cuddle with it when taking a nap in the car . I also like that the zippers are at the sides so there is no worry of cold , hard or rough pieces irritating her chin . She stays so toasty that I do not need to use gloves anymore -LRB- still need a hat -RRB- . It is also helpful for faster escapes from places . You just zip the baby in and then you can tighten straps in the car while avoiding public meltdowns ! I would highly recommend this item . It is a real time saver .
 We live in California and we were planning a trip with our 7 month old to NYC . We knew it would be really cold and wanted to get the best things to keep our baby warm . This was recommended by my coworker and I can not tell you how great this product is!It is very easy to put , just pull the strap behind your car seat and pull the straps through the slots and re-Velcro and you are done . Do n't worry that the blanket is n't covering he whole car seat , just need it to cover your baby.Pros
 This is a wonderful product , it looks great , is really warm and it will be used until the child is 3-4 years or for as long as he is in the stroller , great product !
 We live in a windy and cold town , and the wind was always blowing my son 's blanket off , as well as being bulky and annoying . This perfectly fit his Chicco Keyfit 30 seat , zips on , and kept him warm throughout rain/snow .
 Really good item . Baby is snug as a bug and material is really soft . I would definitely rate this item with top marks . It is not water proof -- probably shower proof at most . It does act as an effective wind proof shell .
 We bought this for our 9 month old as she DID NOT care for her one piece snowsuit that we had for her . She loves not having to be all bundled up anymore . She has plenty of space to move around in the Bundle Me , including plenty of space for her legs to wiggle -LRB- she is 27 '' tall -RRB- . The Bundle Me is nice & warm for little ones , however we still dress our daughter in a sweatshirt and throw a light weight blanket over the Bundle Me since she likes to flip the top of the cover down and gets exposed to the cold weather , hence the 4 star rating . Wish it had Snaps or Velcroe to secure the top down .
 I put off getting this and now I wonder why I did n't get it as soon as my daughter grew out of the infant bundleme . It 's so soft and fits all my strollers well . My daughter -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- loves going out in her `` bumble me '' .
 Brought this for my neice after having brought the light one when her baby was born in April . She loves it for she does n't have to bundle the baby up with heavy coat ; snow suit or blankets . This does it all for her and keeps the baby warm ! Highly reccomend it ! You wo n't be sorry !
 I really like this item , they sell for way more here in Canada -LRB- like 70 $ plus tax for the infant one -RRB- , even with duties and shipping . The price is not outrageous like some of the other bag I saw like 7 AM . The child is warm -LRB- she does not like mittens -RRB- as the zipper goes as high as needed , it is easier to board the child and it fits on our regular Pliko P3 stroller . It gets cold here so this is a great addition . My daughter is tall for a 12 months old and it will last for another winter I believe which is what is expected . The black colour goes well with anything . I do n't see too many on the streets but I am glad we have it as my daughter looks comfy .
 Nice fabric , soft and warm.I am taking away one star because this is NOT compatible with the City Mini stroller . Because of the design of the City Mini seatback , you can not use the elastic strap on the JJ Cole to secure the top of the JJ Cole to the City Mini . As a result the JJ Cole will keep flopping down from the top , and get bunched up under your baby 's neck at inconvenient times . Not something you want to be dealing with . The workarounds that are listed here by other users are not complete solutions . The workaround of attaching the strap to the frame by removing the canopy does not allow you to easily lower the City Mini seatback to the full reclined position.What I did was attach velcro to the back of the JJ Cole and also to the seatback of the City Mini . This is the perfect solution to the problem , but its more work than most will want to do .
 I FINALLY found an accessory to my First Years Wave stroller !!! I live in Florida , but it 's been abnormally cold so I got this for my son when we are out at night at Disney , etc. . It fits PERFECTLY in the bassinet/seat of the stroller . There is velcro to fit the 5-point harness through so it truly is a universal fit . The top is gathered to fit around the rim of the stroller , and the elastic strap adds extra security to keep it from slipping downward -LRB- not a problem so far , even for my wiggly 22 pound baby -RRB- . The color is great . The grey interior is super soft and does n't stay super cold . The exterior is water resistant , and even tonight in heavy fog and 99 % humidity , it did n't get wet or cold . The zippers go way high up , so on my stroller it is zipped only 3/4 , but I 'm glad when my baby is older it ' l be able to go right up to his chin ! The product look nice and sleek and I 'm so glad I bought it . I was worried about it making a rustling noise or the inside being not nice enough , but my doubts were unfounded . Love love this !
 I purchased this after I could n't stand trying to keep blankets from blowing off my son when carrying him in the infant carseat to and from the vehicle . The inner lining is so soft and comfortable , and preferred over the sheep lining -LRB- that gets `` pilly '' over time from washing -RRB- . I was concerned if he would get overheated , but he has n't -LRB- I zip down one side of the cover once he 's secure in the vehicle . -RRB- And even on the coldest winter days in Wisconsin , he remained cozy inside the BundleMe . Two thumbs up !
 I love this stroller bundler . I walk my kids to school , and since winter started my toddler has been so cold . Not since I got this ! I avoided buying it because of the price -LRB- thinking I could just stack blankets on him and call it good -RRB- , but he always pulled the blankets off , or they fell off , or the wind blew them off , and he would never keep his hands tucked in . I slip him into this bundler , zip it up , and he is toasty warm to matter what . It is cozy and soft and I could n't ask for more !
 Very soft material , convenient pockets placed in the outside , the color is a light silver , just what i wanted , my baby loves it too !
 We purchased this for our newborn due in late Nov and it 's been great !! Who knew we 'd have record cold temps in NC and luckily we 're prepared . No need for coats and blankets galore to go out . Our little guy stays warm as toast - no matter how cold it is outside !
 I love this thing my son stays warm even in 10 degree weather its amazing and I do n't have to haul a bunch of blankets
 I love the bundle me line . I used the original one with my daughter and when my son was born I needed a new one . I chose the the urban bundle me because it was water proof . The winters in Pa can be very windy and wet . It has performed beautifully keeping my little guy toast and dry . I will never go back to trying to wrangle an infant into a carseat with a snow suit .
 We bought this for our son as it gets really cold in Chicago . The toddler size fits our son perfect and he has fallen asleep in it on more than one occassion as he ges snuggled in toasty warm . It fit our Chicco stroller with no troubles . A +
 It keeps my baby very comfortable and warm . She does like to be snuggled tightly with blankets and the bundle me is perfect because there is room for her to move legs and feet around . Is is soft to touch so its gentle on baby skin . The bundle me is easily attached to the stroller and is a machine washable . It really is a must have for winter .
 We use public transportation , so my one year old is in the stroller in all kinds of weather . The bundle me is much easier to use than covering her in blankets , which usually get kicked off . It keeps her warm and dry even in the coldest , wettest weather . It 's a little pricey , but worth it if you are going to be using a stroller a lot during winter .
 It 's so warm and cozy ! He usually gets too hot and I 'm never worried about him getting cold . Very happy
 I absolutely love this and would recommend it to anyone . The color is awesome ! My baby is so comfortable in it as well . Great product !
 My toddler HATES coats . She hates them so much that I am completely unable to get her to wear one , even in cold weather . When I discovered that the Bundleme had a toddler version I decided to give it a try . My daughter loves that she does n't have to wear a coat and loves snuggling into the soft inside of the Bundleme . I am a happy mom because she is warm and happy . A win win ! The fabric wipes clean on the outside and is nice and soft on the inside . It washes well and has lasted for over about a year . I expect it to last many more to come . It was a great purchase !
 This product was recommended by a family member and I absolutely love it ! A must have for cold weather !! : - -RRB-
 These really are the greatest things ever . So much easier than getting your little one into all sorts of outerwear every time you need to run an errand . I purchased it in `` Stealth . '' Highly recommend .
 I planned on ordering his but a family member surprised me by purchasing off our registry after my delivery . We are so glad we have it . We live in upstate NY and it gets very cold here . Blanket 's are not only a pain but also risky if they move around near her face . The JJ Cole makes it easy for her to stay bundled and warm . She is only 3 weeks old and is still small for it but she will quickly grow into it . I have read other reviews that it does n't work with the BOB stroller but we wo n't be putting her in the main area of the BOB until she is much bigger so she would outgrow the infant size by that time . Love the pink , it 's so cute .
 I bought this product in different colors for my grandchildren.after hearing that they love it so much I bought one for my home.It 's very easy to use.it washes well it keeps the child warm.the part I love the most that it fits every stroller and car seat.i bought it in a few colors they are all pretty ones.The zippers work well and I use it also as a blanket when I remove one piece.It fits a big child so you really get your money 's worth on this cover.My son is having his first baby very soon this will be his first gift from me .
 When I had my preemie I was looking for something that would keep him comfortable and warm . He was very uncomfortable in the carseat even with the extra padding so my mom purchased this and it did wonders ! He loves it so much even in the warm weather he needs the back cushion to make things extra comfy . Love how soft and how easy it is to wash and all the lovely colors . Definitely recommend this !
 I have the brown chicco liteway stroller and I bought this when me and my son -LRB- one and a half -RRB- where going up to Portland/Vancouver -LRB- wa -RRB- to visit my parents . I just fit the elastic seat cover over the top of the seat in my stroller and it fit pretty well I had no issue with it sliding off and my son is a squrimer ! He loved the softness and easily fell asleep on outings . The outer shell drys super fast and I love that you can in zip both sides . It 's the perfect blanket it dosent drag and can easily be folded up with the stroller . I 'm buying one for my friend who is moving to Seattle . A MUST HAVE for mommies in rainy states !!!! Oh btw the little pocket is perfect for binkeys or hot wheels
 This was exactly what we were looking for ! It looked great & kept my son warm & dry in his infant car seat/carrier all winter long without having to put bulky jackets or snowsuits on him . I received many compliments on this item . It was so much easier to shop with him in this versus a heavy snowsuit , simply unzip without having to unfasten or take the baby out of the carrier ! I would recommend this product to anyone & plan on using this in the future if I have another baby .
 We bought this item as our daughter was born in October and knew we would need something to keep her warm all winter . The Bundle Me makes it easy to keep baby warm , without having to ensure that the baby is wearing warm clothing underneath as it acts as a ` sleeping bag ' for your car seat . There is also a handy zippered pocket on the outside , good for storing things when you 're on the go . Highly recommend this item if you are going to be carrying around a baby in the winter months !
 We bought a different foot muff before this one , and the JJ Cole is a million times better . It easily can fit on any stroller -LRB- using velcro openings -RRB- - we use it on a double MacLaren stroller and our Baby Jogger jogging stroller . It has plenty of room for older toddlers -LRB- I 'm sure even a 3 or 4 year old could use it -RRB- . It 's super soft , warm and easy to clean . I think if you lived in a very cold climate where it 's regularly -20 , you may want something even warmer but you could just put snowpants on undernearth for the extra warmth .
 This is a great product , excellent quality , super soft and easy to put on and take off . Comfortable and pretty ! The only issue I personally have with mine is that I do n't think it fits my Orbit stroller properly . I still need to double check and try fitting it better but It might just be that it 's not fitted exactly for this stroller . Either way , I am using it losely under the seat that comes in the stroller and it works out great ! I definitely recommend this product ! I also have two other JJ Cole covers for infant seats and I love them !
 I 've used the old bundle me for quite some time and decided to invest in the new one . This is so much better . It 's super soft and warm . My son always falls asleep as soon as I put him in it . I do recommend getting the toddler size though . A friend of mine got the infant one and her son barely fits it at 6 months .
 My twins were born in November . At the beginning I was dressing them up in heavy coats and they hated being dressed so warmly and buckled up on top of that . However , after I saw a friend using her bundle-me , I remembered that I got one for a baby shower . I put one of my babies in it , and all he had on was a bodysuit and a fleece pajamas . He loved it ! It was light , but very warm . I went ahead and bought another one for my daughter . Now , that 's all we are using even in the coldest days of the winter -LRB- and this winter in New England was brutal -RRB- . A couple of times I even went for lengthy walks with the twins in the snap-n-go having twins in their fleece and bundle-mes . They were just fine . I strongly recommend this item for fall through mid spring babies .
 I am so glad I bought this after moving to Colorado . Perfect for short transport to and from car in the cold Colorado weather . Keeps our little one nice and cozy .
 I love this product . It fits nicely in the car seat and allows me to quickly exit the house to drop off my older two at preschool without having to put a coat on the baby and pile blankets on her . I do put a blanket in there so she stays warm since there would be pockets of air that could make her cold . The product is great . It looks fantastic as well , at least in the ice color .
 We are really happy with this product . We have the infant bundle me that does n't have the more protective cover , and like this one much better .
 The Bundle Me is a great purchase . All of my friends are jealous of it . It keeps my tall 15 month old super warm with just a sweatshirt on . My toddler loves it . It fits my umbrella stroller -LRB- Mia Moda Veloce-another great purchase -RRB- . I highly recommend this product . We also put it on our toddler car seat when it 's frigid outside . Works great !
 I had one of these in the infant size , and decided to buy this for my toddler . It was wonderful at keeping her warm , and made it possible to go around without stuffing her in and out of a snowsuit all the time . It 's a great wind blocker as well . The stitching has come a bit loose on the quilting at the bottom , but it has been used a lot , and it does n't affect the functionality .
 It 's nice and soft . No place for wet boots though . I 'd take off shoes before putting my daughter in so as not to ruin the inside though it says it 's washable . I do worry about my daughter outgrowing it , but for $ 35 , if it lasts only one winter , it 's worth it to me because we live in a city and will be using this everyday . This was what I expected and shipped quickly .
 This works great in my BOB stroller . I live in Seattle so it 's pretty rainy and you ca n't let that stop you , but I wanted to keep my daughter warm on days when I went to Stroller Strides in nastier weather . It 's easy to thread in the straps . The biggest problem is my daughter wo n't stick her hands underneath it and wo n't wear gloves , but that 's not JJ Cole 's fault .
 It does keep my 22 month old warm during morning walks , however , it does n't fit perfectly on the BOB stroller . . I recommend it for other strollers , not the BOB stroller .
 It matches exactly to the color on her bugaboo cameleon . . and it keeps her warm and it cleans easily if anything is spilt on it .
 This is my 3 rd bundleme . I love these they are stylish , warm and cozy . I love this.color because it matches my stroller .
 This kept my little one perfectly cozy on our trip to NYC in December - much better than piling on coats and blankets . It was easy to use and fit easily into her car seat/stroller . My one issue would be that the folded over bit of the top piece does n't fasten down in some way . During some gusty winds it kept flying back over my baby 's head so I was constantly checking to make sure it was down and out of the way . If we were using it more constantly I 'm sure we could find a way to fix this , but otherwise a great product .
 We are a family who goes on walks all year round ... sun , rain , snow ... we walk . I did not want our little one to be cold , and blankets usually get kicked off and then run over by the yucky stroller wheels . This Toddler Bundleme was the perfect solution . It is always in our stroller so when we are ready to walk , it 's ready too . I still bundle the baby up in winter gear and slip her in and zip it up . We refer to it as her &#34; sleeping bag &#34; . It 's the perfect weight so it 's not too hot , but keeps her toasty and free of drafts as we stroll along . We also are a big fan of the small infant bundleme that was in her infant carrier . Great inventions ! If you are the type to be out and about during the cold months -LRB- or in rain -RRB- , this is a must ! You wo n't regret it !
 This is exactly what I wanted . I needed something to keep my grandson warm on cold morning walks . It attached easily to the stroller , does n't slip or move and he ca n't kick it off . I still put a jacket on him because he likes his arms out . I highly recommend this product and will definitely purchase an infant one for the next grandchild .
 nice material ! keeps my baby warm ! Ice is the best color fit the black stroller I think ! It looks better than you think !
 great bundle but doest work great with city baby stroller.id impossible to set it in a way that it want move
 I LOVE this - this has to be one of the best baby products for winter . I live in Texas , so would n't think I 'd need this , but we 've had a cold spell , and this thing is a dream . I bought for our upcoming winter trip to New York , but I 'm so glad it arrived early . It 's really cozy and I can go for a run or out on errands and my baby stays warm and toasty without overheating . It 's super soft and snuggly . My baby is 7.5 months , but long for her age , so I went ahead and got the toddler size . It 's a little long , but I look forward to using it for years to come .
 I love this bunting!I have owned two &#34; classic &#34; BundleMes in the infant size , but this is my first toddler one , and first &#34; Urban BundleMe &#34; , and I love everything about it . - It 's soft , but not staticy . - It 's nicely plush . - It 's wind/weather resistant . - the elastic &#34; cap &#34; at the top keeps it from sliding down , an issue that I have with my infant size JJ Cole Classic BundleMe . - the small pocket is perfect for keys , ID and a few dollars - all you need if you 're going for a run to the store . - It zips up HIGH . With my daughter seated and it zippered fully , she was covered up to her chin.My daughter , 4 , is nearly 40 &#34; tall and fits VERY comfortably in the Toddler size , and it could easily be sized down to fit my 15 month old by simply moving the seat straps and adjusting the velcro to match .
 I bought this because I liked that it gave me a lot more access to get our baby in and out of the car seat . It certainly does that , but it is also very well made and very warm ! I also like how we could use this in a stroller or other device that would carry our baby ! Love it and wish I would have had it for the other two of my kids !
 This item exceeded my expectations . I was able yo attach it just fine to the baby jogger city mini and still can recline the seat . My 18 month old is nice and warm in it , during New England winters . I know that when we take a walk , he 's nice and warm . A lot less expensive than the baby jogger burning .
 We love this ! We got it for our baby trend carseat and it fits perfectly and the color matches perfectly . It 's like a sleeping bag for babies and keeps our little one super warm and cozy without sacrificing safety .
 I bought this for use with my City Mini . I 'm psyched because this is another item that I was able to install myself . It has an extremely elasticized top that I was able to stretch over the top of the stroller . I did n't have to take the canopy off at all . It was also important to me to be able to keep the bundle me attached to the stroller ; I did n't want to have to take it off and on . I am able to do just that ; I can keep this on and still gain access to the mechanism that allows you to open and close the stroller so easily.FYI - Your child 's face is left uncovered , so you will need a hat for your child 's head and ears or a hat/ear muff combo.By the way , my daughter is 5 months old , and I bought the toddler version , and it works just fine . I could n't see spending this amount of money and only being able to use it this season . I 'm ecstatic that I did this ... happy to see that it 's keeping her toasty now and that there 's room for her to grow.The only thing is that I have yet to figure out how to recline her seat with the bundle me attached . A previous reviewer wrote that this could be done , so I 'll just keep playing with it.I get so excited when I make a great purchase , especially one for my daughter - this was an excellent purchase.Did I mention that she looks so darn cute and cozy ?
 This was so good to use in the winter . I could just cover her up and go . On the cold days -LRB- 20 degrees and below -RRB- I did put her in a thin fleece snow suit and I also used this . To prevent cool air from coming through the opening I would just put a blanket over the cover . When we got to daycare all I did was unzip it , while other parents struggled with snowsuits . It fix perfectly over my Graco car seat .
 I was nervous about the size because my 3 year old is very tall . We have 2 toddler bundle me 's that are the same size -LRB- 1-3 years -RRB- -- but this one is definitely longer ! I am very happy with the urban bundle me .
 I live in Minnesota and babysit my nephew on a part time basis . He is carted across town to my house a few afternoons a week . Little baby 's mom and dad work for the police department and have installed this infant Bundle Me into his car seat . It seems completely snug and safe . I 'm sure they would n't have used it if they felt is was n't safe . Baby mama used to be a part of car seat installation/safety events.The back of the cover has lots of notches to accommodate different types of car seats . The plastic zipper will not get cold in winter and the zipper pull is large and bulky - which is a good thing . This is perfect for moms and dads who only have one hand to unzip . Parents are pros at doing everything one handed , but it helps when designers accommodate this need.My only compliant is I wish the zipper itself was made of a hard plastic instead of metal . This is intended for use in the winter and metal gets cold.A wonderful product to use in cold weather climates .
 I really love the JJCole Bundleme . It is easy to transfer from the car seat to a stroller and it keeps my little ones from the cold . I have twin girls so I bought 2 and I use it mostly on the double stroller . I will say though that at times the girls try to to get out of it since they are not entirely use to it . That is sometimes an issue but overall the product is superb . I would recommed buying one -LRB- or two -RRB- .
 Great for winter use ! Works better in carseat than it does in our strollers -LRB- Kolcraft-due to straps in strollers -RRB- , but it did keep our daughter super warm during Christmas in Park outing !
 Very easy to install and keeps our 8 month old baby daughter warm and cozy . I definitely recommend getting the toddler size even if you have an infant for the following seasons .
 This Bundleme Wasabi is wonderful !! It is so convenient , I would not want to be without it for any baby . The inside of it is very soft and comfortable . It keeps my 6 month old daughter toasty warm which is much needed here in Chicago . I like it so much more than having to put on her bulky coat everywhere we go . I just lay her in this , slip on a hat , zip up the Wasabi and go ! I highly recommend this if you live somewhere where the temps go below the 30s .
 I love the bundle me ! I use it in my jogging stroller and it fits in great . My son is always warm and snuggly so I never have an excuse to get out there and run .
 Although expensive , the JJ Cole Bundle Me is a great investment . I receive a lot of compliments on the one I use for our daughter . No more worrying about scraping baby blankets along dirty cars as you maneuver in the garage with the car seat . Our daughter appreciates having less bulk in her seat as well ! The Bundle Me is the best quality of car seat covers you 'll find . Buying the cheap brands only costs more in the end when you buy the authentic Bundle Me.My only warning
 Overall we are quite happy with the BundleMe , which fits perfectly into our infant car seat -LRB- Graco SnugRide -RRB- . The product is of good quality , though the zippers are not running very smoothly . Regarding its design , the only downside we see is that the front part is very loose , making it difficult to get a tight enough fit around baby 's neck and shoulders to keep him warm in colder weather . Bottom line , however , is that it is a good product that we can recommend .
 The Bundle Me is a nice accessory to have during the cold winter months . It attaches very easily to the carseat , and I can leave all the extra blankets at home -LRB- except for a light one -RRB- . This particular model is wind and rain resistant , which is nice for keeping my little one dry . It 's a great concept ; kudos to whomever invented it!I do have 2 complaints though . First , it 's not as effective for younger babies . My daughter is just 7 weeks old , and I do n't zip up all the way . This keeps the fabric out of her face . I will use one light blanket until she is bigger and the Bundle Me is a bit more snug around her . Secondly , the zippers are n't as smooth as I 'd like them to be . They occasionally catch the fabric on the inside , so zipping up is sometimes more work , and always when I 'm in a hurry!But overall , I 'm glad I bought this . It 's nice having a barrier against the wind , rain and cold with just one item .
 this bunting is soft on the inside and like a breaker on the outside . it 's well constructed and a good buy for a newborn . it looks and feels better than other carriers out there .
 Bought this for my grandson 's carseat . It will keep him toasty warm without wearing a bulky heavy snowsuit . It transitions to the carriage when that is the mode of transportation .
 My sitter asked me to replace my carseat cover with a Bundle Me . I did n't want to because the ones I had seen were fuzzy and not waterproof like the cover I had . I got online and I found that the Urban style was waterproof and not fuzzy . Got a great deal so I ordered it . We are soooo happy with it and so is the babe ! So comfy , so soft , perfect size -LRB- we have a Chicco carrier -RRB- . I think this will be my new baby gift , because everyone should have one ! -LRB- the urban style that is ! -RRB-
 We purchased the infant cover after constantly dropping blankets or having them blow off the carseat when outside . The JJ Cole has been a good choice . Its very easy to install . Its very cozy . It unzips all the way off if a day turns warmer than when it started , or vice verse . The only downside to this was when I washed it , some of the quilt stitching came undone . It was not major , and I do expect this to last the entire winter .
 I CAME ACCROSS THIS STEALTH DIDNT EVEN KNOW A PRODUCT LIKE THIS WAS OUT THERE . I 'M A FIRST TIME PARENT AND HATE HOW PEOPLE LOOK WHEN THEY HAVE ALL KINDS OF BLANKETS HANGING OVER THEIR BABY IN THE CAR SEAT OR STROLLER . I BOUGHT THIS ITEM I 'VE USED IT WITH MY CAR SEAT AND IT WORKS GREAT . I LIVE IN THE DESERT AND THE WEATHER IS CRAZY AT TIMES . SOMETIMES ITS REALLY HOT AND THEN IN A COUPLE OF HOURS THE WIND KICKS UP AND IT GETS COLD . YOU JUST NEVER KNOW ESPECIALLY DURING THE SEASON CHANGE LIKE RIGHT NOW . IT 'S GREAT BECAUSE I CAN UNZIP THE TOP LAYER IF IT 'S WARM AND COVER MY BABY IF THE WIND KICKS IN . AND I DO N'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT CARRYING BLANKETS JUST IN CASE . IT 'S NOT ONLY WIND RESISTANT ITS WATER RESISTANT AS WELL . EVERYBODY WHO SEE 'S IT LOVES IT . IT 'S A GREAT PRODUCT . AND I HAVE HIGH EXPECTATIONS . IT 'S WORTH THE MONEY .
 Our baby was born in early October and we put the Bundleme on her carrier immediately . We live in Chicago and have had warm weather -LRB- 75 degrees -RRB- and cold weather -LRB- 10 below -RRB- since then . We love this cover . The top easily zips off for those rare warm days or if we are strolling though the mall . It also has kept her very warm and toasty on cold windy days . The day when it was 10 below freezing , she was zipped up in the cover with only a winter hat on and your typical outfit . I was concerned for her warmth , but when we unzipped her she was as toasty warm as could be . We have not had to buy a winter jacket . It has also kept her dry through a couple of rain storms.I have gotten numerous compliments on this cover -LRB- almost every time we take her out -RRB- and it still looks like new , even though many things have gotten spilled on it . I would highly recommend this product .
 It is hard when you have an infant to secure them in their car seat with a huge snowsuit on . I found myself dredding going out because my daughter would look like an eskimo in her car seat . I was delighted when I found the Urban Me Bundle . I do n't have to worry about bundling her up in heavy gear when we go out . We just put on her hat and go . The Urban Me Bundle gives your child enough breathing room as well as providing warmth and comfort . It helps too that it is rain resistant . I have received many compliments on my Urban Me Bundle and found it to be a wise investment . It really does n't compare to the other ones that are on the market because you can definitely see the difference in quality of the fabric inside and out .
 We originally registered for the original bundle me . When the urban bundle me came out , we changed our registry . Now that our bundle of joy is here , I 'm glad we have the bundle me . We are able to buckle our baby in without needing a heavy coat or bunting , making the straps fit better -LRB- and safer -RRB- . Also , the outside of the urban bundle me is waterproof ... personally put to use during a rain storm just a few days ago . I will definitely be making a Bundle me lite purchase in the near future ... I just wish they would come out with a Lite in the Urban style .
 This is a must for any parent that lives in a cold climate , we use this item on a daily basis and I could not imagine having to struggle with my newborn trying to get her into a snowsuit . I have had many comments on how cute the bundle me is and have found that is washes up very nicely , and provides the utmost in convienence .
 I have a single Bob Revolution stroller from 2011 and this works just fine . Is it the most seamless fit ever ? Maybe not . But all parts of the safety straps fit through the openings as they should , the top slips on as it should ... I have no complaints and it keeps my daughter super toasty on chilly morning walks .
 i love this ! easy to fit into britax b-safe car seat , looks warm & comfortable , easy to take the top off if too warm , machine washable . best part is that baby had a poop explosion the other day and most was caught in the bundle me , rather than flowing into the car seat grooves - yuck , but not as bad to clean up as it could have been ... my baby is 9 pounds now and fits in it very well - it will fit her for a while !
 I have lived in cold climates for each of my kids , and have hated the dreaded bundle up and squeeze into the carseat routine . It makes traveling so much easier now that I can leave baby without a big bunting and know she 'll be warm and cozy . The zippers are great - almost 6 months of use every single day and not a problem . I have washed it several times and it looks like new and has held up wonderfully . I have used it on windy days , when I was a bit sceptical about it being windproof , and it stood the test . Moving it from the carseat to the stroller is a sinch with the velcro closures in the back . I do n't have any cons to list this has been such a great item for us .
 I own the Original Bundle me and bought this new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside either bundleme , but having the bundle me definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.Another point to make is that I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme Graphite
 This is not a basic item . You can do without it but if you have enough gift cards and can swallow the price -- ITS GREAT ! The feel inside is soft/warm but not bunched up and hot . Outside is weather resistant and easy to clean .
 Similar to a previous reviewer , we also recommend that people buy the toddler size cover instead of infant . Our baby outgrew an infant cover by 8 months , so we purchased this next . We 've been very happy with it since.It fits our Maclaren Quest stroller perfectly , have n't had a problem with it slipping off at all . To make it more comfortable , we added a plush head support to the shoulder straps inside of the cover -LRB- Cradler Adjustable Head Support For Newborns To Toddlers , also available on Amazon -RRB- . When going outside , we tuck the top edge of the cover under our little one 's chin & the sides of the head support . It provides turtleneck type protection & warmth without the worries of a scarf . When the Bundleme is used this way , along with a fleece hat that has ear flaps , our baby is as snug as a bug in a rug ! And this is in the north , when it 's -10 C outside -LRB- or more -RRB- . Add the rain cover to the stroller to reduce any further windchill & we have no worries that junior is cold.You wo n't be disappointed with this product .
 I was n't sure if this Urban Toddler Bundle Me would fit the BOB Revolution jogging Stroller since I 've seen conflicting reviews . We just bought a BOB last week and thought we 'd take a chance with this cozy looking blanket/footmuff . Thank goodness it fits the BOB stroller . I 'm looking forward to taking our LO running and having him not get cold -LRB- with this along with the weather shield -RRB- . We have the brown/blue stroller and the Soho -LRB- brown -RRB- Bundle Me looks sharp in it - a pretty good color match for being two different companies . So , for the record , this bundle me fits the BOB Revolution . Whew .
 We have both an Urban and the Lite Bundle Me . I 'm glad we bought both ! The thicker Urban has been great in the colder weather . It 's thicker , and so stiffer , than the Lite , which makes it easier for me to zip up in the carseat and then fold the ` flap ' down to leave my daughter 's face exposed . In windy , cold or nasty weather I bring the flap up to cover her completely for the short outdoor time between car and destination.The Lite is flimsier , and was perfect for early Fall and I 'm starting to use it in the stroller for warmer winter days . I personally prefer the stiffer Urban , but the Urban is so much warmer than the Lite I 'm glad to have both.Switching the 2 is very easy and takes only a minute or two.With both versions , we just put on a hat and the baby is ready to go ! No jackets or snowsuits needed.We also have a set of Cushy Straps -LRB- cute fleece animal-shaped covers for the stroller/carseat straps that cushion the straps AND help keep the child 's head from lolling around -RRB- and those help keep the top of baby from being too exposed when you have the Bundle Me folded down or partially unzipped .
 I purchase this item to use with my jogging stroller . Today was the first day I used it and it actually kept my child warm . The top part does not fit around my stroller but it still works . It is a very nice product and my toddler fits in it with plenty of room to move and some to grow . I am really glad that I purchased this item .
 This is great for all types for strollers . It 's very warm and because more times my little one is behind a rain cover do to winds . I was thinking of buying the arctic one but that would be too much , she would be too hot
 bought this for a friend 's baby shower and it 's exactly what they have at babies r us or buy buy baby . this is cheaper than what they had at the store .
 My husband and I love this for our son when we have to take him out in the cold MI weather . He stays really warm and it 's super easy to put it in the stroller and zip him up . Way better than a blanket that is always falling off his legs . I would definitely recommend !
 This zippered blanket for the car seat is really easy to set up and insulates really well . In cold weather it does a great job of keeping out any precipitation and wind . Highly recommended.Zips easily on and off . Easy to wash as well .
 Very roomy for my very leggy 2-and-half year old . I used this on my Cameleon since the bugaboo footmuff is a bit tight for her leg , leg-room-wise .
 This is a very good idea and it is good quality also . My only complaint , and the reason for 4 stars rather than 5 is that it is n't really compatible with the Baby Jogger stroller . I can make it work , but it falls off every once in a while and if I want to recline the seat back , I can not keep the Bundleme hooked on . Besides that it 's great .
 Got this in the color ice for my Chicco Liteway Stroller . Fits just fine even with the hood on . . easy to install and just what I needed for my toddler . She 's all warm and snug bundled up in here and I have no need for extra blankets . Even though its water resistant , I will still pair it with a rain cover for windy days . .
 This bundleme is wonderful , we had the small one for the carsest , which was great but was far too small for the stroller now that Maggie is older , but the big one is great , she is warm and cozy and it fits my Peg stroller perfectly - could n't be happier with it - just wish it was availble in Canada or at least Amazon.ca to save on the shopping and handling but still well worth the price
 I always used to think of these as glorified blankets that were unnecessary . Not true ... especially when you and your little guy are in and out of the stroller daily . I love this product and it make my life easier .
 This Bundleme was exactly what I was expecting . I ordered the 1-3 yr size so my 9 month old could grow into it . She has a lot of extra space , but it is n't too bulky and I easily switch it between her two strollers . The interior is soft and warm , and I added a small blanket over her legs on really cold days . The exterior protects her against light rain . She will be able to use this for a very long time . I initially ordered the green and it looked nothing like the picture . Much darker and dull and did n't work well for a girl . The purple is a much better choice and I would strongly recommend this product .
 We LOVE this bundle !! No more needing to worry about snowsuits ! Downfall is my daughter gets extremley sweaty so we have to uncover her once she is inside the van . In the cold winter months we just dress her like we dress plus a sweatshirt/sweater and were good to go ! Its easily washable too ! This would make a great shower gift
 I live in a region where it can get really cold in the winter . I wanted something to use on top of snowsuits or winter coats that would not be too bulky . For this use , I 'm very satisfied . I use it with my umbrella stroller , however it does n't fit my Baby Jogger - City Mini stroller . The bundle needs to be secured at the top of the seat with an elastic that goes around the backrest . Therefore , it is not completely universal fit . I am however happy with this product and would recommend it .
 I bought this for my grandson 's first Christmas as he and his mom sometimes have to walk in the weather . He likes playing peek-a-boo , his mother and I know that he is protected from wind and moisture ! It is light weight and easy to launder .
 This is a great bundle , I have the infant . The only problem is that it does not work with my stroller . I have the City Mini Stroller and there is no way for me to attach the top of the bundle me to the stroller . The stroller is not come apart for me to wrap the elastic bands around the top of the stoller . I 'm trying to figure out a way to attach it without having to cut through my stoller !!!
 Does the job , it 's soft & warm . The on , y thing is that we have a BabyJogger stroller city mini & although it says it fits it does n't becaus ethers is no way to insert the top behind the stroller . Maybe there is another type that we needed to get but this one does n't do it ... , however , we figured it out & ` just have the top loose behind the baby .
 We love this carseat cover . It is very warm for cold winters . I decided to purchase this for my 4 month old instead of a winters coat and I am so glad I did .
 It 's really soft and does keep my baby warm without me having to put extra clothes on but I do wish it had more features to secure it to the car seat
 I was originally looking at the BOB Warm Fuzzy to put into my 2009 BOB stroller for these cold months coming , but after seeing this item and reading the reviews I went with the toddler Bundle Me . I am so glad I did !! My 11 month old has plenty of room to kick his feet still and has stayed toasty warm on walks this weekend when temps were in the 40 's and 50 's . He was obviously wearing appropriate clothes for the weather so this just makes a nice supplement and is no-hassle since it stays put unlike blakets.I read some reviews that mentioned it did not fit well on thier bobs , but I had it in place in less than 5 minutes . As another reviewer mentioned , the top flap of the BOB stroller that connects the hood to the back is velcro and easily comes undone to accomodate the Bundle Me in a secure fashion.Will definitely be using this through the season and for future kids ! Highly recommend !
 This product is great at keeping my six month old warm , but it could be longer . It seems to bunch up at the bottom and I ca n't adjust it to make it fit smoothly . It has a nice flap that you can cover the baby 's head with when it 's cold out without having to cover it 's whole body like some other products I 've seen . Material inside is nice and soft and the outside is easy to wipe off .
 I just love this product . It fits my Baby trend Expedition jogging stroller and keeps my 18 month old nice and toasty . I use this in conjunction with a rain shield and her cheeks are n't even cold when we come back in ! You wo n't be disappointed and your little one will thank you .
 This is a great product !! i do n't need to take extra blanket for my baby when we go out and it looks great . The only bad ting is that it is a little too long for my combi stroller . Overall it 's a great buy !!! enjoy ; -RRB-
 I love the color , the material is easy to wash , and most of all it keeps my baby warm and comfortable . I have a first year wave stroller and fits great ... So when my son got to the toddler stage , I was worried about how to keep him warm in his stroller.This product is great ! WE have found this product to be very good - it is machine washable , it is warm for my son , there is room for him to grow into it a bit this winter.I would recommend this product to anyone with a squirmy toddler who loves being outside as much as my son does !
 This is exactly what I needed . It keeps my daughter -LRB- 7 months old -RRB- warm and very comfortable when we go for a walk during chilly weather . This is so much better than a blanket that kept falling off the stroller . I have no doubts that it should fit any stroller . I have a Graco stroller and it fits fine . I am very happy with my purchase and I definitely recommend this product .
 I love this ! I dont have to worry about bringing a blanket and tucking it around him . Or worry about a blanket touching the ground . He is so nice and snug in there , I am very happy with this and would definitely recomend it . It is easy to put on the car seat too .
 Very happy with the Toddler version in lime green . It 's very soft and definitely warm without getting sweaty or overheating our daughter . She loved it , though normally does n't like being encumbered . I was very pleased to see it fitted her toddler sized pushchair with enough gaps for straps to thread through , whatever the make .
 Worth every penny - keeps baby toasty and fits in seat great . I have the chicco travel system and it matches perfect as well . Looks great , washes nicely too . Would reccomend .
 This toasty warm car seat liner has been just the ticket for the chilly weather . Easy to install and easy to use .
 i love this product ! it 's so warm , beautiful , soft and stylish ! fits perfectly on my Quinny Buzz4 stroller.no complains at all - very very happy with it : -RRB-
 I ca n't say enough about this ! It is so soft and my little one stays warm and snuggly ! The only thing I wish it had was a way to keep the flap fastened down so baby would n't pull it up over her head or get air in by her neck . I added ribbon ties but if you do that make sure to keep them very short and stitch them on tightly !
 This is a great product . It keeps my baby warm and she loves it .
 I love this product , it keeps my baby warm without using bulky coats or worrying about dropping a blanket on the ground . My baby does get hot in it when we are in the car for long periods but it is still great .
 This is a really stylish & practical way to keep your baby warm during the colder months . My daughter loves the soft inner lining and she seems so much happier in her car seat now that she does n't need to wear a big bulky jacket ! It is super easy to install and does n't interfere with the buckles at all . I did expect that it would be a bit thicker/heavier , based on the photo and it seems a bit on the thin side for very cold climates , but works well with our mild west coast weather . Overall , a great buy !
 I was given the infant bundleme and tried it out once , it was great but since my daughter was already 8 months old when I got it I exchanged it for the toddler size and no I know we 'll use it for a long time . Its a great color for boy or girl so I hope to use it again if we have a second child .
 We were given this as a gift at the babyshower . It is fantastically soft and snuggly , and fits as well as can be expected in our graco carseat . I have n't tried it on its own in the stroller -LRB- we have a maclaren techno -RRB- since my 5 month old son prefers to sit in the rearfacing carseat on the stroller , rather than on the front facing stroller seat . It is very easy to remove from the carseat and pop it in the wash so I am not sure why the previous reviewer was complaining about getting it dirty . I think that is the best part , since when my son spits up or throw up in it , it is easier to undo the velcro , take out the bundleme and wash it , rather than remove the entire carseat cover -LRB- which would require undoing the straps completely -RRB- . -LRB- besides , the way in which the bundleme is strapped onto the carseat or stroller , it 's not like you 'd ever be putting the baby 's face down near the part where the `` dirty shoes '' would be ! unlike a blanket which would be draped over said dirty shoes and then after it slides off and has to be readjusted , could change orientation so now the part that was touching the shoes is on the baby 's shoulders ... -RRB- My only complaint is that the zipper is of very poor quality . The little tab you use to pull it closed frequently gets stuck at an awkward angle , and because the zipper itself is pretty crappy , you ca n't continue to pull it closed or open , as it will only work when the tab is hanging free and is perfectly aligned with the zipper teeth ... did that make sense ? It 's sort of hard to explain but in short , the zipper is lame and since the rest of the product is such high quality , it is a shame to have a cheapo plastic zipper on it that does n't always work.That said , I do love the item because you do n't have to worry about blankies sliding off the carseat and exposing baby to the cold . I definitely recommend it for parents of young babies in cold climates .
 This sleepsack keeps our little bundle warm & toasty on those cold san francisco nights . it is really easy to use & to move from the carset to the stroller . i do wish it zipped up just a little higher on the sides , but it 's the best thing around we 've seen .
 I have A 4 month old and I was Using Baby Blankets When going out in the cold weather . And it never stayed in place , this stay 's in it 's place , and I dont have to use Blankets any more.I bought the toddler size so he can grow in to it .
 I purchased this item for my 6 month old and I love it . It replaces the need for a jacket and I can unzip the Bundleme when we are out shopping to keep my little one from getting too hot . I still put a hat on him when its very cold out but I do not have a problem with the wind blowing the top flap off -LRB- I have seen that complaint in other reviews -RRB- as my car seat has a canopy and that has never been an issue . The material is very soft on the inside and my baby is very comfortable in it . I would highly recommend this product .
 After doing online research , I selected this product for my 4-month-old . We live in the city and pretty much walk everywhere , so I wanted to make sure my little one would be warm and comfortable . I 've been using it for a little over a week and am very enthusiastic about this . I installed it on my Peg Perego Primo Viaggo carseat without any trouble . It fits fine around the baby 's head and did n't need to adjust anything in the carseat . I 've also tried it on our MacLaren Techno XT and it fits fine . The baby loves it and falls asleep in about 10 minutes after leaving the house . I would highly recommend this product to others .
 I have the chicco key fit 30 car seat . I think my only complaint would be that it does not fit in the car seat as well as in the picture . I do love the look of it and i do n't think my 3 month old gets to hot in it . While in the car I fully unzip and roll down he top cover or she gets annoyed . All in all , useful product . I plan on using it regularly during the winter .
 I was tired of of putting blankets on my daughter and figured this was easier . It 's easy to put in the car seat but I thought it actually went on the seat in replace of the original car seat cover . It only has a band that goes around the top and sits on top of what 's already on the seat . There 's nothing that attaches the bundle me at the foot . The original reviewer was right when they said the top is really long when you unzip it . Overall though I think it 's a great product to keep her warm so I do n't have to mess around with sweaters and blankets .
 I highly reccomend this product . It washes well , keeps the kids warm and is easy to wipe off a stain .
 I got one that was returned to Target -LRB- they only sell them online so this was half the price -RRB- and it was a BLESSING ! I had two other snowsuites for our daughter and she HATED them-bulky , hard to get in/out of it , etc , etc. . Then I saw this and was instantly in love . I now buy it for my standard shower gift ! You might need a small blanket in case it 's windy out to help from the other angle but that 's it . We usually had to fold it down because baby girl was sweating . Ours survived the entire midwestern winter with our daughter and is in perfect shape -LRB- have the velcro together for the washer and air dry it -RRB- ; and I am klutzy so spills/spitup/life all came out of it . Now I need to buy a different one because we are having a boy -LRB- previous one was bright pink-can ' t do that to baby boy # 2 right off the bat -RRB- and Amazon has the best price on them ... Go for neutral if you are having more then one child ! Now I just have to decide on a color !
 Our daughter turned one in December and although she is still in her infant seat . She did n't want to be in it in the stores . We got this for her stroller to go in and out of the store . We love it !!! Keeps her warm and cozy !
 My little guy loves this ! It 's comfy and keeps him warm . We have a Maclaren and a Mutsy and it fits both strollers lovely .
 Very warm , several colors to choose from , machine washable and very easy to put on the stoller . I have a Chicco stroller and it fits fine , even though my guess is that it might be way too big for smaller strollers . Not getting 5 stars as the zippers aretoo hard and do n't slide so smoothly . I had done extensive research and review reading prior to this purchase and had found tis to be the best currently available . Till anything better comes along , this is the best product out there for now .
 I love this item ! I struggled with keeping a blanket on my sons lap while we were out and with this , he stays warm and comfy with no effort at all . It is very warm and cozy . We keep it in the stroller all winter so anytime we go out , he is sheltered from the wind and elements while keeping warm . I love it !!
 Love it . Keeps baby warm , keeps stroller clean . Zips/unzips easily . Great quality . Worth the $ .
 I debated between this bundle me and the original but decided to spend the extra money on this one . I 'm glad I did as my baby was born in January and this is warm and has a nice thickness to it without being too bulky .
 I live in New York so lot colder.It has good wind protection and also material . Will surely recommend Good product and good price
 It is perfect - so soft and fits car seat perfectly . My son and daughter-in-law are very happy with it . .
 This is a great product . I recommend to all moms that want to keep there child warm . Very convenient product .
 Everyone thinks I 'm so brave taking my kiddie out for walks and runs every day . It 's not bravery because with the Bundleme I am well prepared ! Thing thing is incredible and I never worry that my kiddie is cold while he 's in it - if only he would keep his hands under the bundle and not take off his gloves ! This is a great present for active people too who would n't think to put it on their registry . I bought it for a friend who was too afraid to take her child out for walks in the cold Pittsburgh winter and she LOVES it too .
 I 'd purchased JJ Cole Head & body support , JJ Cole Bundle Me Lite and recently I 'd purchased JJ Cole Urban Bundle Me + JJ Cole Diaper Pod.I got the best deal on Amazon for the JJ Cole Urban Bundle Me as I paid $ 30 that too free shipping . I 'd purchased the Head Support + Bundle Me Lite from Babies R US and it was a total waste as I had to pay full price along with shipping.The reason I gave 4 * is kz it does take a little more time to tuck the baby ... However , overall it is a good purchase for the price I paid atleast ...
 I love it . It 's super warm . The first time I used it I put a jacket on my baby and she was sweating in it . It 's a big for my 10 mth baby but she will grow into it .
 Great product !! Very well made and so much more convenient than using blankets . Small pocket on top is handy for mittens or extra pacifier . Worth the price for sure !!
 It 's really great for cold weather . Fits good on the stroller and no more blanket . The baby stays warm inside
 I love that this keeps my son warm when we 're out and about . I have a Graco Quattro Tour stroller and it tends to come off the top of the seat a few times while we 're out but its nothing that ca n't be adjusted in a few seconds .
 If you have a winter newborn you NEED this . Because I had this , I did n't need a coat or snow suit to keep my babe protected from the Minnesota cold . I 'd just pop him in here with his regular outfit on and he 'd be snug as bug wherever we went . It 's also great because it protects your car seat from getting gross if/when the baby spits up etc. . The regular bundle me is fine too , i just liked this better because it has a zip pocket on the front which was handy to keep his pacifier in for easy access .
 We live in freezing weather where it snows all winter long . We knew we that just wrapping our 1 year old in a blanket in his stroller was not warm enough . We bought this item and are happy with the results , he is warm and this does not fall out of the stroller like the blanket did . Only one issue , the baby likes to slip to the bottom of this if he is not buckled in .
 I took this to disney for my daughter and it worked out great . It really kept her warm and acted as a blanket when she was sleeping . It even kept her dry when it started to rain a little bit . This is a great product .
 Attached very well and easy on my baby 's stroller and he is very confortable and warm . When he was feeling too hot , I can adjust and open out the bundle as much I want . And it can be use until 3 or 4 years old .
 We really loved this bundle me . It was easy to use , and kept my daughter snug and warm on the coolest days . She is on the smaller side and is about to grow out of the infant size any day now at 8 months . We bought a toddler bundle me original . It is even better . It zips up higher so I can surround my daughter 's face with the blanket while the urban would only go as high as her shoulders . Also , the original 's texture allows you to fold it onto itself when unzipped , and the urban was slippery and would inevitably drag on the ground .
 Cool product . Keeps my eighteen months old warm and happy , can cover up to her face - convenient in windy situations.One small flaw would be the length of the elastic which attaches to the stroller - it 's too short and threatens to rip anytime . It looks sturdy enough to resist a little while though . It 's minor inconvenience . Overall I love this product.JJ Cole Urban Bundle Me Toddler Soho
 I use it with the Bugaboo Cameleon instead of buying the more expensive cover from Bugaboo . I love it , it keeps my 14 month old really nice and cozy and when he has a hat on he is completely covered ! I also like the look compared to the regular Bundleme .
 I own the Original Bundle me and bought the new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside either bundleme , but having the bundle me definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.Another point to make is that I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme GraphiteOr the Urban BundleMe : JJ Cole Urban Bundleme Ice
 I own the Original Bundle me and bought the new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside either bundleme , but having the bundle me definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.Another point to make is that I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme Graphite
 This is perfect for chicago , I use the raincover over it and put another blanket over my son -LRB- inside the bundle me -RRB- when it 's really cold . It totally works on the city mini single , all you do is unsnap the two side parts on the sides and put the strap around the back of the stroller , then snap the sides back up -RRB- Takes 30 seconds . I leave it on no problem . I will admit with any stroller bunting folding the city mini is annoying since the stroller itself folds inside out but I do n't fold mine much except putting it in the car . Or if I do I put the bunting in the bottom of the stroller first before folding it when I 'm taking it on the bus or el . Very nice quality and soft . My 40 inch 2.5 year old fits great in it -LRB- 40 inches is tall -RRB-
 I got this for my baby shower and thought that since it was thinner than the regular bundle me it would n't be as warm . I was wrong . It gets rid of the bulk without compromising warmth . The first time we took our baby out in her bundle me urban I put a hoodie on her also . After 20 minutes the poor thing had beads of sweat on her nose ! I now put her in it without any jackets or coverings . Last night we went out and it was -10 degrees . I felt her toes when we got into the mall and they were nice and toasty . It is also SOOOOO nice and soft on the inside and trendy and stylish on the outside . We get lots of compliments!Wonderful product . I highly recommend it !
 This has been definitely one of my favorite products this past winter.I live in New York City and walk everywhere with my daughter . I was worried about the winter , but armed with the Bundle Me we continued walking everywhere most of the winter.It works great with the Uppababy Vista and kept her really warm . I also loved this Soho color.Only suggestion for improvement would be to have a zipper at the bottom , so wet feet/boots can be kept on the outside and not ruin the bundle me.And as others have suggested , buy the toddler . I used the Toddler size with my newborn -LRB- 3-6 months -RRB- and it worked just fine . And I 'm happy I wo n't have to buy another size for next winter .
 This is awesome . . We have it for our Maclaren triumph . . and it fits real well and is so cozy . . keeps my 2 year old pretty snug .
 I ordered this Bundle Me when my baby grew too long for the infant size ... at only seven months . I wish that I would have just saved my money and bought the toddler size to begin with , but you live and learn , right ? I am still not convinced that it is as warm as the infant Bundle Me with the fleece exterior , but this bag has more than enough room to wrap a blanket around my baby 's legs to make sure he stays warm.If you are going to be using a stroller frequently for your baby from the time he or she is born , I would recommend getting the toddler size Bundle Me rather than the infant . They grow so fast , the smaller size will be obsolete before you know it !
 Nice , but wish I had ordered the original one instead now . The reason why I decided to get this one was the outer wind and rain resistant fabric . Because I have to cart my new baby in his carseat around a lot -LRB- from the parking lot to my 4 year old 's pre-school , etc. -RRB- I wanted something to protect him when it rains or is really windy . Figured that fleece is not as wind resistant and handle rain as well as the wind breaker type outer fabric of the urban bundle me . However , the urban version does n't seem as warm and thick -LRB- for the winter -RRB- because it does n't have the plushier faux shearling lining as the original one . Although , it does have a bit of fiber filling , sort of like a very thin comforter . Overall though , it is very nice .
 I noticed some reviewers have said that this is not a needed item . Live where it snows or gets really cold and it IS !!! There are safety guidelines that state that babies should n't be placed in an infant carseat while wearing heavy garments like a snowsuit or a jacket because the seat belt wo n't protect a baby as well . Ca n't afford the hefty $ 60 price tag ? there are other cheaper alternatives like ebay -LRB- although currently someone is trying to sell two diva and ice for almost $ 20 more than the original ticket price -RRB- or Target and Walmart sell cheaper brands that might work just as well .
 I received this gift after my daughter was born and we used it for the first time today and I LOVE IT ! It was so soft and warm that I wish they made them for adults ! The colors are beautiful and the entire thing is washable . The only downfall is that there is no way to cover her head without her suffocating . Luckily there is extra fabric on the top piece that I tucked underneath my hand while I was carring the carseat and it did block the horrible Michigan wind . If there were 10 stars then the Urban Bundle Me would receive all 10 !
 I love this bundle me product and so does my baby girl . I also got many compliments from other parents on how it looked and the fabric .
 I read some reviews that said this would not work with the BOB strollers . It works with mine -LRB- purchased in 2011 -RRB- . We live in a very rural part of Alaska where the temps can get pretty cold . I have been very pleased with this item . On the cool days my daughter has been fine in her regular clothes and the bundleme . On cold days -LRB- between 0-20 -RRB- she wears her snow suit and goes in the bundleme and she has stayed warm . So warm that she usually falls asleep , which does n't normally happen on our walks . This product seems to meet all the criteria that is stated in the description , warm and windproof.My only concern is the length . I do n't know how long my daughter will be able to use this . She is currently 32 inches tall and her feet are almost touching the end . I do think it fits differently in the BOB than in other strollers . Overall I would buy this again and give it as a gift . Well worth the money if you live someplace cold and you want to take your baby outside .
 I tried it out myself and it was so comfy womfy I couldnt even believe it you silly tootzii wootziis !!!!!!!
 This is a great carrier liner . It 's nice and warm , but light enough that it 's not too hot or swelting for spring and fall weather.Great colour !
 This is great !! No bulky snowsuit needed !!! It kept her warm and I did n't have to put on a bulky snowsuit that makes it harder for her to move around and is very hard to hold her and carry her too ! She did still wear a hat and that is all .
 I bought this for my niece in Alaska as a baby gift . She already had one -LRB- which means I did a good job of choosing the right gift ! -RRB- and returned it for some baby CD 's she wanted . I 'd buy it again for someone else .
 We bought this item and it has worked out great . Its nice and soft inside and keeps our son nice and warm when going for a stroller walk in the park or going from the car to the store . It fits great underneath the safety harness in the car seat and does n't take away any inside space within the car seat . The stretchable straps are great so it can fit easily with other brands of car seats .
 For starters , we actually found this at a Marshall 's store near us for only $ 34.99 , so , we could n't pass it up!Our son was born a day before a major snow storm in NJ , and we had this ready to go in the car seat the day we left the hospital . Let me just say it has been wonderful !! Ever since he was born , our baby has kept snuggly warm when being transported from car to house and anywhere else we brought him in the car seat . I , too , have seen no problem with the seat belt laying funny , not sure what that one reviewer was talking about.When we take him out of the car into the elements , we zip it up all the way and use the loose flap at the top to hold up with the car seat handle , so he is covered and protected from wind/snow/rain , but not smothered . He never wakes up from being cold.It also is a great neutral color -LRB- we have the graphite -RRB- , which matches our grey/blue car seat perfectly!I look forward to using this throughout the rest of the winter . It is a great buy , I 'm so glad we found it .
 I bought this for a trip to Syracuse , NY in winter . Even though it was about 20 degrees , this and theJJ Cole hat kept my 4 month old nice and toasty - no coats , jackets , or even socks needed .
 I bought these for my triplet daughters for their first winter . They were a pretty color - when you have little girls you become engulfed in Pepto-Bismol Pink so this was a nice change.And best of all , they kept the girls warm and dry throughout the harsh NYC winters without coats or snowsuits . A big money and time saver - just pop the babies in and away you go.Now that they are over a year old , I have traded up to the Toddler BundleMeThis product had to have been invented by a mom - it makes perfect sense ...
 I love this product . It is soo much easier to use than a bulky snowsuit ! And safer too , because your baby is snug in the straps , not behind a layer of puffy clothing . The only complaint I had is that I wish there was velcro or a snap to hold the flap down . My son pulls it up onto his face while we 're in the car which makes me worry about suffocation .
 I absolutely love this , serves it purpose for keeping baby warm . It is also very stylish . I did n't have to use a coat in the winter , if anything it worked too well .
 The Bundleme is great ! My son is 4 months and we have n't had to struggle with snow suits . The Bundleme is warm and there is even a pocket to keep his bottle warm . Absolutely will purchase this in the toddler size when he gets older .
 I had to buy the toddler version after owning and loving the infant one . It is a must for people who live in colder climates . So easy - just zip them in ! I still put on a coat/hat for the upper body warmth . I give them as baby gifts now . Great product .
 Everyone that lives in a cold state must purchase this for their child . My child stays so warm in it , we love it
 I bought this for our carseat and it works great ! Before it got here I was concerned on how it would work but it is so easy to get in and out if the seat -LRB- where we live the weather changes day to day so we put the cover on and off frequently -RRB- . Also , I prefer the urban style above the other bundle me 's because it is the softest and it is lightweight enough to not be too bulky like i thought the original bundle me is with the straps , but warmer than the bundle me light . and stays on baby better that just a blanket . I will be purchasing the toddler size to put on our runnung stroller as well !
 This is a good item to keep toddlers warm in the winter ! I have a Pliko 3 and it is fairly compatible with the stroller . It 's pretty long so you have to zip it up in order to fold the stroller . Highly recommend !
 I purchased the JJ Cole Urban Toddler Bundle Me for my 1-year old daughter 's Peg Perego stroller . It does n't fit perfectly because of the design of her stroller , but it fits well enough . I was skeptical that the Bundle Me would keep her warm enough during the cold winter months but decided to give it a try anyway . I 'm glad I did ! She stays comfortable and warm without getting overheated and without being to constricted . Because it 's so roomy , she should be able to use this for at least two more winters -- definitely worth the investment .
 the stitching is more obvious in person but it still looks great . and my baby seems to actually like being in her stroller better - could be the extra padding ?
 I had bought the lighter version for my son when he was first born but needed to get something heavier for the winter . I love this item . It 's so soft and comfy that I wish they made it in adult sizes :--RRB- I do n't need to put a coat on my son when he 's in this because it keeps him so incredibly warm . It fits a little big on my Chicco infant carrier but I just tuck in the excess . It fits just fine on my stroller . I definitely recommend this product .
 I would recommend this to anyone looking for an quick and easy way to strap your child into/out of a car seat . Its so much easier than strapping in a baby with a coat or bodysuit . Keeps baby very warm and dry and makes my life easier too . No more adjusting car seat straps depending on what outfit baby is wearing , just throw on a hat and let the bundle me keep him warm . One of the best purchases we have made for our son . When he grows out of the infant size , we will purchase the larger size for next years Michigan winter .
 I love this product . It keeps my son warm and looks great , it leaves him plenty of space to move around but covers him up very well . He feels and looks very cozy .
 So comfortable for baby ! My little girl was toasty in her 's while me and my husband were FREEZING out in the snow and sleet ! BEST SHOWER GIFT EVER!I had it hooked up to my carseat when I left the hospital and even the nurses commented on how awesome they were . I did not find that they were a safety hazard whatsoever .
 Disappointed i cant get . My tod is 38 inches long at 22 months . He is longer than the product . Oh well maybe the next one .
 This fits my bugaboo very well and kept my toddler warm during our out door strolls . Easy to put on and take off . Highly recommend this as well as their infant car seat one , which we used for the first one and half yr on both car seat and then stroller until our kid got too big .
 Warm and cousy , just what my baby needs ! I thought it will be colder than the Original bundle me , but it turned to be exactly the opposite ! I recommend this product to every mom that wants her baby to be warm !
 We live in Germany so it 's most of the time it 's cold especially in the winter got this one so my son can keep warm ; -RRB-
 I would buy this in every color if I could . I absolutely love it . It fits great and is so much more comfy then blankets . All winter babies need one !
 Great to find this product in Winter . Keeps baby cozy while we stroll around town . Easy on and off . Fits on my Uppa umbrella stroller and my Orbit one too !
 Everything we wanted it to be . Can be used on our umbrella stroller and Bumbleride Stroller to keep our 10 month old warm .
 great product at a great price too . it saved me lots of trouble taking my baby out in the winter .
 We purchased this when the weather started to get colder & I was SO tired of taking multiple blankets everywhere to cover the baby & the car seat . This is great , is keeps the wind & cold out & requires no big snow suit , layering of clothes or big bulky blankets . Great price , cheaper than at our local baby store & came right on time !
 I just received this item in the mail . I purchsed the toddler size in the color stealth . I originally wanted the color ice but , I m glad I got Black instead . Especially since the cost for the color stealth was 13.00 cheaper than the ice color . -LRB- I hate when that happens , its a color !! -RRB- The product was very easy to add to my stroller . I have an Uppababy Vista . I had tried to read some previously written reviews to inquire some information about the fit because I was so worried that the bundle me would n't fit my stroller but IT FITS GREAT . It does n't have a slot for the seat recline handle bar , but you can still recline the seat by using the handle bar with the bundle me over the handle . NO BIG DEAL . Uppa baby has their own version but its double the price . The bundle me is very soft , seems like it will wash well . Overall using this will benefit both me my son . Me , because I wont go nuts trying to keep a blanket on him . I dont have to worry about his blanket falling on the floor and getting dirty and wet in NYC slush ice or worst respending money on lost blankets . My son is guaranteed to be warm and dry . I definitely recommend .
 I purchased the JJ Cole Infant Bundle Me for my 6-month old daughter to use with our Britax B-Agile Stroller on a recent rainy , cold trip to Christmas Town at Busch Gardens -LRB- an amusement park -RRB- , and it worked out perfectly . The strap easily fit on the back of the stroller ; all I had to do was un-velcro the canopy , slide the strap over , and then re-velcro . At 6-months old , my daughter is very petite , so it fit her perfectly . If your baby is on the larger side , you might want to go up to the toddler version for the length . I liked the zippers on both sides . They allowed us to easily take her in and out of the Bundle Me without issue . The slits on the Bundle Me also allowed the restraints of the stroller to be used effectively and safely . The only reason that I 'm giving the Bundle Me 4-stars insead off 5 is that it did still allow some air to get around her since it 's not terribly snug on a tiny baby , but that might be an issue that can not be fixed . I just tucked another light blanket inside of the Bundle Me to give some extra warmth . As I mentioned , it rained the entire time as we were walking outside , and along with the stroller 's canopy , the Bundle Me kept my daughter completely dry . This is an excellent product for stroller rides on cold windy or rainy days .
 I was adamant about buying this item because of the conflicting reviews about it not working for the Baby Jogger City Mini . After much research , I was deciding between this or the Baby Jogger 's own footmuff , I decided on this one because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it 's cheaper - since it often goes on sale , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it has a lot more reviews . After spending a few minutes with my husband scratching our heads as to how to make this work and going back to all the reviews with instructions on how to make it work on the City Mini , we understood the problems that everyone seems to have with it not reclining if you just put the elastic around the top of the back of the seat . The stroller is basically stuck to one position . We even tried practically disassembling the whole stroller just for the fun of it , but that did n't do much good.Then we realized that without even taking anything apart , you 're able to make this somewhat work . You basically just slip the extra flap in the back of the bundle me over the top of the back of the seat , taking some of the mesh with it . We did not use the elastic part at all . Using the top flap over the seat will take some of the mesh of the stroller , thus limiting your recline a little bit -LRB- ok , maybe half -RRB- . But it 's way better than the other option in which it would n't recline at all . Also , for us this is not a problem because our kid seems to not like reclining too much . If you ended up buying the City Mini for the almost full-recline option , I 'm not sure if there is any footmuff that will limit the recline due to the way the stroller is designed . Not sure that the Baby Jogger 's own footmuff would work around that problem either.Like others said , not perfect , but good enough -LRB- at least for us -RRB- .
 ... because it 's just THAT good . Instead of spending $ $ $ $ in buying a gazillion baby coats and still worrying the baby 's cold , this on-the-go sleeping bag does the trick . It 's a lot better -LRB- warmer , stays put -RRB- than compared to using a bunch of blankets.PROS : - does it 's job , keeps the baby warm-very soft , yet material is still strong/resilient-easy to assemble and use-can be used with a variety of systems
 I got this item before my son was born at a JJ Cole warehouse sale . Although he was born in June , we had planned a long -LRB- and chilly -RRB- 10-day camping trip in Canada for August . We literally used this EVERY DAY of the trip and all through the following winter ! It fit well in our baby trend car seat , and since he was only 6 weeks old , we figured out how to attach it to our front pack for hiking . That , plus a hat and mom/dad 's body heat was plenty of warmth for him , even though temperatures were between 50-65 degrees . Each night we slept in our tent and he slept next to us on the floor in pj 's , a blanket , and a hat , then we tucked him into the bundle me as a sleeping bag ! He woke up nearly sweating every morning although temps were 35-40 degrees.The weather-resistant shell works wonderfully -LRB- we actually waterproofed ours as well for rainy hikes -RRB- , and the lining is very warm , despite it feeling thinner than the original version . I actually have the black color and have yet to find a stain . The lining wipes up well even with blowouts . Another thing about this version of bundleme is that it rolls up smaller than some of the other versions , making storage more simple . The only complaint I have -LRB- hence the four stars -RRB- is that the Velcro is coming off of one side , but it has gone through countless uses and washings , and I 'm figuring out a way to fix it.I 'm just on amazon today to purchase the toddler size since my boy is 16 months now and we 're expecting another in the spring . This is a MUST-HAVE item ! Since the original purchase , our bundleme has been used as a car seat warmer , front-pack cover , take everywhere blanket , and sleeping bag - and a toddler-sized sleeping bag alone easily runs at $ 35-50 . I 'd rather get my money 's worth with this beauty !
 I love this product , it is very easy to install on to any stroller , I usually see them on Maclaren 's but I have a Graco and it fit just fine . My son is very comfortable in this and he enjoys his stroller rides , best of all it does not drag on the floor like a blanket would and it is rain/wind proof . We love this product it has been the best investment ever.Amiee1222 -- Bx , NY
 I bought this to put on my Graco stoller.Pros
 ... some have said that this unsafe , BUT I see this one thin layer under the baby MUCH SAFER than a jacket all around the baby -LRB- both under & over = 2 layers included in straps . If it will interfere with the strap position on your seat , merely cut out the ` rectangle ' on the back portion that will be behind baby.We have this and the original . The urban does n't breathe as well as the original due to its wind/rain resistance , however that wind/rain resistance is a life saver in spring & fall rainstorms -LRB- where the Original soaks rain in -RRB- ! UPDATE
 great sleepsack for our little bundle . keeps her warm & toasty . i love the microfibre interior because it 's warm , but not too hot . also the exterior is wind resistant , so it 's perfect for san francisco .
 I love this product . I got it after taking a shopping trip during cold weather and struggling all day long to keep my baby warm with a blanket . Since I got this , shopping in cold weather is a breeze . The only thing is , as soon as you get inside anywhere , you 'll need to unzip the top and take it off , or your baby will get way too hot.I also use it on my stroller during walks , and even in 40 degree weather , my son is able to take a cozy nap while I get my exercise.It 's really easy to take on and off your carseat . They make one for toddlers , also , so I may get another when my son outgrows this one .
 I started with the Original Bundle Me because I was using a friend 's but she was also pregnant and needed hers back so I purchased this one and I like the JJ Cole Urban Bundle Me better . Here is why
 I just bought this for my baby and I LOVE it . I was going to get the original but then I saw this at the store and thought it looked nicer so I got it instead . This has all the ease of the original bundle me-but I prefer the inside fabric a hundred times over . It 's this nice soft micro-material that stays nice and soft through washing . I also love the pocket on the top-its great for little things like binkys , car keys , even cell phones ! And of course the best part is we dont need to put our baby in one of those big bulky snowsuits . This is soooo much easier ! I have already gotten a ton of complements on the way it looks too-the quilted fabric is very chic looking . I would recommend this to any parent expecting a baby in the cool months !
 I bought this item based on previous reviews and recommendations and was not disappointed at all . I love the color , the material is easy to wash , and most of all it keeps my baby warm and comfortable . I have a bugaboo cameleon stroller and it fits perfectly . My only recommendation would be for parents to purchase the toddler size rather than the infant size if your baby is older than 3 months . The bag runs rather small so the size labels can be decieving . Other than that , what you see is what you get ! Worth every penny !!!!
 I loved the infant Urban BundleMe we used last winter , but my daughter was too long for it when I tried to reuse it earlier this winter . The bigger issue , though , was the fact that we upgraded to a City Mini stroller last April from our infant car seat/snap & go stroller set up we had last winter . The Urban BundleMe worked fabulously in our Graco SnugRide 32 car seat . After many attempts , however , I had to conclude that there was no way to install the Urban BundleMe in our City Mini without having to give up something else . You can either get the elastic strap over the back of the seat securely -LRB- by unsnapping and unvelcroing parts of the City Mini seat from the stroller frame -RRB- , but then you lose the ability to recline the stroller 's seat . Or , you can put the strap over the back of the seat just by pulling the seat forward and slipping the elastic over the back of it that way , but then it does n't stay on well at all and the entire back of the BundleMe then keeps sliding down and bunching around your child 's waist and hips in the stroller . I ended up spending a lot of time reading about various stroller buntings , trying to find one I liked as much as the Urban BundleMe , but that I could put in the City Mini stroller , recline the seat , and know it would stay put . I also did n't want it to cost too much more than the Urban BundleMe . I finally just decided I could n't find anything that I was willing to give a try , and planned on sewing either velcro , or large snaps , or both on to the back of a Toddler BundleMe and on the back of our stroller seat , hoping that would do the trick.My mom bought the Toddler Urban BundleMe for us for Christmas , and when I took it out of the package , I saw that they had made changes to it . The infant one I had was bought off my baby registry when I was halfway through my pregnancy ... so , sometime in May of 2009 , I received it . This Toddler one not only has the elastic strap in the back , but it also has extra quilted fabric at the top of the back half of the bunting . It 's elasticized , and meant to be stretched over the top of the stroller seat . I do n't know if that 's just a new thing they 've begun doing with ALL Urban BundleMes -LRB- infant * and * toddler -RRB- , of if it 's just exclusive to the toddler one , but whichever it is , that extra way to secure the bunting to the stroller seat WORKS . I never had to break out the velcro and the snaps . I simply pulled the back of the stroller seat forward , slipped the elastic strap over the back of it , and then also pulled the elasticized extra fabric over the top of the seat . I can recline the seat of my City Mini all the way when necessary , and the back of the Urban BundleMe stays securely attached . I 'm so thrilled ! I 've also noticed that the interior is a softer , more velour-like material than what was in my old infant Urban BundleMe -LRB- which was also really nice , but this new fabric is even softer ! -RRB- . I 'm so glad I just decided to stick with the Urban BundleMe ! I live in NYC and do n't have a car , so having a way to keep my daughter warm and cozy in her stroller is essential . We use the subway nearly daily , and when there 's no elevator to take -LRB- which is often , since NYC has such a terrible subway system -RRB- , I can just take my daughter out of the stroller , keep the Urban BundleMe in the stroller , lift up the bottom of the BundleMe to find the folding mechanism on the City Mini , lift up the stroller and go . No dirty blanket dragging on the ground , and it 's one less thing I have to hold while climbing the stairs . Soon after we get to the top , my daughter is tucked back into her BundleMe , warm and ready to go . On really cold days , I also use my stroller 's rain cover . And there 's plenty of room inside the Urban BundleMe to fit another blanket if I really think it 's necessary . It 's so wonderful to not be stuck indoors just because it 's cold out . If anything , my daughter is much more comfortable than I am when we go out to run errands !
 So when my son got to the toddler stage , I was worried about how to keep him warm in his stroller . We live in the city , so travel by stroller is a way of life . He loves to be outside , but really dislikes being covered up - you can see the source of needing this product ! Overall , we have found this product to be very good - it is machine washable , it is warm for my son -LRB- 16 months at the time of purchase -RRB- , there is room for him to grow into it a bit this winter , it fits our Maclaren Quest stroller nicely , and it is attractive . The only downsides we have noted are that we wish it had one zipper up the middle , instead of having a zipper up each side . The reason for this is that we think it would be tougher for our son to get his hands out of the bag this way - he is nothing short of Houdini-like , however , in his ability to get himself out of outwear and protective items like this bag , so it may not matter at all.The other thing is that is does not attach to the stroller as securely as we would like - it has a tendency to slide down the front , and eventually , usually on a rainy day , the bottom of the bag drags on the ground a bit . However , going back to the fact that it is washable , this is not a huge complaint either . This may also be a function of the stroller with which you are trying to use this.I would recommend this product to anyone with a squirmy toddler who loves being outside as much as my son does !
 This product is great ! I bought this after my baby outgrew the bundle me . It has a nice water resistant exterior and the chamois inside is so soft ... I would n't mind being snuggled up in this . I washed it inside out before the first use and it came out great with no shedding . I let is air dry and put it in the dryer for 5 minutes just to get some wrinkles out . I really like this product and wish that I bought this from the beginning instead of the regular bundle me that my baby outgrew so fast . We do have the toddler bundle me -LRB- regular -RRB- for our jogging stroller and it 's nice , but the inside of the urban bundle me is so much softer and tends not to shed on baby .
 I just bought the JJ Cole Urban Toddler Bundle Me in Ice . While researching , i was n't able to find any reviews that showed that it fit the Baby Jogger City Select Seats . It FITS !!! So , you just remove the canopy , put it over the top -LRB- it fits nicely ! -RRB- And you can put the canopy back on . Voila ! When the foot rest of the BJCS seat is extended all the way , the bag comes just a little bit further . It fits the seat quite well and is so soft on the inside ! I love it ! Thought I 'd help out all you BJCS Moms out there .
 I was unsure whether or not to order this Bundle Me due to contradicting reviews . I decided to try it and add a review to help others in the future . This Bundle Me DOES fit the Baby Jogger City Mini . To get it on :1 -RRB- Remove the stroller 's canopy using the buttons on the sides & unvelcroing the sides2 -RRB- Pull the stroller 's straps through the appropriate slots in the Bundle Me -LRB- there is even an additional slot on the Bundle Me that corresponds well with the stroller 's strap for folding the stroller ! -RRB- 3 -RRB- Unsnap the top-most fasteners that attach the back of the stroller to the stroller 's frame4 -RRB- Pull the elastic strap on the Bundle Me over the top of the stroller back . I did n't even bother trying to stretch the top of the Bundle Me over the top of the stroller - it is holding fine like this .5 -RRB- Re-Snap the top of the stroller back together & reattach the canopy . -LRB- The Bundle Me elastic strap will be going around the back of the stroller in between the middle and top snaps on the stroller frame -RRB- .6 -RRB- Make sure that your baby still fastens-in securely and go for a warm walk ! : -RRB- The Bundle Me may not fit `` perfectly '' , but it definitely works and I am very happy to have it .
 I love this carrier cover . It is so soft and it keeps my baby warm . It also protects her from the rain when we step out from the car to the places we are going to . Everyone is always asking me where I baught this cover . There is nothing like it!I totally recomend this product .
 This fit very easily into my daughter 's Graco infant car seat . As the other reviewers said , it is very convenient and keeps my daughter nice and warm . Wind has not seemed to be a problem , but then I only carry her between the car and my destination in it . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I purchased this item myself , and I absolutly LOVE it ! The Bundle Me makes it so easy get baby ready to go , instead of having to put a coat on her , etc. . I get many compliments on it , and am glad that I spent the extra money on this version , the material is so soft & warm , and it 's great quality.Now instead of getting my daughter new coats to fit her , -LRB- and to match her wardrobe ! -RRB- I have the Bundle Me ready to go , already in the carseat ! I would definately recommend this item , and would proudly purchase it as a gift for anyone having a baby in the wintertime !
 This Urban Bundle Me is one of the best baby items I 've bought for my son ! It 's much more convenient than struggling to keep a blanket on the car seat . And if baby gets too warm just unzip the cover off ! I like this version much better than the Original Bundle Me , which seems like it would get too warm for my baby . The material of the Urban Bundle Me is warm enough for rainy Washington weather but not too warm like the fleece in the Original Bundle Me . I also love the little pocket where I can store an emergency pacifier or other small items . It washes great and I plan to buy the larger toddler size once my son outgrows this . One minor problem is the zipper occasionally gets stuck , but that 's to be expected when a zipper is n't zipped in a straight line . = -RRB-
 I just started using this product and both my son and I love it . It 's very warm and no more fighting to get him into heavy winter clothing gear . This was a great idea and well worth the money . It made getting out the door a little easier in these cold winter months .
 I love this ! It is so easy to use . Simply velcro it in place and you are ready to go . Also , it fits both my Britax B-Agile and my BOB Revolution . Baby boy is nice and snug inside . Would definitely recommend it .
 This fits on my Britax stroller perfect ! When it 's cold I throw it on and when it 's hot I remove it ! Very easy to change out and very soft and warm
 This product is perfect for the winter month in SLC , Utah . Our little girl is so snugly warm without having to pile blankets or bulky gear on her . We buckle her in and she is ready to go . It zips off completely for convenience . The liner that stays in the car seat or stroller is soft and adds extra comfort without bulk to your equipment . We have Graco baby products and a Bob stroller it works great in both . LOVE this product !
 This is a great item ! If you 're wondering which baby carrier cover to get - do n't think about it , do n't wait - just get this one . You 'll be happy you did!Now , let 's get into the details here.First , I 'm a dad - and as such , I 've spent more time watching basketball on TV and much less than most moms have checking out all of the latest and greatest developments in winter weather child warming technology . Luckily , my wife has monitored these closely and is fully up-to-date with respect to this , and was able to guide our decision appropriately.When we were looking at these , we found that there are a number of solutions out there from many companies . For starters , they seem to be divided into two basic groups - the `` carrier covers '' - of which you can get models at a variety of price points fromThe First Years Car Seat Cover , Pinkat $ 13 toJJ Cole Car Seat Cover , Graphiteat $ 23 toJolly Jumper Sneak a Peek Sneak-a-Peek Infant Carseat Cover Deluxe - Blackat $ 30 . These are a little less expensive than the `` bundle me '' variety , and only keep the baby warm from the top.I do n't know about your infant seat , but ours does n't have lots of extra winter insulation underneath the baby , so my little guys would might still chilly in one of these!The `` bundle me '' variety of baby covers have both a top and bottom cover - the bottom attaches inside the seat with simple velcro closures and can be installed in just a minute . Again , there are the ones made by J.J. Cole , and a whole variety of imitators - which we may refer to as the `` bundle-me compatible devices '' . These , I think , provide better warmth for the baby , and were the easy choice for us.The real question is what kind to get . They 're available in various models , including : JJ Cole Infant Bundle Me Lite , Taupe - we actually have the lite model for spring/fall use . It was great . But we live in New England , and winter necessitated a warmth upgrade!JJ Cole Original Infant Bundleme , Graphite , InfantThe `` original '' bundle me has synthetic lambswool on the inside , and a soft , velvety material on the outsideJJ Cole Urban Bundleme , Stealth , Infant - this itemJJ Cole Arctic Bundleme , Charcoal/Silver , Infant - The `` arctic '' version which is great if you happen to live in Alaska or Moscow . Or Siberia . Or if you 're taking your infant on a winter-time Himalayan expedition.Those models are listed roughly in order of price , and warmth , from least to most . We looked briefly at the Arctic model - and decided we definitely did n't need that . More on warmth later.The biggest difference between the `` original '' and `` urban '' Bundle Me 's is the material - they seem to be of similar warmth . The original , slightly less expensive model , has a soft , fuzzy outer layer . The advantage of the Urban model - aside from the looks , which we really like , is that the outer layer is easy to wipe clean if baby spits up on it , if food drops on it , etc. . The inside is also a very nice , fine synthetic fur material - quite cozy!Warmth
 This product is super soft and a bit thinner than the original Bundle Me so it fits baby longer . LOVE it
 Very pleased with the urban bundle me . It fit perfectly in the carrier . Just wish is was a little thicker . I am not sure it will be warm enough through the SD winter .
 These are so cute ! I have n't used it yet , but I bought one for my daughter and one for my nephew . They are so cute and so soft !
 The pocket for the pacifier is a lifesaver and this kept our baby warm through the winter . We had tried other carseat blankets but this was properly snug and the material was thicker and softer . The zipper is a little tough at first but with time became quite smooth . We bought this in Soho -LRB- brown -RRB- to go with the Sahara Chicco Keyfit carseat and it matched beautifully ! Definitely worth the price for ease of use through an airport and while traveling to not worry about blankets getting blown away . For spring we now use theJJ Cole Bundle Me Lite - Taupewhich does n't have the pocket but perfect material for this warm weather . You will not be disappointed , JJ Cole always delivers !
 I was loaned one of these for our third baby and can not tell you how upset I was that I did n't have one for the first two kids !!! This is probably my most favorite baby item and definitely something I can not live without ! It is so wonderful to not have to bundle up the baby in a larger than life snowsuit for a simple trip to the grocery store . The fact that you can simply unzip the top when baby becomes too warm while shopping is a added bonus . This will definitely be my default baby gift to anyone who lives in a cold weather climate !
 This is a good product but I 'm not sure if it is as thick as the regular bundle me . I like it because it protects her from rain and snow but I do wish it were thicker .
 I love this product ! We live in an area where winter can be rather harsh and this was perfect for our newborn . It kept him warm and protected from the elements ! It was easy to zip up/down . It washes well . Since purchasing this a few years ago , it has been used for 2 babies and still looks brand new ! I also love the side pocket for stashing pacifiers , etc. . . I would highly recommend this !
 love this item , does what it 's supposed to . my only complaint is that there 's a little zipper pocket at the bottom on which the zipper broke the first week . it 's not essential , but it 's inconvenient and i loved the ` idea ' of the little zipper pocket . also , my son keeps folding the front down and it unzips a bit . i keep having to rezip , but i assume when he 's truly cold , he wo n't do this .
 Wonderful product ... My little girl will be soo comfy and cozy on the go ! . . Love the fact that its waterproof ! Fits prefect in my infant carrier !
 It 's very warm and comfortable . I also like how you can easily zip up or down , depending on how cold it is .
 Very happy with this purchase ! Works great for my 2 month old when we have to stand outside and wait for his brothers to get out of school . It is very warm so we can Only use it when it 's really cold out .
 I really love all products from JJ Cole and this particular one is just as great as all of their other products . The only thing to note is that the color was not pure white as it looks in the photo . It was a slight grayish/purplish hue , which in my case was actually perfect since I was a little hesitant on having a bright white blanket in the stroller .
 We had the infant version of this last year and loved how easy it was to use . My 16 month old started to kick the blanket off on stroller walks and it was driving me insane having to stop every 2 minutes to pick up a blanket -LRB- or socks and shoes -RRB- . I thought this was expensive for essentially a small sleeping bag . But after a cold snap left us grouchy and chilly and staying inside was n't an option , I bought this . It 's amazing . Life changing . He stays so warm inside , I do n't have to worry if I take another lap around the block . The only issue I had was how it affected the umbrella on my stroller . Mine secures with velcro along the back of the seat . This product slides down over the top of the seat , so my umbrella would n't attach . I simply used four or five safety pins to hook the umbrella to the bundleme . Worked great !
 I read reviews that said that this is good for a car seat , and it really can work , but it 's too long so when I put the car seat in the car the end of the cover gets stuck between the seat and the car seat . Other then that it 's really great . It is water resistant and very comfy and snugly inside . My 5 months old baby hated riding in the car before but now he falls asleep in his car seat and I think it 's partly because the Bundleme is very snugly .
 We bought this for our daughter right before she was born . She is now two weeks old and we love it ! We live in Minnesota , and although we still need to bundle her up -LRB- after all it is Minnesota -RRB- she is kept warm and comfortable . I would highly recommend this !
 Durable , nylon is easy to keep clean -LRB- compared to just fleece -RRB- , blocks bitter cold wind . Black and grey matches our carseat and car interior -LRB- priorities , right ? -RRB- and not too bulky . Highly recommend .
 Our baby was born in December and we used the infant Bundleme from December until April , and it was a lifesaver in freezing Minnesota . He 's now 11 months old and the infant version is too small , so we bought the toddler one for this winter . It 's a different material than the infant sack , more velvety than woolly . It fits perfectly in my Uppababy Vista stroller and keeps him nice and warm up to his neck , unless he sticks his arms out . It 's a bit of work to put this on the stroller and take it off every time you go out , so I just leave it on always and flip down the top part when we 're indoors . The downside , though , is that since the material is really warm he gets heated just by sitting on the bottom half when we 're indoors for a while .
 Love our Bundleme . We are currently using it with the Baby Jogger , City Mini Stroller and it 's been a lifesaver during cold and windy days . It does not fit perfectly , but it 's a ` universal ' item and the best thing that I have found after thoroughly researching online . I have washed it a couple of times and it washes up well . The ` sprout ' -LRB- limegreen -RRB- is a fun color . Too bad Baby Jogger does not have an accessory like the Bundleme designed for their strollers .
 I had one of these in the infant size and loved it so I knew I would get the toddler size as soon as the weather changed . I ordered on Tuesday and it was delivered on Thursday . It is perfect !
 The infant bundle is just like they advertise , very warm and comfy , great for a infant . I would recommend it to anyone .
 LOVE IT ! Keeps stroller clean , baby warm , easy to wash , zip off top layer completely if not too cold but leave underside on or reverse underside during summer . Stroller stays clean and looks chic !
 bought this for my first child now we have a second and it still is in great condition , would highly recommend it .
 i use this `` sleeping bag '' for everything . It fits just right for our jogger -LRB- baby trend -RRB- and perfect size for umbrella stroller -LRB- chicco -RRB- , aslo we use it for bike baby seat -LRB- topeak -RRB- . She is always warm in it . either we are out at a beach -LRB- winter time bay area -RRB- or even when we went to Seattle once where it was super cold . We combine it with rain cover so they both give an amazing protection for a6 months old . never had a problem . My girl loves how it feels on her face , the inner part . She always covers herself.Gotta love this product !
 I sent this to my friend last year for her shower gift . She and her husband are very active outdoors , all year long , and also play hockey , so I figured this would be perfect . Every time I have seen her the past 8 months , she raves about this product . I plan to send her the toddler one soon , to avoid her son growing out of it for next fall/winter .
 everyone that has winters like wyoming should have one ... . very convenient , easy to use and really keeps the children warm . With our long winters in WY , owning a JJ Cole Bundle Me in this size is worth every penny , get them as early as when your child is 6 months old ... toddlers will grow into it . The fabric inside is so soft and and it warms up really quick . great product all over !!!!
 I love this item , only gave it 4 stars because it is not white as described . It is a light silver color . However , i did keep it because it goes with the infant carrier perfectly .
 This bundler is super soft and cozy for my 8 month old . The product is just as described and good quality .
 I could n't live without this ! We live in the Pacific NW so it can be cold and dreary but my 14 month old stays toasty warm in this : -RCB-
 You will not find a better swaddling blanket ! It is made of fantastically soft flannel and is the perfect size and shape to swaddle your little one in the first months to keep him warm and secure . All the colors it comes in are also tender and whispery.I have tried many different swaddling blankets with my first child and never found the perfect one , he always seemed to wiggle his way out of each and every one . When I was pregnant with my second , I have found the LullaWrap and , impressed by its description , purchased four . I have never regretted buying it , in fact , I was amazed and delighted with both the quality and the design of it every time I used it.Stock up a bit on these , as babies frequently have accidents and you 'll want a few clean ones before you get a chance to wash them .
 I live in Northern GA and when I got pregnant I lived in Southern LA , never thinking I would need something heavier than a blanket for my infant son . After the first morning of scraping the frost off the front of my car with my 4 month old son waiting patiently inside the house for the car to warm up , I realized that I was wrong . I have the Graco Windsor Snugride travel system , so I ordered the Celadon Bundle Me , thinking that the two greens would match . It is not a perfect match , so I probably should have ordered the graphite instead , but as far as the product goes , my son loves it . I even unzip the top cover and use it as a mat when we play at friends ' houses or when we visit family as a top cover in his Pack and Play . My son likes to snuggle down into the Bundle Me and I like that I can just unzip part of it while we 're driving if he starts to get hot . I definitely suggest this for anyone who lives in a somewhat chilly area . I will probably invest in the Lite version once spring arrives ; anything so my son does n't have to get bulked up with a sweater or jacket just to be comfortable in the weather .
 My husband and I love this bundleme ! Our daughter was born in early December and she has been warm and cozy every time we 've had to leave the house . We live in South Dakota so the winter can be quite cold and very windy . We have not had any worries that our baby is n't warm enough . Definitely worth every penny .
 This is the BEST product ever to to buy for a baby in the winter time ! It is so easy to put in and SO much easier then trying to keep the blanket covered up over them . I love mine so much and have been complimented by so many people ! I even bought my friend one to keep her little girl warm and she loves it !
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 I love the valance ; even cuter than the pictures online.The purpose of this review is to correct an earlier review which gave incorrect measurements of the item . Like that reviewer , I could n't find the measurements of the valance anywhere online , but then I read their review which gave the measurements at 14 x 88 inches -LRB- as told to them by the Kidsline customer service -RRB- , and I went ahead and ordered only one.I actually have this valance now , and the correct measurements as printed on the package are 15 x 60 inches . I wish I had known ahead of time , as I actually needed two due to the real measurements .
 Unlike the other review that suggested getting 2x the size of your window -- I would get the perfect fit . You want to see these cute sea animals they should n't be all gathered together so you ca n't see them . The valance in the picture looks wrinkled and the actual valance is so much CUTER in person . I have one very small window -LRB- only about 24 inches long -RRB- . We cut one of the valances in half . With the two extra panels on the valance we made two pillows . I am not a crafty person and it was so EASY . The valance is lined so all we did was put in stuffing and sew up the sides . I also think you could make wall hangings maybe with ribbon as well .
 It would be very helpful to know the measurements of the valance so you know how many packages you have to purchase to cover the size window you have ! Since I could n't find any websites -LRB- including the manufacturer 's ! -RRB- that had this information , I called Kid 's Line and asked . They told me this valance measures 88 inches by 14 inches . Plan on purchasing at least 2x the size of your window . Hope this information is helpful ...
 These are the cutest valances for a baby 's nursery . I have also bought the coordinating bedding -LRB- which is hard to find -RRB- , but it is absolutely the cutest nursery collection that I have seen !
 Pros
 I researched many many strollers when I was creating a baby registry , and Peg Perego Venezia came up as a winner because of the following key features :1 . Reversible handle . I did n't realize how important and convenient this is until I actually used it - to shield the child from wind/rain/sun and to enable the baby to face you when he 's sleeping .2 . Reclines completely flat . Most strollers claim to be infant-friendly with a full recline , but few truly are . Most still have a small angle . But since I was looking for an infant-to-toddler stroller , I wanted the stroller to recline completely like a pram . This stroller does that .3 . HUGE basket . I do some shopping while I 'm walking the baby to save time , and this basket is very convenient .4 . Boot . It 's nice and cozy and is made of thick fabric .5 . Bar handle , as opposed to two handles for each hand . This makes steering with one hand much easier .6 . Maneuverability - it 's quite responsive , turns well and fits well in the shopping isles of a store or supermarket .7 . Folds upright - I did not want a stroller that I 'd have to put on the ground to fold , especially in a bad weather . But this stroller folds upright , and can stand on its own in the folded position . It has handles on each side to carry it .8 . Fits well into the trunk of my car . I tried it with Mazda Protege and Toyota Corolla , and had no problems.This stroller has a few inconveniences :1 . The boot can not be completely detached from the stroller , and when not in use , has to be stored in the basket . It 's a pity , because it it will take quite a lot of space in the basket , and the large basket on this stroller is one of the nice features .2 . Yes , the cup holder is useless . I wish it would have some kind of a tray like the Gracos do . But the cup holder hooks are great for hanging small-medium sized bags on , increasing your shopping capacity.In addition , there 's one major disappointment - the wheels . They will get stuck on any bump/crack that 's over 1/2 an inch , and will barely move on grass , gravel , snow , etc. . I 'm a city dweller , so I mostly walk on paved sidewalks and it 's not that big of an issue . However , now that the winter 's here , I 'm finding strolling through the ice/snow very frustrating.In conclusion , I love the features , not too bothered by the inconveniences , but very frustrated with the wheels . But everything is a compromise . I was looking for an infant-to-toddler stroller that 's reasonably compact and comfortable for both mom and baby . This stroller almost has it . I would recommend it only if you live in a city , though . If you 're planning to walk anywhere where there are unpaved/cracked/bumpy roads , do n't get it .
 This stroller is the best ! I use it so much I actually wore the treads off of the tires . It has sturdy construction , is easy to clean and has terrific features . The handle can move so you can view your child as you push the stroller or reverse the handle so your little one can see where you are going . The seat has three adjustable positions so that your child can sit straight up , recline or lay down . The tires are positionable making it easier to push the stroller depending on the placement of the handle . It has a removable snack tray and it comes with a removable cover to keep baby warm and the shade can be pushed completely over the stroller shielding your baby from rain , wind and snow . The handle bar is also adjustable making it easier for you to push the stroller . It is light and easy to open and close . It is a bit pricy , but definately well worth it .
 I researched strollers for a very long time and decided to buy both the Venezia and the Aria . The Venezia is a full size stroller , but I am able to get it in and out of my SUV rather easily . It folds up quite easily and is comfortable to push around the mall . My child is now ready to move from her Peg car seat , which is also very nice , and sit like a big girl in the stroller . The material is beautiful and the entire stroller is well made and very stylish . I also purchased the Aria as a light weight stroller for the grandma 's to use.I highly reccomend the Venezia and the Aria stroller . I would never think of purchasing anything else . Pegs last for years to come . Do n't think twice about spending extra money for the Peg . Enjoy !
 We are very pleased with our peg venezia . In as much as it has a few shortcommings , -LRB- as discussed by the review about the boot -RRB- It does have many positive atributes which make the cost feel like value . We would really give it 41/2 stars but that was not an option ... the only thing that keeps this from being a 5 star stroller is that it has plastic wheels.Great Features
 I agree with the previous poster that it is unfortunate that the boot does not come off and has to be stored in the basket underneath . That aside , it is a very nice stroller . I bought this stroller almost a year ago for my son and it 's been wonderful . It was great when he was an infant and I could use it like an old fashioned baby carriage with him fully reclined . Now that he 's older -LRB- 10 months -RRB- he can sit upright and has lots of room . The best thing about this stroller , in my opinion , is that it is full size with lots of features but it is not as bulky as some of the full size Graco strollers . I would highly recommend this stroller .
 I have always been impressed with any Peg Perego product . My sister used it for her children , so I thought why change a good thing . I never had any complaints about their product until today.The weather got warmer and I wanted to remove the boot to put it into storage . To my surprise , I could n't get it off . I did n't get instructions with the stroller , so I called the company directly . I was told that it does n't come off and that it just gets tucked under into the basket . They said if I removed the boot I would scratch the frame because the rod is not that easy to loosen . Why on earth would they design it this way ?????? I mean there are snaps all over the stroller . Could n't they make it so this boot snaps off -LRB- easy on and off -RRB- ??? How do they expect us to clean this part?To Boot -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , the large basket that is oh so wonderful , now becomes the storage area for this piece . The boot takes away from that spacious basket that I love so much .
 We 've used this stroller for four years and two kids . Once you figure out what goes where , it 's definitely worth the money . Friends have said they wish they would 've gotten this stoller because it 's easy to maneuver and is lightweight .
 We have had a Venezia for 3 years . Great durability and excellent features.We live in a small city in Italy where cobblestone is the norm , and we have n't had any problems with the wheels or driving . It is easy to fold and fits in the trunk of even the smallest cars -- just heavy if you have to carry it on the bus.As for the boot , please note that IT IS COMPLETELY DETACHABLE !!!! Other reviewers have criticized the stroller because the boot is supposedly not detachable , but we leave it in the garage all summer and put it back on in the winter . In order to detach it , unsnap all of the snaps , release the handle so that it is not locked into any position , and remove . Then relock the handle into the desired position . Simple as that.We love this stroller , but remember that it is a large stroller . If you travel by bus often , get something smaller as backup or pick up a front baby carrier .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 I would n't even call it a blanket , it 's more of an all purpose matt . It is so silky soft and durable . My 14 month old son tries hard to dirty it at times , but it 's really easy to wipe off , and it 's easy to tote around b/c it folds nice and is so compact . We use it everywhere -LRB- grass , sand , on concrete @ Disney -RRB- , it 's nice that it 's waterproof and I think it 's thicker than a traditional blanket . I also love the chocolate/pink stripes , the picture does n't do it justice ; it 's really beautiful . This blanket is awsome !!!
 This padded blanket is thick enough to pad whatever you are sitting on , plus heavy enough not to blow in the wind or get wadded up under wiggly people . Just shake the sand off , or wipe off any spills . -LRB- The only thing that stained it was red clay from a lake . -RRB- It 's perfect for the little babies at the park or beach , but it 's also great for adults and big kids . The only draw back is that it is n't light to carry , but it folds neatly and easily and comes with a great strap .
 I completely agree with everything I. Szulewski said ! :-RRB- It could n't be said better . I bought another outdoor blanket which actually has blanket/cloth material on the surface you sit on , which works out great for cold weather days but if you 're at the park or beach EVERYTHING sticks to it and it 's a royal pain to try and get it out . With this blanket , everything slides or wipes right off . It looks great . It 's a great size . It 's compact and folds super easily . HIghly recommend it ! I get it as a gift for everyone having a baby . It 's a must-have .
 I use this mat daily for my `` Baby Bootcamp '' class I take , and I use it mostly in the grass . It is VERY easy to clean -LRB- with a damp sponge -RRB- and is more water resistant than a Tuffo mat . I did n't give it a 5-star because it does n't always fold up easy -LRB- when you fold it up you really have to squish all the air out -RRB- so most of the time I do n't velcro it up closed . I get a lot of compliments on the colors .
 I bought this blanket in the cocoa bubbles pattern and really like how attractive it is and how sturdy it feels . My one year old hopped on it as soon as I unpacked it . He kept crawling to the edge , then back to the middle , and bouncing around to express his approval . I think it will work well at the beach and for any time we are on the grass.Two minor problems
 We go on picnics all summer and this is great ! It 's soft and water repellent so any liquid spills are not absorbed and can easily be wiped off . It 's super cute and easy to store and tote along plus it 's thick enough that even if you do pick a picnic spot with sticks and rocks underneath , you wo n't feel anything poke through.It 's pretty big as far as picnic blankets go and if they were to offer a blanket a few sizes larger , I would buy it in a heartbeat . This sized blanket can comfortably seat 2 adults with picnic meals . 4 adults comfortably if there 's nothing to eat and they 're just keeping their bums dry.It 's not a blanket that will keep you warm , so do n't expect to be able to snuggle up under it or with it - it 's a picnic blanket for sitting , eating and relaxing on . I love it and have taken it to concerts in the park , picnics , festivals , wineries - basically any place where we might want to relax outdoors and not worry about finding provided seating .
 We 've used this blanket a lot in the short time we 've had it . It has served us well for picnics and also for a place for my infant son to play without getting wet or dirty . It wipes clean easily and packs up nicely . The only design flaw is the velcro on the outside of it for keeping it put together ... When the blanket is spread out on the ground the velcro faces the ground and gets seeds and other ground crap embedded in it . I can not think of a better solution that would keep the blanket convenient and one-hand-usable -LRB- other hand holding a baby -RRB- like the velcro , but picking out seeds and such is annoying . Despite that , we are glad we have it and everything else has lived up to the product description .
 I bought this blanket for my 5 month year old son to play on and do tummy time . It 's so soft and easy to fold up to store away . Great for traveling also ! The only thing is that the velcro catches a ton of debris and it 's hard to remove it . Minor thing but annoying .
 I LOVE this blanket ! We bought based on other reviews and I have been so pleased with the purchase . It is a wonderful fabric that is nice to lay on . It feels very silky & the colors are great . Grass , sand , and dirt slip off the top with ease . Very effective waterproof bottom . It is designed with guide marks and a small folding guide that make it a breeze to fold back up . If you are looking for a blanket -- this is a great choice !
 This is exactly what I was looking for . I needed something so that I can sit with my new baby and not have to worry about the blanket blowing all over the place ... This has enough weight in where it will stay where you put it . I did have some concerns that other reviewers where saying about an smell from the blanket . The minute I opened up the packaging , I took a big wiff and I could n't smell anything . So maybe the issue of the smell was fixed , or maybe I lucked out from a production line perspective . Overall I am very satisfied with the quality of this blanket .
 Just received this item today after seeing it at a friend 's house . It is so great and so handy . I noticed another review said the colour really is n't grey ... but this is not the case . Also it is half the cost on amazon than at Toys R Us . It was $ 50 there.worth ordering online . Mulitpurpose not just for babies !
 We are very pleased with this purchase . The design is great . The quality is superb . It 's easy to unfold and use and then easy to fold back up again .
 This is a terrific product -- the bottom is incredibly thick and waterproof , the top is soft and comfortable . While it 's a bit heavy to carry around , it 's worth it . Good for parks , beaches , and is easily large enough for 4 adults to sit on . I compared many outdoor `` blankets , '' and am so glad I chose this one .
 Awesome deal , the quality , the price and the shipment were superb.Easily folds up for carrying with the shoulder straps . If your looking fora way to carry a beach / picnic blanket that is reasonably priced withno hassles and with ease this is what your looking for .
 I bought this item for use at the beach . I lay it down first and then put my towels over it . It is a great item and I 'm glad I have it . Easy to carry and fold up after use , and the sand seems to fall right off when I shake it .
 This is an awesome blanket . It 's actually much more like an all purpose mat . It is padded , very durable and super easy to wipe clean - as a bonus it looks great too . It 's the perfect size for a picnic . My 9 month old crawls around on it daily at the park and it has held up beautifully . The best part is it folds up SO easy and once it 's folded up its nice and compact and fits great in stroller or it also has a strap so you can just throw it over your shoulder . No complaints - very well made product .
 I was n't sure about buying this after reading some of the reviews but it is exactly what I was looking for . We like to play outside and the grass is often wet but with this we can still sit outside and not worry about getting wet ! It packs up easily and over all I 'm thrilled .
 This product is awesome . It is easy to set up , heavy weight/durable , easy to clean off and fold up ! Perfect for day trips and just sitting out in the grass . Easy to carry ! Baby-proof . Stays where you put it , even with babies walking all over it . Great product . Definitly worth the money .
 I love this blanket . It 's perfect size for carrying around . I hang it off my son 's stroller and we can walk around the city but can stop in the park at any time and can unroll it for him to play on . It 's nice also for picnics . We fit 5 adults and my infant on it quite comfortably . I 'm sure it would be great for the beach too . It 's also super easy to clean . It sponges right off . Fantastic product .
 Our friends had one of these and we thought it was perfect for small babies playing outside in the grass - so we got one too ! Much more useful than a lot of our other baby gear . We even took it on a hike last weekend -LRB- it 's a little heavy to bother carrying for 6 miles in hills though , so we probably wo n't do that again -RRB- . The pink an brown colour scheme is very pretty too .
 Great Outdoor blanket , big enough for my little one and I to play on and stay off the grass ! I can not wait to take it to the beach this summer . The wipeable material is great for spills or drool !
 I bought this blanket mostly to use under my three year old 's play table -- so he could paint and play with play dough on top of our new light tan carpet . It 's great for protecting the carpet -- anything on it cleans up easily . My only complaint is that it moves around easily -- bunches up and I have to straighten it out to keep the carpet covered . I 've also used it outside on a cold autumn afternoon for a picnic . Kept grass stains off me and gave us a nice bit of insulation from the cold ground . Despite the tendency to bunch up when on top of a carpet , I 'm really glad I got it and would certainly recommend it .
 It is totally waterproof and easy to fold up and it also fits great on the handles of my Bob stroller ... It was a worthwhile purchase . .
 Great to have in the back of the car for the summer events that you 'll find yourself at , and random trips to the park . It 's so compact , and very resistant to water . -LRB- Just do n't sit it a puddle ! -RRB- It dries really quickly too . I have n't washed it yet , I have n't needed to ! I 'd buy this again !
 This blanket is great ! Most meaningful to me is that it 's waterproof , so even if the ground is wet , I 'm not . It 's pretty easy to spot clean with a wet wipe , but you can also put it in a commercial-sized washer -LRB- I 've yet to do this -RRB- . Folds compactly and has a carry strap .
 We were tired of always bringing around blankets for pinics and park days . We saw one of these in action at a birthday party and fell in love.These things are awesome!Pros : - Never have to bring a blanket again-They can wipe clean-They are water proof-Easy to wash-They are so easy to travel withCons : - I just wish they were a little bigger , we had to get two
 This was extremely useful when I first had my son . It lived in the car and went to the park , the beach , as well as the garden . Easy to roll and unroll with one hand if you have to hold the baby too . Colours are n't too bright nor yucky and it looks like it will last many more years .
 I love this blanket . Colors are great , and very cute . I ca n't wait till spring and get some good use of it at the park !
 I use this for picnics , and it 's terrific . The dirt and grass brushes right off , and it folds into a compact carrying case . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Great waterproof blanket for a picnic , for the beach , for anything outdoors . It is portable , easy to clean , and multi functional .
 Easy to fold with a stiffer panel to use as your guide to fold it up perfectly every time . Easy to wipe off . We LOVE it !!!
 Got this blanket for the beach . It was perfect . It folds up quickly and stays in place better than most blankets or towels . It also did n't get hot in the sun . Once we got home , we just cleaned it off with the water hose and it was as good as new .
 Folds nice , stays put in wind , nice size - just wish it did n't smell so toxic/smelly . Smell is better after washing though .
 This blanket is awesome !! We use it often outside - it 's easy to fold up and transport . We like it so well , we purchased 2 .
 i have n't played a whole lot with it , but i have seen it like the color . material . made for outdoor picnics .
 Love this item ... perfect for baby and family . easy to clean and durable . it works great for our family and we will be buying a second one . .
 The color is pretty and the material for picnic or camping is just great . My family just enjoy it . The only drawback is the belt whcih can not be removed when in use .
 We 've bought several JJ Cole branded items and have always been happy with the quality . This is easy to clean -LRB- wipe off -RRB- and very compact .
 I purchased this item for my baby 's outdoor play in garden . It 's super convenient to fold unfold , and the way it folds keeps the surface clean -LRB- not contacting the flip side which touches wet lawn etc -RRB- .
 I take this with us every time we go on a trip to the coast . It is perfect for sitting or laying on for the beach . Never lets the dampness of the wet sand through and is a lot more comfortable than a towel any day .
 This is an excellent size , easy to clean and very pretty . I use it to take my baby to the park and sit on the grass ! It folds easily and becomes like a hand bag .
 Product is exactly as described . Very simple to use and very portable , not very heavy although it may be a little bulky . Has some slight padding , fits two sized adults fairly comfortably , definitely protects against wet grass , light stains are easy to wipe up . The gray/green color looks exactly like the picture . It served its purpose well .
 If there were 10 stars for the rating system instead of 5 , I would probably give it 9 out of 10 . It 's a great product but it 's not exactly what I was expecting . Yes , it 's big enough for 2 adults and a picnic basket -LRB- not really much more -RRB- . Yes , the handle is nice so it folds into a purse-like contraption for carrying . And yes , the backing seems to keep out the moisture since we last tested it on a moist lawn . But the top material is sort of plasticy . It 's not crinkly cheap plastic , but it 's not comfortable like a soft blanket . I guess there are give-and-takes when it comes to trying to stay dry or using a traditional blanket.I got several other picnic items at the same time on Amazon so check out those reviews as well . And let me know if you find them helpful !
 This is a very easy to use beach blanket , especially when small children are involved . I was able to fold it up while standing with the wind blowing . The strap makes it easy to carry across the body so that your arms are free to tend to other things . My girls got it wet as well as sand on it , I simply shake it off and kept going . I am a large woman and it was able to accomodate myself and my two daughters -LRB- 3 & 4 yrs . old -RRB- , a cousin -LRB- 3 yrs . old -RRB- and a friend in her twenties , we sat . I recommend this blanket due to its compact convenience and durability .
 Its nice thick waterproof backing protects us from dew , dirt , ants , prickle-weeds , etc. . I use it outside in the grass and inside on a carpet or floor -LRB- it 's not padded so remember that if using on a very hard surfaces -RRB- . It easily folds and velcros shut -LRB- you can even do it one-handed -RRB- . The top layer is loose from the base layer so can be a little slippery , but the blanket sewn into 4 sections which helps with that .
 We took this blanket to Hawaii and loved it ! I have a 4 month old , so we laid her down on it on the beach or grass and she could enjoy the outdoors without getting sandy or wet.It is very large , so even folded up , it is bulky , but well worth it in my opinion . I 'll keep it in my car for trips to the park or lake . It cleans up quite easily .
 What a great product . Im so pleased I registered for it and gratefully received it from a generous friend . It is built durably , folds compactly , and promises many enjoyable trips and picnics in the park with baby . highly recommend .
 Such a great product , can be used anywhere to keep kids clean and off the ground . Beautiful colors and it rolls up and stores so easily . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that it is n't all that easy to clean . Just a wipe wo n't get dirt or food stains off . And there is a harder plastic piece inside that helps with the roll up of the mat - after a year or so it lost flexibility and stays curled up a bit , just a slight tripping hazard for little kids , but still totally worth the money . One of my favorite gifts to give new moms at baby showers .
 We needed something that worked on wet grass and this is just the right blanket . I constantly get comments from people asking where they can get it .
 I bought this a couple weeks ago to use at my sons football practices.I have a one and 3 year old and I love it ! love it ! . It 's easy to fold up , and very easy to clean , material is soft and very pretty . I 'm very pleased !
 Beautiful colors . Nice with attached carry case . Will be perfect on a picnic if the mosquitos ever leave Maine .
 I love this blanket and use it at least 3 times a week . It 's so nice for the park and other play dates we may attend . It washes up very easily and nicely in the washer and then hang to dry . All my mom friends want one after they see how nice my blanket is and how we do n't get wet because it 's so thick and waterproof . This a great shower gift too !
 Great find ! the lining is so soft and the outside is waterproof . the strap is great for attaching to my stroller so I always have it around just in case we end up in the park . my only complaint is that its a little heavy , but what can you do ? not sure you can get a blanket that 's such a nice size and of such high quality that its n't going to have some heft to it !
 We bought this blanket for our vacation to the beach . Our 7 month old daughter loves to be outside . We have found it to be great for spending time in the backyard as well . It is easy to clean and easy to fold and carry . I would recommend this blanket for anyone with small children .
 This blanket is great . I know it will be used for many years . I have an 8 month old and we love bringing this outside and to ball games . No worries about getting wet by dew . Folds up super quick . I LOVE IT !!!!!
 I like the size . It 's perfect to put it both indoors and outdoors . And it 's very easy to clean too.I wish it were slightly thicker . Other than that , it 's beautiful !
 I purchased this item to have a durable outdoors blanket . We 've only used it once so far but that was at the beach and it held up well . Would definitely recommend .
 We used it for the first time today and I absolutely love it ! :-RRB- It 's big enough , not too heavy and easy to fold . I 'm glad I bought it ! : -RRB-
 We took this blanket to the beach and got sand all over it , and it cleans very well . Beautiful color and fabric . I would definitely buy this again . The size is a bit small -LRB- check the dimensions -RRB- , and I wished they offered this blanket in a larger size .
 This blanket is great for damp grass or spills . Cleans easy and has just a slight cushion that helps when sitting on pavement . It looks great and folds up easy for carrying .
 I have used this product almost every day since I got it ! You open it up , and lay it down and my baby and her friends crawl all around -LRB- luckily a few of us have one , so we create one giant area for them -RRB- . It is waterproof - great for when my friends baby spit up all over it - a quick wipe and it was clean . It folds up pretty easily - a bit bulky - but you can get it closed and the carry strap is a nice feature . The size is good for maybe 2 active/crawling babies ... . This item makes a great gift - I got one for my sister and she also loves it for her 2 kids . I plan on using this in the backyard , at the park , at the beach ... everywhere ! Love this blanket !
 This is perfect for a day at the park or a day at the beach . It cleans up nicely and I love how it folds into a bag . It does n't take up very much space at all . I keep it in my trunk all the time ; you never know when it will come in handy .
 My mom wanted a blanket durable enough to handle the chewing habits of our dogs . She came across this one , and besides loving the pattern , the price was hard to beat . She loved it so much , that I had to order 2 more for her . It 's great that easily portable , but she bought it more for it 's durability and she 's very pleased with her purchase .
 We purchased this when my first child was about 5 months old and are still using it -LRB- he is now 3 and has a little sister -RRB- . We initially bought it for indoor use - my son spit up all the time and we got tired of washing blankets ! This was perfect for keeping the floor clean and it was so easy to clean off ! It is also incredibly portable - it folds up so easily and the detachable carrying strap is great . We have used it for countless playdates - both indoors and out - and this mat is still in excellent condition over 3 years later . It has become our staple baby gift for our friends having babies . We are sure to let them know that it is much more than a picnic blanket -LRB- although it is great for that too -RRB- . We can not say enough good things about this product !
 This blanket is fantastic ! I bought this back in May and we got lots of use out of it over the summer . We used it for everything from picnics in the backyard to laying out on the beach . It 's super easy to clean , and nice and big enough for all four members of our family to sit and play on . What I really loved is how the sand from the beach shakes right off , it does n't find its way down into the fibers like towels . The way it folds is genius . It 's super quick and easy , and the strap really comes in handy when you have your hands full.Overall a GREAT product that we will get many , many years of use from !
 I love this blanket ! We 've used it on table tops as a table cloth at rest stops or other public picnic tables . It is so heavy that it does n't blow away . My boys -LRB- 23 months -RRB- sit on the table top and eat . Of course , it is great for picnics on the ground too . So easy to throw in the washing machine when we get home . One problem we had is a snap on the strap broke , but we went to Lowe 's and bought a snap kit . We have n't had any more problems . I love the colors -LRB- on all the options -RRB- , but the red is awesome .
 This product is excellent value for the money . It is small but works very well for picnic and parks . It is easy to fold and clean and takes very less space in the trunk .
 The smell was potent out of the box and did sort of get stuck in my nose for a few minutes , but once I opened up the blanket there was no problem . I even put it up to my nose and smelled it and it was not the greatest smell but definitely not toxic . I used it at the park the next day and could not smell anything bad from it . Not a big deal!The carrying case is convenient and easy to close . Super easy to fold and no problem getting the Velcro to match up and stay secure.Buuuuuut , the main reason I got it was because the grass at our local park is always really moist . I used it there and inevitably water soaked through the blanket where I was sitting and gotmy pants all wet . Kind of a bummer . I 'm not sure if other blankets couldve withstood the wetness of the grass either but who knows.Also , I got the gray/green one but was disappointed at how masculine it looks . Army colorish in real life . Not very gender neutral like I thought it would be . I would 've liked the red stripes or bubble one but those were 3-6 weeks delay in shipping and I wanted the blanket for a park event this week.All in all I thnk it will come in handy and will be convenient to use , just not anywhere really damp !
 This blanket , with its felt side and waterproof opposite side , is perfect for family picnics , lawn concerts or even outdoor events in bad weather when it can be used as a stadium blanket . Folds itself into a large hanging bag with shoulder strap . Perfect for 2 adults , 2 kids and accompanying gear.JJ Cole Collections All-Purpose Blanket , Gray/Green
 So awesome ! We got this as a gift with our 2nd baby and I love it . Awesome when we go to birthday parties for the older one . Can lay the blanket down and all the little ones crawl all over on a clean surface . I love how it folds so nicely , I can even do it with one hand and a baby on the other hip . Highly recommended .
 I had purchased this item perviously for a gift and planned on purchasing one for myself to keep in the car . I had to wait as it was n't available only to be sent the item in a different pattern . The pattern -LRB- stripes -RRB- I received is fine , but definitely not the cocoa bubble pattern that I waited for . As it is n't imperative that I have the cocoa bubble pattern , I am keeping the item I received , but it was a disappointment after having to wait .
 This blanket is ideal for picnics at the park and days at the beach . I use it so often that I keep it in my trunk . It 's a good size -LRB- would easily hold a family of 4-6 sitting up -RRB- , super easy to keep clean -LRB- just wipes off -RRB- , truly waterproof , and folds up easily . I also love the shoulder strap - makes it easy to carry around . Highly recommended !
 I have used this blanket primarily on grass for a clean place for baby to play . It folds easily to a convenient size . I did not find it heavy to carry . I am very happy with this product .
 I bought this after seeing a friend 's , and I love it ! We use it for our 6 month old baby - we have hard wood floors and I 've been looking for something that he can lay on and roll on , but that I can put away when done so we can have our living room back . We use it daily ; I only wish it were a bit thicker because now that he 's rolling over and lifting his head , when he gets tired , he kind of hits his head on the floor . I 've taken it outside , to friends ' houses - you name it . Easy to carry , transport , clean , etc. .
 Our son is the spit up king . Never has bothered him much , but our carpet would tell you different.We bought this to protect our carpet from tidal waves of sour milk , as well as to protect our babe 's sensitive skin from the carpet -LRB- while we could . -RRB- If you get to the spit up relatively quickly , you can wipe it up without having any soak in . It 's definitely not waterproof , but much better than the carpet or a blanket -LRB- which we were washing almost every day -RRB- . It folds up very easy into a what looks like a little bag -LRB- it 's not a bag -RRB- ; it 's a super idea.We -LRB- meaning he -RRB- stopped using this when he started scooting all over the house . I also was skeptical that it may have been inhibiting his learning to crawl because it is so slippery ! It 's sitting in the car trunk now , but I think it will work really well to keep in the car as an outdoor blanket to watch fireworks , etc. .
 I purchased this blanket after sharing one with a friend . I liked it so much I had to have one of my own ! We used it at a kids concert while sitting on the grass . It 's perfect for picnics . I leave it in the car and use it for diaper changes in the car too ! Great product ! Great value ! Multiple uses !
 It 's big -LRB- for an infant -RRB- , it cleans up easy , and it 's relatively cheap . Not unattractive , either . If it just folded up a bit more easily , I 'd give it five stars . As it is , we have n't found a better ground blanket for our babies .
 The blanket is very useful , very easy to fold out and in . We use it at the park and at the beach
 So I bought this blanket with an Easter picnic in mind . Our church always has an Easter celebration at one of our members ' farm and with a 15 month old I figured something to sit on would be great . I ca n't express my delight with this purchase enough . We purchased the red/grey and received so many complements . It was heavy enough that we did n't have to weigh down the corners , but when it was time to go the wet grass wiped right off and it folded up perfectly . What the picture does n't show is that the `` fold '' seams are sewn so you can fold it up perfectly every time . It fit perfectly under the stroller and the built in handle was great after that.This has been one of my favorite , most versitile , purchases in a long time .
 Easy to clean , great size , versatile , fold up to a compact size that is easy to take around . A great purchase !
 As I said before , just what i was looking for , even the people in the street stop me to ask me for detail about the product .
 This is a great blanket . Perfect for the beach , park or backyard . It is very easy to fold . The Velcro is on the bottom so it picks up grass and dirt but overall it is a wonderful blanket . The top fabric is very soft and easy to clean .
 I can use the blanket anywhere , everywhere ! It 's very soft and nice to use . It folds very nicely and can be very compact . It 's a waterproof , so even if the ground is wet , you wo n't be wet at all . The blanket is also very durable and can take some heavy beating . I love this blanket !
 I 've had one of these blankets for 5-6 years . It 's a great blanket . Not good on wet grass . The seat of my pants were soaked after watching my daughters play soccer . Do not use on wet surface the water will seep through .
 This is a must have for all moms . It folds up to easily fit on a stroller . The material is waterproof and perfect for the park or beach .
 This beautiful blanket is useful for picnics , fireworks , any evening event , or any time the grass or ground is damp due to rain or dew.Tiny children love the bubble pattern , toddlers love the comfort of landing on it instead of the pebbled ground , and parents lovethe ease of packing and washing to keep in the car for star-gazing , park lounging or any-time relaxing . Good to go !
 This blanket is large compared to other beach blankets I 've seen , heavy enough to stay down on a windy day , and the sand will shake right off . Exciting !
 It is a must have for any new yorker that has a lot of events outdoors ... or for anyone who enjoys sitting in the park ... good size !! The actual print in the blanket was a little bit different than the one from the picture , but it was still nice !
 My husband registered for this blanket which is more of a soft and flexible mat . And we have used this quite a bit . We have a 4 four year old and twin toddlers and this has had many uses . Naturally we take it with us wherever we go when we know we are going to have to sit and picnic . The best part about this blanket is it is somewhat water proof . Sitting on it on wet grass and you can hardly tell that is wet . But we have also used it as a splat mat for under the highchairs for meal time and art time . The great thing is this blanket is ultra durable and been thrown in the wash several hundreds of times ! It truly is a versatile blanket and a must have for active families . I just wish sometimes that it was bigger as most of our friends also like to take a seat on it when we pull it out on our playgroup activities !
 Like the size of this blanket and the fact that it 's waterproof on the bottom ... easy to carry too .
 This is by no means a blanket , but it is a nice waterproof mat . I like the large size . I bought it to take my baby to the park and have a blanket for the grass at different events . We plan on using it at the beach this summer , I think it would be perfect for the sand . I am afraid the white stripes are going to get dirty . Best feature
 The quality of this blanket is nice and it folds up for easily carry . My only small complaint is that I wish it was a foot larger in both directions . Still , it was worth the price .
 I bought this outdoor blanket over the slightly larger blanket by Tuffo because of the great reviews . I 've only used it outside on the deck a few times , and it works well overall . I would prefer a slightly bigger blanket like Tuffo 's 5 ' x 7 ' blanket and would have purchased the Tuffo if it had n't received multiple complaints about how slippery the surface is . There is also very slight padding , which is adequate . I do use a few baby blankets under my son when he is on the outdoor blanket for extra cushion . Overall , I give it four stars because of that size and because mine has a very strong gasoline-like smell to it .
 I purchased the JJ Cole All Purpose Blanket in the Gray/Green color . I 've used the blanket several times and am very happy with my purchase . I have to agree with other reviewers that the Gray color is more of a dark sage green . Although the color looks different in person , it is really pretty & I like it a lot ! The blanket is so easy to unfold & fold . I can unfold it using one hand & it only takes seconds to fold it back . Something that is not mentioned in the description or on other reviews is that there is a pocket on the outside when the blanket is folded up into the tote . It 's nice to leave in the back of your car & grab when you need it . If I had to change one thing about the blanket it would be to make it a bit longer , but overall a great blanket to use anywhere !
 This is an awesome must have ! I got this a gift while expecting , and it 's on of my favorite things . . Fits perfect under the stroller , or I use the carry strap when we are stroller free . Easy to keep clean and comforatable for the park , outdoor concerts , soccer games , everything ! This is a must have for anoyone that enjoys relaxing out doors !
 This blanket is awesome - grass , sand , dirt , whatever ... now my baby has a clean place to play anywhere we go ! It cleans up well , packs easily , and is soft to lay on . The size is adequate for a few people to sit on it .
 We were looking for a nice multifunction blanket for beach , picnic , pool , etc. and found this . I know the colors are a little off from the photo but I agree with another review I read -- I like the actual color better . Our little girl loves playing on it , rolling around , working on crawling and getting dried off on it after a dip in the pool . And I love the built in fold guides and the carry strap !
 We received the blanket just in time for the beach - and it is wonderful ! No sand , no stains , no fuss . Highly recommend for parents of little ones .
 I love this blanket and we brought it to a beach . My 15 month had a nap on it and it 's definitely softer than a beach blanket . All my friends love it and want to get one .
 I love everything about it . I like the color , pattern , etc. . Very high quality and it 's water-resistant . The fact that it folds to a small `` purse '' is very cool and convenient . Very practical product if you like to do things outside -LRB- park , beach , etc. . -RRB-
 This is a must have blanket especially with kids . We 've used this at the park , on the lawn , for picnics and at the beach . It is easy to clean and dirt/sand brushes off without hassle .
 I bought this blanket just in time for a beach trip based on the other reviews . It is just as they said ... easy to fold/unfold , easy to wipe off , super versatile , attractive . We used it on vacation every day -- on sand , on grass , on pavement , inside . Great product !
 I 'm pleased with the quality of this blanket -LRB- except one area where it looks like it slipped on the sewing machine and pulled the fabric into a near-by seam -RRB- . It 's a good size for two adults or one adult and two kids . And it packs up into it 's own carring case very easily .
 I have a 9 month old daughter and wanted a blanket for picnics in the park , etc. . It 's perfect . Nice pattern , good fabric -LRB- easy to clean and will keep bums dry -RRB- , and a great price !
 The zipper on our old outdoor blanket failed a couple years back so we finally decided to replace it.I ordered the gray/green and really like it.It 's true , it 's not as dark with gray as I expected , but I do n't think mine was completely void of the color.I 'm torn about liking the fact that the top material IS N'T fabric like my old blanket . It makes it less comfy , BUT it also makes it more child-spill friendly.All told , good quality and value for the money .
 A really tough , durable blanket that 's soft -LRB- on the side it needs to be -RRB- and easy to pack up and bring with you . Great price as well .
 I bought this blanket for my baby and me to sit on during my sons ' sports practices and it is awesome . Really high quality , durable , and a great price !
 I go to the beach a lot with my kids and this is great ! It is waterproof ! It feels very soft also , and is a perfect size
 I have purchased several of these , one for myself and others for baby gifts . A lot of mothers we know have these as well . We have used ours for soccer games and most recently at the beach for our little girl who did n't want to sit in the sand . We just hose it off when we are done playing at the beach .
 Perfect for both indoor and outdoor . We use it as bub 's play rug inside , where he can drool and lick and crawl around.For outdoors , it works perfectly as a picnic blanket , keeping everything dry on damp ground.The fabric is easy to clean , it looks great , and the way it folds into a pouch is perfect .
 I love this blanket ! It looks great and it feels great . We have used it for picnics a couple of times already . It was a good purchase .
 Love this picnic blanket , waterproof , easy to fold and carry , durable ! Very happy with my purchase , I can see this blanket will last along time .
 Love this blanket . It is great to have when going out to parks or the beach . There is just enough room for him to crawl around a little . He does seem to want to explore what is just off the blanket , but I did n't figure it would be a way to gate him in while outdoors . The only change to the blanket I would make would be to make a protectve sleeve for the velcro when it is unfolded as it tends to have grass and other debris stick to the exposed velcro .
 I 've been using it for so long !! it 's just perfect!I take to the yard , my mom 's , every beach trip , everywhere!Easy to clean , easy to fold , easy to love !
 This blanket is awesome the back side of is like a hard shell and the top portion you sit on is like a waterproof satin material it 's big and practical and folds up into nothing and has a carrying strap , it 's great and we take it every where we go !
 We just got this and used it at the beach and it worked wonderfully . It was quite windy and it did n't blow over or anything . I did n't have to chase it around . Depending on what you want to use it for it will either be too small or just right . I use this for my 7 month old so I do n't have to worry about her eating the ground . Perfect size for my two kids to sit on . If you want to use it for laying out at the beach then it will be too small . Your legs will likely not fit on the blanket . I was hesitant despite the wonderful reviews because people were complaining about the smell . When I opened the bag there was a slight smell but when I opened it up at the beach it was fine . No smell . There was also some concerns about the velcro . It does unfortunately face the ground so it does pick up debris . Overall I am thrilled with this blanket . Not having to chase it around when it is windy is good enough for me .
 This is a really great blanket for picnics . Their tag line should be the same as Timex ... ` takes a licking and keeps on ... ' My daughter has one that has been through a lot with three boys and has held up to all they have to dish out !
 The quality is good , the bottom lining is thick and durable . Very comfortable to sit on . At the beach , it is very easy to brush off any sand that settles on the blanket . There are 3 sewn vertical creases that make it easy to fold up . The only small negative is that it is on the heavier side , but I think it is because the material is thicker , which is the reason I like it better than other blankets anyway . - Plus2 Plus2Is the Bald Eagle Sleeping ?
 I am super impressed by this picnic blanket . I ca n't say enough good about it . I would recommend it to anyone . Perfect for picnics on wet or damp grass , the beach , whatever ! Nothing sticks to it , it is super easy to wipe off , the top part with the design is soft and comfortable , and it is awesome as its own carrying case . So happy with this purchase .
 Bought this before kids for picnics with the hubby and loved it . Now with a little one I ca n't say enough about this blanket ! Virtually stain resistant ! Most `` stains '' come off with a baby wipe ... a wet towel for worst case scenarios . Love how it folds up neatly and does n't heat up too : -RRB-
 Love this waterproof blanket . Nice and big , and keeps you dry even on a lawn covered in dew . I bought it after I noticed all the moms in my Stroller Strides class using it -- big enough for mom to do ab exercises while baby plays next to her ! I liked it so much I bought a second one for my mother in law who babysits a lot . A must for moms .
 I just got this blanket yesterday & I have to say I 'm very pleased . I sat on it on my living room floor and only had mild confusion when trying to fold it back up for the first time . ;-RRB- I 'd recommend this item ! It 's certainly big enough for a family picnic .
 Wish I knew about this product earlier -LRB- 4 yrs later after my 1st child -RRB- ! My son is now in sports and it 's nice to be able to sit on a blanket that wo n't fly away on a windy day , where you 're constantly trying to straighten out the blanket multiple times w / a younger child who is constantly moving , or get your touche wet on those damp days . It 's really soft material which is great for kids . My 4 yr old also loves it even indoors and pretends he is picnicing . It 's a good size -LRB- could be bigger -RRB- , but just so excited that we can finally use this when we need to . Great quality product and the designs are also nice . This will be on my list as a gift for the next parent-to-be !
 This is great for picnics and other outings . It 's pretty , resistant and cleverly designed to be able to carry on your shoulders . We 've used it a few times already and love it . No complaints here .
 We used it yesterday for the 1st time on the grass , great ! Enough room for mom and baby to play :-RRB- Plus SO easy to fold and carry !
 This is a superb blanket , it should be part of your `` essentials . '' It is high quality , durable , and stylish . I ordered the Cocoa with Bubbles -LRB- for my mom -RRB- and the Gray/Red for myself . The colors were true to what I saw on my monitor . It wipes clean ; spills and spit ups from my baby are not a problem ! I 've owned a similar type blanket before -LRB- do n't remember the brand -RRB- but it was n't as easy to fold as this one nor was it waterproof . Aside from using this blanket outdoors on the damp grass , I also use it indoors for baby 's tummytime . I ca n't wait to head out to the beach soon ! Finally a blanket heavy enough that the ocean breeze wo n't blow away ! -LRB- By the way , it 's not that heavy that it 's cumbersome as others may claim , it weighs less than 5 lbs . -RRB-
 I love this blanket . This blanket folds up compactly so I can leave it in the my trunk . When my -LRB- 9 month old -RRB- son needs to play , we find a park and open up this blanket . It gives him a nice play area , is waterproof and feels good on the skin . The shoulder strap is great when my hands are full .
 my friends own this blanket and we do alot of outdoor concerts with them as well as camp with them and they were really pleased with it so i thought i would give it a shot ... and it 's just perfect for us ! my husband is 6 ' 2 '' and i 'm 5 ' 7 '' and there is more than enough room for the both of us to stretch our legs out . It 's a little heavier than i thought it would be , but not bad .
 This works great as a picnic blanket and to put on the ground to keep baby from getting wet . i love the way it folds up and has a handle and pocket . my only complaint is that it does n't work so well inside on the rug since it slides around on the rug and bunches up .
 I use this for an excercize mat at my Stroller Strides class . It is large enough to share and the babies and toddlers can play on it . When folded the strap fits over the bar of the Bob jogger . Other Mom 's in the class use this also .
 Folds down easily , can be wiped down after heavy use . Can even go in the washing machine . I use it for exercise , picnics , the beach , etc. . Love it !
 From our use , this product will work wonders for outdoor belly time . Very ease to use , and fold up after use , and the blanket is larger than you would expect from the size of it folded up . Thanks .
 I am SO glad that I bought this blanket . I 'm a mother of a 5 month old and he just loves to be outdoors . This blanket is just perfect for our picnics because it 's waterproof so we do n't have to worry about it getting all dirty from the grass or dirt . The size is also great , as my husband , my mother , myself , and my son can sit on it very comfortably at the same time . It folds up really easily and compactly , so we leave it in our car so that we will always have it , and it 's come in handy many times ! I 'd highly recommend this blanket to all families !
 We love this blanket . I have 8 month old twins and it is the perfect , most versatile blanket for the park , beach , friend 's homes , etc. . Wipes clean and folds up easily into convenient carrying bag . I am constantly getting comments from people asking about where they can get one . Get it !
 We play a lot of sports -LRB- frisbee , field hockey , etc -RRB- and bring our kids to the games . Great size , and waterproofing is great . Our 2yo loves it , and now we use it at home , too , to eat outside .
 I bought this a few days ago and use it all the time . It 's great to throw down in the livingroom for the baby because it does n't bunch up since it 's thicker than a blanket . We took it on a picnic today ... it folds up nice and I keep it in the back of my car . You wo n't be upset with this purcahse !
 When the blanket arrived it had such a strong gasoline smell that I had to move it outside . I unfolded it and sprayed it down outside and let it air dry and air out for two days . The smell had not improved . I was set to really dislike this blanket , but eventually -LRB- over about a week -RRB- the smell faded . We used it for a picnic at a very muddy park and we were the only family with dry bottoms ! Clean up was a breeze and I did n't realize it when I bought it , but the little flap that stick out when the blanket is unfolded is the part that will be against your body when you fold it back up so I did n't get muddy carrying it home .
 got this for my wife when we managed to leave our previous zip up picnic blanket at a soccer game ;--RRB- so far she loves it the insert guide that helps with folding makes life easier and it 's heavy enough that light winds and little feet do n't move it around/create wrinkles / and flip parts over .
 Let me start by saying I 'm not normally a comparison shopper . This situation just presented itself to me in a strange internet-glitch type way . When I do make a purchase , I do like to mildly compare before a purchase . So when I was shopping for an outdoor blanket , after looking through various outdoor blankets , I was convinced that the Skip Hop blanket was the one for me . However , according to Amazon , it would take several months for me to receive it because they were backordered . I ended up making an order with Babies R Us ... which was later backordered . It was close to soccer season and I needed one right away so I ordered the JJ Cole blanket because it could be delivered within a week . I 've been using the JJ Cole blanket for over a month now and I could n't be happier with it . It 's very easy to roll out and when it 's time to go , roll back up . The quality is excellent . Well , Monday afternoon , the Skip Hop outdoor blanket showed up on my doorstep and I took it to soccer practice to try it out . Not too impressed . The cooler bag that goes with it is teeny-tiny and you ca n't fit much in it . The zipper makes it more difficult to lay out and fold back up and if you have a baby in your arms , it makes it that much more difficult . The JJ Cole blanket is cheaper in price and better in quality and it 's much easier to use . I highly recommend it and I get tons of compliments on it .
 Bought a different color , blue with brown circles , and got to use for our baby daughter . Just started using now that she is four months and it is a great size . We use it as an indoor playmat , with an emphasis on the ability to fold up quickly and put away compactly , which is necessary in a NYC apartment .
 I have a two month old and I was looking for a blanket that we could use to lie on out in the yard . Most other `` outdoor '' blankets I was looking at had a fleece blend top which , I would believe , would get grass and other stuff stuck on them . My diaper bag is also by JJ Cole and it is wonderful so I thought this would be good quality as well . I have not been disappointed by this product at all ! It is a great size , great material , folds SO easily , easy to carry , and the color is perfect . I went with the gray/red and I love it . I believe this will be used by our family for a long time . It would be great for the park , the beach , even inside ! Worth every penny .
 Disclaimer
 I ordered this blanket specifically for picnics with a significant other and it works perfectly for that purpose . The bottom is a waterproof tarp-like material and the top is a much softer and easy to clean surface . The blanket is overall very comfortable and fills with air making it reasonably soft to lay on . It 's 5 ' x 5 ' , which is big enough for 2 people comfortably and 4 at a squeeze if everyone is sitting.The blanket is very portable which makes it effortless to pack up -- it has 3 seams on the bottom that you simply fold along making a long strip of folded blanket . After folding along the seams , you 'll notice that one side has a thicker chunk of some material hidden in it , allowing you to easily roll it up along the blanket strip . It perfectly folds every time and Velcros tightly into a suitcase-like , easy to carry blanket . -LRB- Some reviewers mentioned that , because it fills with air , folding can take some additional time but it really only takes an extra 10 seconds total to empty the air out while folding . The neatness of the feature is well worth it . -RRB- I 've spilled a variety of juices and crumbs on it that simply wipe off leaving no trail behind . It seems very durable and has a long lifetime , unlike previous blankets I 've used that were 2 or 3 time uses before getting too dirty to comfortable enjoy a picnic on . This is an excellent buy if you 're looking for some more things to do outside .
 My daughter loved it , it was beautiful . she had another of your products and loved it too . Loo forward to doing business with you again
 I love having this to take to the park or event outside . The fabric can just be wiped off and it folds back up easily and nicely . Perfect size for a family of 4 or a couple . I keep mine in the back of my car just in case .
 daughter has three biys and uses this gift at their games and for their picnics . They love the mat . It is used often .
 I bought it even thought there were reviews saying it smelled like plastic . When it came there was no plastic smell and we used it all summer , fall and a little bit in winter as well . Product is easy to fold , carry and the kids are happy to help -LRB- its that simple -RRB-
 I like this blanket because you can sit outside and the morning dew isnt going to get your butt all wet ! The baby sees this as a boundary and tries to scoot off of it : -RRB-
 This is a great blanket to keep in the car or use in your own yard or park . It is very durable and cleans easy . Its material is cool and comfortable , and it is reasonably prices . I have had mine for four years and often buy it as a baby gift .
 I have n't used this blanket yet , but it is exactly what I thought it would be . I love that it folds up so nicely and neatly for carrying .
 This is my second one and we love it . Folds easily , works in grass , sand , hard floors . It also easy to clean off if it gets dirty .
 This blanket is so great ! It is soft and silky on the top , heavyweight and waterproof on the bottom , easy to clean , easy to fold up , easy to transport , and it easily fits our small family -LRB- two adults and a baby -RRB- plus an extra person or two . And the colorful stripes are really good looking , too . I 'm tempted to buy another one to keep in the car so that we never have to be without it .
 Love to gift these blankets with books for the new baby ! So useful and great for indoor/outdoor reading and playtime !
 This is great for on the go events , and having something nice to sit on while outside . It folds up into a bag , so small items for a lunch can be easy to carry and even walk .
 This was exactly what I was looking for
 Love everything about this spread , except the smell . It is new plastic smell that really bothers me . I have wiped it down , and left it outside to air out , but the smell wo n't go away . It is annoying indoors , but you do n't really notice it outdoors . The spread is very big , enough room for several people to play with the baby on it . The material is durable , and very easy to clean . It wraps up very easily , is compact , and has a little carry handle . Overall , enjoy having this product !
 This is a great little product that I bought based on reviews without really knowing I needed it . It comes in so handy ! We use this for our 3 yr old to spread out on during our 7 year old 's many sports events - it is perfect ! We use it at soccer fields -LRB- on the grass -RRB- and baseball stands -LRB- concrete -RRB- . The blanket is slightly padded for comfort and weighted so it stays spread out . Most of the time I end up sitting on it too :-RRB- My little one lays on her tummy watching movies , playing with Play-Doh , having snacks ... it is completely waterproof and nothing sticks to it , so we just shake it out and go ! It folds up easily , closes securely with velcro and has a carrying strap - this is absolutely essential since my hands are full with other things . Great product !
 I love how the blanket folds up into a messenger bag!This blanket is very handy!We keep it in the trunk of our car in case we decide to have a last minute picnic in the park.My mom and younger sister have been on the hunt for something like this and I ended up buying 2 more to give to them . Especially THIS design , they love the color and how flexible it is to fold up and go!It does n't stain that badly either.Just like the instructions note , just use a wet cloth or even those lysol wipes to wipe away anything on the blanket.I like that it has a pouch as well - I place napkins in there in case we spill anything!I HIGHLY recommend this product to everybody !
 easy to carry , sand shakes out easily . A little hard to fold back up , but overall a really good item .
 I keep this in the back of the car or in the stroller since we travel a lot and it has already withstood some serious abuse from my toddler and infant . I love how soft it is for my infant to roll around , crawl or nap on . It 's super to just shake off the dirt or wipe it down whether it 's food or dirt ! It 's a great quality blanket and I feel it will last a good while . The only thing is I wish it was a little more padded but then I suppose it would n't be so compact . ;-RRB- I always throw down a small cushy blanket when the baby naps on it anyways . For most people it should more than sufficient . So glad I got this !
 I ordered this blanket because I wanted something that sand would n't cling to easily on the beach . This blanket was perfect . We used it on grassy areas on the way down to give my 10 month grandson a crawling respite from his car seat . Then we used it every day at the beach . I loved the large size and the fact that sand would shake off of it . I was concerned about washing it since the company recommended a commercial washer but decided to go ahead and wash in my home washer . It came out perfectly . I love the way it folds up easily and to a carriable size . This was just what my family needed on our trip ! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 only because some debris does stick to the velcro as some other reviewers have mentioned , but it is not much and it washed off great . It never interfered with the folding of the blanket .
 totally LOVE this blanket . Easy to pack up and take with you to the park , beach , or anywhere with a spot to lay . just love this and cant ' say enough ! waterproof , stylish , useful !
 We 've used this blanket indoors and outdoors . It 's perfect for our 7-month old -- good for walking and rolling . It 's very easy to fold up and is a large size . We even bought a second one for the grandparents .
 I found this blanket on a babycenter store and decided to purchase it from here because of the free shipping . I got it fast and I loved it ! It looks like an expensive bag and when you open it , it is a big blanket which is very soft inside and waterproof outside . it is easy to wash and carry around ! It is a very nice blanket and we love to go for a pick nick or just relax on teh nature with our baby .
 This blanket was larger than I thought and very sturdy . It is waterproof , so even though my 3 month old and I were on damp grass , it did n't soak through at all ! It is n't a soft ` blanket ' but more like a flexible and comfortable mat . I am glad I bought it and use it often .
 This is a great product ... you can wipe off the surface . It 's heavy but it folds up nicely . Perfect for the beach or outside in the grass . I use it as a little extra padding on the hardwood floor for baby to crawl around and play .
 I LOVE my JJ Cole Essentials Blanket . I keep it in my car -LRB- always -RRB- so it is accessible for play time in the park with the baby or family picnics . It is heavily water resistant and easy to tote around . I recommend this product to everyone and it is a great baby gift , too .
 LOVE this blanket . I take can take it anywhere I go and it 's very easy to clean . We have used it at the park , at the beach , and it was great when were on vacation . We put it on the floor in our hotel room and our daughter used it as a play mat as it is rather large - folds up nicely for travel or storage.I 've given several as gifts - moms with infants or toddlers just love receiving it .
 I originally purchased this blanket to use inside as a play blanket to protect the carpet . It is really great - once you lay it flat it stays flat as it is made of quite stiff material . This means babies can roll around on it securely and practice crawling without it rucking up and getting twisted . I have recently purchased another just to use outside in the park / beach . If there are any accidents with spitting up you can just wipe it down and the side you lay on the ground is easy to wipe down too if any mud gets on it . A great purchase and the designs are really lovely .
 Purchased this for my daughter -LRB- birthday gift -RRB- who has two children . She did some research and that 's exactly the one she 's been wanting
 This blanket is great . You can use it for all types of surfaces . It 's easy to wipe down . My favorite thing is how easy it is to fold up and becomes very compact . I keep it in the trunk of my car to have with we at all times .
 The blanket is the perfect size , it folds up correctly every time , it is totally comfortable , and washes well ... I love it . My children use them in the yard , at the beach ... best ever !
 This blanket is big and comfortable , easy to clean , convenient to carry , is beautiful , and it just a quality product overall . It folds up nicely and stays folded with the velcro , so I just keep it in my trunk .
 90 % of the moms in my stroller club have one . Very durable , easy to clean and store and take anywhere !
 I absolutely love this blanket ! Here are some of the reasons why . It is : - Large enough to fit my 6 ' 2 '' husband , 3 year old son , and me . - Waterproof , sandproof and stainproof . Perfect for a picnic , at the beach or with kids who tend to spill stuff . - Comfortable because there is a cushion pad which makes it bearable to sit on the ground for long periods of time . - Portable since it folds up and you can carry it around with the shoulder strap . There is also a little pocket to store slim items in . - Works very well as a play mat for babies and toddlers . - Beautiful . I love the patterns and the colors . It is n't frumpy looking like other picnic blankets I 've seen.I highly recommend this blanket over all others !
 This blanket is the best !!! It conveniently folds into its own carry case for transport and is made of a great material that is fully waterproof on the underside to avoid wet bums and then a water resistent top cover to easy clean spills . We love it - order one today folks !!!
 This is a great blanket . The underside is waterproof and the side you sit on is soft and wipes clean . I have used it in the grass and on the beach to contain my 8 month old baby . The strap makes it very easy to carry . Very happy I bought this blanket .
 I love this blanket . It 's easy to roll up , easy to unroll , the strap makes is easy to carry , and the colors are so fun ! The material is very soft and really easy to wipe up if there is a spill on it . There 's plenty of room for me , my 2-year old and my 6-month old . I ca n't say enough good things about this blanket .
 This is a great all purpose blanket . It is large enough that all three of us can comforatbly lay on it . It is also nice that is has the waterproof fabric on both sides so it is very easy to clean . The folding is super quick with the soft plastic guide so that even my husband can do it neatly . We use this mat everyday outside and it still looks great . Perfect for the park , beach , or even at amusement parks to stake out your place .
 Finally something easy to clean and take around town with a little one in tow . Folds up very easily . Is a little on the heavy side which is great because it does not blow around or shift while in use .
 Its waterproof backing and very slightly padded other side make for a really cool picnic blanket ! That it wraps up into an easy package to carry around makes it even better !
 I love this blanket ... and have used it a ton since I got it . Easy to carry , easy to fold up , lightweight . Pretty good size as well .
 This mat is perfect for the beach . The sand wipes off easily and it 's large enough for our family of four to relax on . It folds easily and you do n't have to be an origami master to fold it . I could fold it one handed with the baby in the other arm . This is one of those things our family wo n't outgrow .
 I have bought this blanket last month , and I love this blanket ! I went to many picnics this summer and I used this blanket every time.It 's nice that this is washable and very easy to carry .
 We absolutely love this blanket . It unfolds and folds with ease and the velcro is great -LRB- true that some things may try to catch a ride on the vecro , but you can pick them out if it bugs you , it does n't bug us at all -RRB- . When folded , it is nice an compact . We do n't get wet if the ground is damp . If , however , a giant Bernese Mountain Dog named Fanny happens to shake water off over the blanket , it drys very quickly . We just shake off dirt , grass or sand , no problem . It was a little smelly when we first got it , but I just hung it outside for a few days . Now it does n't smell weird at all.My son is 16 months and now uses the blanket as home base when we are at the park , having a picnic or at the beach . He will actually grab the blanket and try to put it out himself . Since our purchase , which was less that two months ago , we have used it many times . It has more than paid for itself.I highly recommend this JJ Cole Collections All-Purpose Blanket .
 In a word ... amazing ! We took this to the beach and it worked out great for our family of 4 . It cleaned very easily and was comfortable . I loved how easy it packed up as well . Looking forward to using this for picnics and other events that would require the use of a blanket . Noone will be sorry getting this product .
 Absolutely the best . We have been using this for over 3 years now , so this is not an impulsive review . We used it in the woods , beach , in wind , sun etc. . It is designed very well to accommodate all sorts of terrain and weather conditions . And after 3 years and a lot of mileage , still looks like new ! All in all , great product !
 I had registered for this blanket out of the recommendation from a friend who had one . We use it almost daily.Pros :1 -RRB- Conveniently folds up and has built in carrying system .2 -RRB- Decent size , but wish it was at least a foot longer all around -LRB- at least 6x6 instead of 5x5 -RRB- .3 -RRB- Easy to cleanCons :1 -RRB- Did smell initially , but wash it a few times -LRB- which you should do before using anyhow -RRB- and it will go away .2 -RRB- Wish it was larger .3 -RRB- Limited pattern option . We got the Cococa Bubble pattern . It 's a really really busy pattern . In hindsight I wish I had gone with the gray/green instead which looks less busy .
 Great fold away blanket . Bought it for a trip to the beach and used it every day . We also took it with us to watch a firework display . Will definitely come in handy in the future .
 Finally ! after so many hopefuls ... this is the one !! GREAT blanket ! good size , great colors , no moisture gets thru . top is soft and cozy ! I love it !! well worth the price !!
 Bought this as we needed something to take to the beach , parks , etc with our small child and this works great ! Easy to fold up , fun design , comfortable blanket . I highly recommend this blanket!Wish it were a little larger , but still a good size for a few adults and babies to sit on together .
 I got this fir a beach holiday and its fab !! You dont get a damp bottom , its robust and the colour and style of it is fab . It is slightly on the heavy side to carry - if it was carried alone its fine - because of the strap its easy -LRB- its also easy to fold -RRB- But i took it in my beach bag with all the essentals and it was a little on the heavy side .
 Love this blanket . In fact I get one for all my expecting friends . If you are at the park , picnic or beach all the time like my family , this is a must have . Easy clean up , washable and better yet easy to carry . This blanket stays in my car . My favorite part is instead of shaking it to get sand off , I take a towel or my hand and wipe it right off . Sure some sand stays on but far less the the typical blanket .
 I LOVE this blanket and everytime someone sees it , they ask me about it . I keep it in the car and we use it all the time . Washing is fairly easy . I put it in the machine but then air dry it as I do n't think it would stand up to the dryer . Great item !
 I bought this blanket when my daughter was born to protect fragile baby skin if we wanted to go out and lay in the backyard or go to the beach or whatever . What a fabulous decision ! Soft on the inside/top , stiff enough on the bottom that it really does protect you from chaff on the ground . Dries really quickly - which is a big help when wet and sandy feet beach feet have made a big mess!When she was a toddler I kept it in the car all the time with some toys and bubble stuff -LRB- solution , wands , etc -RRB- . We would stop by the park and just throw down the blanket and have fun . It folds so nicely - ends up just like a messenger bag - so it was simple to carry over my shoulder and still have arm space to carry her and our bag of fun stuff . When it 's time to go back home , this thing has a nice stiff rectangle that helps you flip it right over and into place . Okay , a few times my folds were a bit messy - more important to keep the child under control than make it pretty - but it stays together and stows well.She 's four now and throughout spring/summer we still keep it in the car , and it is a definite inclusion for any beach trip . I have to say , I honestly do n't believe that you would know it 's 4 years old by looking at it . Looks almost brand new . And it has become my favorite gift for new parents . Not something that your typical `` what to expect '' books or lists will suggest . Not something that everyone else on the planet will be trying to buy them . But for anyone who enjoys the outdoors and wants their baby to spend some comfy time in the sunshine - it 's perfect !
 Makes for a nice picnic or beach blanket as the material is pretty - proof -LRB- sand does n't stick to it , I imagine it washes easily -RRB- - material has some sort of coating on it . Plenty of cushioning in the blanket itself . I like that it folds up into a messenger bag size - but just an fyi - the blanket actually folds itself up into that duffle . There is not external duffle sack to stuff the blanket into - this happens to be a pro for us - no extra pieces to lose . Only con - the blanket is a bit smaller than I expected . I was hoping for a beach blanket that husband and I could both lie on with plenty of space to spare . In reality , it 's about the size of two beach blankets -LRB- which makes it possible but tight for us to both squeeze onto at once -RRB- . If this were bigger , I would highly recommend .
 It 's a floor cover for the beach , for picnics whatever ! It wipes clean in an instant and folds up real quick .
 This picnic `` blanket '' is the best . It does n't actually feel like a blanket because it 's not soft . It 's waterproof , dirtproof , and folds into a convenient square with a handle on it so you can carry it like a bag . Laying a softer blanket over this waterproof `` blanket '' would make the perfect picnic setting !
 I love this blanket . No more sitting on towels , getting sand on them , setting them down next to each other etc. . This is just wrapped and ready to go always , love it ! I should have paid closer attention to the sizing thought , I just looked at the picture and it looked so big in the picture but in fact it 's not that big . I do with it was a bit larger especially for the price . Two adults can sit on it with some of their stuff on it but that 's it . If my husband and I use it and try to put our baby down on it it really is n't big enough . Just FYI .
 blanket is very sturdy and heavy feeling . on plus side - it did stay down on beach during a very windy day . takes a while to dry if gets wet - then the sand really sticks . basically is a very nice and durable outdoor blanket . i got the grey stripes and is very soft colors and pretty .
 This is a really nice picnic/beach blanket . It 's durable and easy to fold back up . Pretty compact . We used it at the beach and it did great !
 We used this blanket 1-2 times per week all summer . It 's a great blanket . Never felt any dampness from the grass . Holds up well to spills and other baby mishaps . It 's a good size for 2 people but since we 're two parents and a baby , we purchased an additional one and place them side by side . Also very easy to fold and carry . We get asked all the time where we purchased this blanket .
 I love the ease of folding this all-purpose blanket and its bright colors . However I have felt some dampness seep through when I have used it on wet grass . I thought it was supposed to be waterproof ?
 I love this blanket ! It is nice and sturdy and does not blow away in the wind . I use it at the park , beach , and many other places . If the ground it wet it will not soak through . I guess the only downside is if it gets really dirty you need to go to a laundry mat to use a super sized washer . But usually , you can just wipe it down with baby wipes and it cleans up well . It 's a material that is slicky and repels dirt . So just do n't set it down on top of dog poop and you will be ok .
 I bought this blanket when my first baby was born - 4 years ago . I used it for my baby 's tummy time , took it to the beach numerous times , then I used to protect my bed from my daughters night time accident . Now I have my second baby , it is again used as a play time mat-tummy time mat . I guess I am supposed to wipe clean , but every time it needs to be cleaned , I just throw it in the washer and hang dry . I washed it countless times and it still looks good . Color has not faded , no ripping , it might have lost a little bit of shape , but it looks like I can use this for couple more years . I love this blanket . I would highly recommend it and I would buy it again when I need a replacement .
 Although this is listed as a baby product , I do n't have any kids and I love it ! I use this as a great alternative to a blanket in the park for a number of purposes ... reading , picnics , a night at an outdoor festival , you name it ! The fact that it folds up to a small size WITH a shoulder strap makes it very easy to carry and convenient . It is made out of a lightweight nylon fabric on the side that goes down -LRB- on the grass side -RRB- so it 's water and stain resistant and easy to clean , and the side you sit on is very soft and comfortable . It also has a small outside pocket when it 's folded up , so you can carry small stuff with you , like keys , a book , a small water bottle , etc. . I highly recommend this to anyone who spends any time outdoors !!!
 This is the best blanket I have ever owned . It is perfect for the park , beach or anywhere . Love it . A must buy and cheap for what is out there . Highly recommend .
 I had this blanket on my wishlist a long time , wish I 'd have bought it sooner ! It is durable and portable . The blanket folds up and has a flap with velcro that makes it into a bag which I think is the best feature . You do n't have to worry about the blanket unfolding while you are carrying it -LRB- and everything else -RRB- for a picnic ! Also the material is great for sandy picnic locations because sand does n't stick ! Highly recommend !
 We use this blanket almost every day at the park or the beach . Here is what we love about it - Water resistant bottom ... which means you can place the blanket on the grass without worrying about getting your bottom wet - Very Compact ... the blanket folds up very easily and easy to carry - Love the straps ... great to hang on a stroller , carry while walking , ect - Great size and can accommodate at least 4 adults comfortably if not moreWe highly recommend this product .
 I like this blanket , it is big , and folds nicely into a bag of a sort . It did smell horrible when I first opened it , but once I washed it , the smell was gone . It looks to be well constructed , and I like the material it is made of . I am giving it 4 stars because it is heavy , other than that , great !
 We are very pleased with this product . It seems to be very good quality and a very fashionable picnic blanket . Its easy to move around with thanks to the carry handle , and we had no problems folding it back up . The blanket is slightly padded , which makes it nice to sit on . We did slide a little on the hill , as the upper surface is shiny , but the blanket itself did n't move . We are very happy with our purchase .
 its really cute and a good size . very durable . we already used it at a barbeque , a baby shower and in the park . cant wait to take it to the beach !
 This is an awesome little travel accessory - it goes from damp grass to sandy beach perfectly and is super easy to carry , fold and store .
 This blanket is fantastic . It 's water resistant so the damp grass does n't soak through and get your butt wet . Also it 's large enough for 2 adults and a child . Also the fabric on the inside wipes clean really easily . And one more great thing is that it quickly folds up into a carry bag . I would highly recommend this blanket !
 It 's simple , classic looking and durable . Ice-cream spilled on it ? No problem , it wipes clean . Folding is easy , it 's a nice size , and it stays cool in the sun -LRB- making it a good cover for concrete -RRB- . It fits a family of four for a picnic and two adults can easily stretch out on it .
 I love EVERYTHING about this blanket . The fabric is very soft , waterproof and cleans easily . Great size , great bright colors and portability . It folds in a flash ! I highly recommend it !
 I think this blanket is great . I took it out on a picnic and , sure enough , some water was spilled - but the water easily wiped away . The blanket is easy to fold up and tote around . Seems perfect for the beach as well . I recommend it although I feel what i paid for it was rather high - my only justification is that it seems it will last a long time so might be cheaper in the long run . . we 'll see .
 Hard for me to give a review because I have n't used it yet . Delivery was fast and I do look forward to using it and not having grass and dirt stick to it . Love the pattern .
 We have only used a few times -LRB- we just received it a few weeks ago -RRB- but it seems great . Easy to unpack and pack and easy to clean .
 I 've used this blanket a few times now and absolutely love it ! We had a few water spills and it just slides right off ! Easy to use and carry around , although heavier than I expected . We love it and would recommend it to everyone !
 We love this blanket . It 's just what we were looking for in a picnic blanket -- something that cleans off easily , feels nice , is durable , etc. . One of the really nice features , I think , is that it gives you perfect folded `` guidelines '' for folding it back up , so you do n't have to do any map-folding geometry puzzles when you 're done with it . Good product design .
 This blanket is amazing !!!! It 's way bigger than it looks in the photo . I got the brown with blue bubbles and it is so pretty ! The top is so silky and smooth . And the bottom is totally like a thick mat . I can see why people would say they could use it on concrete.I used it in the backyard today for my 10 month old and he loved it . I felt better about sitting on this with him than a different blanket or a large towel that could soak through or feel the grass pokies.It is AWESOME and such a great great deal !! I 'm sooo glad I got this rather than the tuffo one .
 I am very happy with this item . It is attractive , practical and a good value at $ 24 !
 The item was shipped very fast and arrived in promised condition . I can not wait to try it out ! I appears to be good sized and great for the grass or outdoor surfaces . The color was just as pictured a pink and brown striped pattern . I would recommend this product to others .
 I love this blanket . I have two young kids and just keep it in my car . When we stop somewhere it 's great to have and spread out for them . It 's so easy to clean , just wipe it up . And it folds up nice and makes it easy to store and carry around . My only complaint is that I wish they were a little bigger .
 I use this blanket at playdates , my back yard and even as a playmat when visiting friends and family . I love how this blanket folds up and can be carried like a purse .
 This is a great outdoor blanket . I bought this for my toddler to keep in my car . It is really easy to clean and is light weight . It also folds up easily and has a convenient carrying strap .
 I purchased this blanket when I took a cross country trip with my 8 month old baby . It was the perfect thing to spread out on our rest breaks and let my daughter crawl around . It is thick and durable , and brushes off perfectly . When we got home I used it to bring my not-walking-yet daughter outside to the lawn , and even by myself I could hold my baby with one arm and unfold/refold this blanket with my free hand without any trouble . Now it is the only blanket we take to the beach , and the sand just rolls right off when we 're done . My husband , my baby and I can all sprawl out on it without feeling crowded . I love this blanket . It folds up to a purse-sized object that just slings over my shoulder for easy carrying . I have the brown and pink one , which is gorgeous . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this wonderful blanket for my baby . My plan was to carry it along with me whenever I would visit family and friends at their homes . I could then lay my baby down or interact with my child on a clean surface . The blanket is 16.0 x 4.0 x 11.0 inches , which will accommodate adults well . I was pleased when I received the blanket to have discovered the excellent craftsmanship that was put into the creation of the piece . The quality is absolutely top notch ! The surface material also seems like it could be easily cleaned if a spill should occur . The only slight con I have of the Essentials blanket is that it is a bit on the heavy side . This is only a negative if one is expecting to carry it for a long period of time . Otherwise I adore this blanket and highly recommend it !
 I like this blanket so far , the quality is good only it is a little too heavy .
 Nice looking and nice quality , but I wish I had gotten it at BBB at 1/2 the price .
 I love this blanket , it is nice to not have to worry about your bottom getting wet from the grass and it is so big too !
 We use this all the time for the park and the beach with the baby . It folds up very nicely into its own little carrying case . Very piratical .
 This blanket works great for us ! Fits easily into the bottom of the stroller or slung over a shoulder , more than enough space to stretch out , and cleans up easily -- just shake off the sand or dirt . One quick tip if it gets wet you want to let it dry out before you fold it away as it will mildew quickly .
 it 's not giant but for my 2 and 4 year old it is just right as a play mat on a tile floor . it 's easy to spot clean . it 's easy to fold up and nice looking .
 Good Product with a sufficient carry strap . Nice washable material which is a good thing to clean up after kids have messed it up .
 Greatest invention , if you go to the park , have picnics or just need a blanket for your lawn - get this . We love ours , have 2 when going on vacation - so handy with the shoulder strap .
 I love this . It folds up very well into itself into a carrier pack , has convenient pocket for extra items -LRB- I toss a book , my phone and keys in -RRB- , looks good , is a great size and adds just enough cushion while providing a waterproof area to sit on . I keep it in our car and have found opportunities to use it I otherwise would not have noticed w/o having a blanket to use . I often grab it for little walks to the park with my 18 month old -LRB- I wear her in my Ergobaby carrier & am 8 months pregnant - so obviously it is an easy size to manage ! -RRB- to sit on - plenty big enough for us to both hang out on and keeps us both dry -LRB- it seems to rain overnight here often -RRB- . I wish I had purchased it sooner !
 We use this blanket mainly in the house on the carpet so our little one can crawl around without getting rug burns or dirt stains on our hardwood floors . We 've used it outside a few times on the grass and its come in so handy . Its the right size to fit two adults and doesnt stain very fast . Its also easy to clean . A must buy
 The blanket is not very large but with our twin 10 month old daughters its the perfect size to carry around use for changing a daiper , putting clothes or shoes on .
 Perfect ground cover , i think its easy to fold up . Fits nicely under my stroller for trips to the park . Good size also , we 've had 4 babies and 2 mamas on it easily . Dont hesitate to buy this .
 I have this blanket in green and purchased this grey/turquoise one as a gift for my pregnant sister-in-law . She loves hers too ! I use mine constantly . Beach , park , ball game , zoo ... So many times its kept our bottoms dry and comfy . It 's heavy enough so it did n't blow away on the Oregon Coast , has held up to several washings , great baby shower gift !
 Perfect . Great for camping trips , picnics and trips to the beach . The material cleans quickly when hosed off and folding it up is a breeze .
 Love this product is so easy to keep clean and its a really good size.I also love how it folds up ad really easy to carry .
 This is great looking blanket and very easy to fold up after use . I now have two which my family have used for beach outings and picnics . They are easy to wipe clean and function much better then their low cost suggests . You will not be disappointed with this blanket at all .
 My family loves this blanket . We keep it in the car for impromptu picnics or for relaxing on a lawn . We just took it to the beach and it was great there too . This is the perfect blanket for picnics , outdoor concerts , beach trips . We have not had trouble with waterproofing and I know that I have used it before on wet grass . We also have not had problems with chemical smells . I plan to but one for each of the members of our family this Christmas .
 I got this blanket 3 years ago when my son was born , used it everywhere I went from the beach to the park and often in our backyard , washed it several times ant it still looks the same ! And no chemical smell here . It is very pretty and practical , as a matter of fact , many friends got one too after using mine .
 Very Good quality product.It has a waterproof back and the front is very comfortable to sit on and is waterproof as well.Great for anything from beaches to parks.Thanks .
 Gave this to my husband for fathers day . We have used it a few times , even for a picnic dinner last night . Easy to clean , folds up like a dream . It looks great , and is a nice cool surface for our three month old to lay on outside . I put an umbrella over him to block the CO sun , and he was a happy kid ! We love it !
 This blanket did just what we expected ! Bought it for a cruise with my 2 kids under 2 , and it was big enough to have me and my 2 kids sit outside on our balcony or beside the kiddy pool . We were looking for a blanket that was large enough for all of us PLUS one that was not too expensive . I love that it easily folds up when you 're done -LRB- which is necessary when the kids can go off to anywhere in a second -RRB- .
 I love this blanket ! It 's easy to tote around and folds up easily ! Great for outdoors because of the water resistance and material they use . The only thing that was just ok was the color but it was cheaper than the others so I did n't mind
 I searched for the perfect blanket to take to the beach and I found it . I read many reviews that stated their blanket had an odor when they received it and it took several washes for it to come out , but that was n't the case for me . I actually received the blanket the day before we left for our trip . Mine did n't have a strong odor , but I did wash it before we left . It was perfect for the little ones to sit on under the umbrella to escape the Florida sun & it had plenty of room for them as well . I will be able to take this to softball tournaments for my daughters & picnics as well . Very pleased with the quality and the price .
 I think the blanket looks good - I like the design and colors . It folds up really easily . The size is comfortable for my husband , my daughter , and me . Perfect for spending time outside.I 've given this as a gift multiple times too , and it has always been a hit !
 This blanket is perfect ! I wanted something easily wipeable that wo n't attract dog hair or sand . This is perfect and comfortable ! Folds back up super easy !
 I do like this product but it was n't what I was expecting . That 's not to say the description is misleading , but I think I had it in my head that this was just a blanket with a waterproof backing . It 's not ! It 's all made of a nylon/plasticky material . The top is silky but not fabric . It wipes off easily and it 's not hard to fold up like some foldable blankets I 've used . The carrying pouch is handy too . We keep it in the car for times when we need a little stretch on the grass . We have the Cocoa Bubble pattern , which is quite cute.While I do like this , I would n't use it if we wanted a soft place to snuggle up for a long time , like watching an outdoor movie or something . For that , I would just bring a softer regular blanket to lay on top . But if you 're looking for a tough , waterproof ground covering you can easily tote around , this is perfect .
 The gray/green blanket has no gray at all . I actually prefer it to the one pictured but it is misleading . The outside is more of a pine green and the inside stripes are sage , black and orange . The colors are very pretty and leaves easily brush off . Everything stuck to the other blanket we were using . Now when my two year old runs across it , I can easily brush off the leaves so my 10 month old does n't eat them !
 This item was EXACTLY as described . My friend had one of these all purpose blankets . When I saw hers , I had to know where she had gotten hers . Every time the family and I went on an outing , I always wished I had brought something to sit on and not just a traditional blanket , but something sturdier and waterproof . This is it !!! I have to write , I was a little nervous after having read some of the reviews . I think that the J.J. Cole company really cares about their product and their consumers because all of the issues that had people had written about were none issues . This product did not smell like a petroleum product at all . I have one of the most sensitive noses around . I ca n't handle the smell of perfumes or non-natural based cleaning products . I 'm telling you not a problem . I stuck my nose all over this product ! Lol . Okay , that 's an exaggeration , but I could n't smell anything . I also have a seven month old baby , so I was concerned about him crawling on something that could be toxic . Again , non-issue . Did n't have to wash it or air it out.The strap . Sewn on well . Has n't broken yet . We shall see how that pans out . Also , there is an outer pocket . Would be nice if it had a flap on it to keep things from , potentially , falling out . This has n't happened to me , but I could see if you were swinging it around where small things could fall out . It is a rather deep pocket that would fit several diapers and a small travel case of wipes without a problem . Of course , once you got to where you were going you would need to take items out to flatten the blanket out anyway . The pocket is strictly to hold a few things until you get where you are going.Velcro closure , yes , stuff could get stuck in it if you were n't careful about unfolding . There is a way that the Velcro folds up against the material so that debris , leaves , etc. , does n't get all stuck . Also , do be careful , if you are wearing something delicate like silk , the Velcro could stick and snag delicate clothing . I had on a casual silk sweater and when I was trying to fold it up , I had to be very careful not to snag it , but it could snag up a swimsuit when trying to fold it up . This DID NOT occur when I was sitting on it , as the Velcro is underneath the mat.Color of mat , mine was called grey and red . This is referring to the color of the trim and the exterior material , not the interior pattern . So , if you order gray/green , it means the exterior is gray and the trim is green . I was a bit surprised that other reviewers had n't figured that out.Size is roomy . Five foot by five foot . Perfect to sit on or eat a picnic on . Yes , if you are trying to seat a small village you will need two or more . I actually have a small village , myself , hubby , and four kids , and we were fine . I kept reading how people think it 's too small , not to be rude , but I think they might just have more girth than others . It 's plenty roomy for trimmer people . I was n't sure how else to word that in a politically correct fashion . Please do n't shoot the messenger.Overall , love my product !!! Was exactly what I had been looking for .
 My family gets lots of use from this blanket . We often visit the local arboretum with its beautiful , lush grass ~ from lots of watering . So the grass is always wet ! We picnic and stay dry ~ just perfect . It also does not shift when my toddler walks on it , so she 's not had a slipping problem like other blankets we have used.We usually picnic with other moms and kids . Four fit comfortably for a picnic . We do n't nap on it , maybe 2 adults would fit for that purpose max . So if you are looking for a bigger blanket to sleep the afternoon away , this is n't it ! But it 's perfect for our picnic needs.The fabric is a good heavy weight and is durable . Easy to wipe clean . Very nice design , visually appealing . So convenient that it folds back into it 's own bag , love that feature !
 I love this water resistant , easily folded travel blanket . There are many blankets like this on the market , but so far this is the only one I 've found that has a good amount of weight to it . It does n't bunch up every time someone moves an inch on it - it really stays in place ! It 's heavy enough to stay down in a good amount of wind too . It 's SUPER easy to fold up , and to clean . We 've had ours about a year now , and it really still looks brand new - even with plenty of use for beach trips and park trips . My only complaint is that it 's a little small - two adults sitting up and a baby with a couple toys are about all it can fit comfortably . I 'd love a super-sized version of this blanket !!! Warning
 Initially we bought this blanket to use with our four month old grandchild at the beach . But since she mainly stays in her Kidco PeaPod , the rest of us also use it . Here is what I like :1 . Fully opened the blanket is 5 ' x 5 ' , which is adequate for an adult to sit on at the beach , and more than adequate for an infant or small child . It is also just the right size on which to put an assortment of items that you want to keep off the sand -LRB- like a camera case , Kindle , towels , etc. -RRB- .2 . The blanket is nicely padded and very comfortable to sit or lay down on . It is also moisture resistant on the bottom , so if the sand at the beach -LRB- or grass at a park -RRB- is damp , you wo n't feel it .3 . This has creases in it that serve as guide to folding it up , which takes literally seconds , even on a very windy day at the beach . And unlike thinner blankets , the wind does not lift this one up as easily .4 . This is very lightweight to carry and takes up very little space when you are packing the car.Bottom line
 Awesome blanket - everything everyone has said about how easy it is to clean , easy to fold up , how it 's a little heavy and well padded is true . I bought the grey/green one - colors look great - the picture does n't give it justice ! The only down side is that it is a little small . My husbands feet dangle off the end of the blanket ... we ca n't all -LRB- 2 adults and baby -RRB- lie on it and relax ... wish they made it bigger .
 Wish it was a little softer/thicker and maybe a tad larger ... other than that this blanket/bag is great ! Folds up well , convenient and light weight . I noticed in some of the reviews I read that there was a chemical smell and I agree - there was an odd smell when I first received it -LRB- kind of plasticy ? -RRB- , but it was fine once I aired it out for a day . I would recommend this to friends as a great purchase for picnics , beach , etc. .
 I had hoped this would be a little more blanket-like , a weatherproof stadium blanket . However , it is too rigid to wrap up in . It actually though is great as a seat cushion . We just open the velcro flap and roll it out along the bench . We do n't unfold the entire blanket , just leave it bench width . It has several layers of thickness and keeps our bottoms warm , so payed for itself when I did n't have to buy 4 bench warmer cushions , and is much more convenient to carry ! And it 's a piece of cake to fold back up perfectly every time.It is a really nice quality item , and I 'm sure that in summer we 'll use it at the beach or on the lawn .
 I use this blanket at least 4 x 's a week during Stroller Strides . I lay it on damp grass and I do n't get wet while doing situps and stretching . It folds and fits over the handle of my stroller - it does n't bug me at all while walking or running . I keep it in my car and use it at the beach and parks too . It 's a GREAT `` must have '' item for all parents . New parents can change babies on it and parents of toddlers + will have it forever . WAY better than a regular blanket that gets wet and dirty while you 're using it .
 excellent quality , easy to carry , easy to clean , easy to fold . I highly recommend this especially if you are bringing a baby to the beach or to lay on the grass .
 This product is a great example of why you have to pay attention when ordering on the internet . I had originally added it to my wish list imagining it to be a `` blanket '' but when I got around to reading the reviews I realized it was more like a mat than a blanket . Fortunately , when I actually bought it I understood what I was getting , and I could n't be happier with it , but J.J. Cole should really rethink the name.This is a fairly stiff and thick mat made out of a waterproof material , the striped material is a lightweight and soft fabric , some kind of nylon I think . It 's nice enough to sit on , but it 's not a snuggly blanket in any way . We 've used it on the beach and at the park as a picnic blanket , and it also makes a great waterproof mat for our baby to play on when he 's airing out a diaper rash.It folds up into a nice portable package that makes it easy to carry , and as a mom juggling a baby , a diaper bag and who knows what else , I really appreciate the strap , which is long enough to wear over the shoulder . If you 're in the market for an outdoor playmat/picnic blanket , this is just right . Like most J.J. Cole products , the fabrics/colors are nicely modern and stylish .
 Basically , I do n't like my baby crawling on dirty surfaces , not even our own carpet inside of our home . This all-purpose blanket is great , I use it my bedroom on the floor so my baby can crawl around and play with her toys and I take it with me everywhere . Whether I am visiting a relative or going outdoors , I love that I can use this blanket everywhere . My only concern with it is that it 's very flat because it 's waterproof -LRB- which makes it easy to dry when wet -RRB- , on the downside , I used it at a relative 's house where there is no carpet , my baby rolled over and hit her face somewhat hard so since then I use a quilted blanket underneath or above this item if using indoors on hard wood floors , tile or concrete surfaces to prevent injury if child just learning to crawl and rollover . Only other thing that concerned me was that I was outdoors during baby 's nap time and she fell asleep , since the material on top of the blanket is n't cotton it does n't breathe well and she was sweating a lot because of the material . I gave this item 5 stars because it definitely serves it 's purpose and can be used everywhere , just need to take some extra precautions if your child is still an infant
 Have used this blanket 4 times since purchase and so far , love it.Pros : - Great for the park and even indoors as a playmat.-Outer shell kept unexpected mud away from inner lining.-Folds nicely and easy to carry around.-Washes and dries beautifully-4mo old baby loves lying on the soft liner inside and playing w / toys-Drool wipes up quick and easy if you catch in time-Nice square shape fits mommy , daddy and little oneCons : - If you are a family of more than 3 , you might need two blankets . Wish it was a little bigger.-Can only wash in large commercial machineThe color blanket I have
 this is pretty much a padded tarp with its own carrying case . it 's convenient to use . it can fit in a standard washer , but only air dry it . out-of-the-box it did have a strong chemical scent to it , thus the need to launder it .
 Great wwaterproof blanket . It has the body so it 's not too wavy when using . Right amount of insulation and polyester printed fabric is very soft.Great size and easy to fold/unfold . I did lots of research before purchasing and finally decided to go with this one and I think it was a great decision !
 This mat is so perfect for taking to outdoor events ... It is fully waterproof , and nice and large so you can spread out on it . I recently took my infant son to the park and he enjoyed playing on it -- it 's nice and thick and any spills just wipe clean in seconds . Plus , you just fold it up and carry it over your shoulder when you are done . Best Amazon purchase I 've made in a long , long time . Highly recommended , great price too .
 This mat is perfect for many purposes . It 's great to take to the park , the beach and even working out . It 's easy to take along with you . The material is great and easy to clean . This is a must have for all moms and a great gift for friends . This is also useful for people who are not parents .
 Love this blanket , it stays in my trunk ... . Great for everywhere !! Highly reccommend it to anyone with babies or people who enjoy the outdoors a lot .
 I own this blanket and just bought another ! I brought this blanket to my playgroup at the park . It was perfect on the damp grass and big enough for me , my daughter , and all of our stuff . A few of the other moms liked it so much they bought it too . My baby spits up quite a bit , especially during tummy time , so I decided to buy another one to use in the house . It cleans so easily with a baby wipe or a damp cloth . Great investment .
 I have n't had this blanket long , but have already used it a couple of times . The size is nice for 2 adults and 1 little one to use . It folds up and packs very nicely . I would n't pay a lot for it -LRB- since my closet is full of other blankets -RRB- , but think it is worth the price that I paid .
 I have seen this product elsewhere for a more expensive price and I liked the color and neutrality of it but did n't want to pay the price . That 's why I always look on Amazon before paying more . I found the product here , it arrived on time , the colors were just as advertised and it 's conveniently sized for easy outings . Great product and good price . I highly recommend it and the seller .
 I really like this blanket . It is waterproof , so no more damp blanket on the beach . The folding method turns this blanket into its own carry bag , so no more bags blowing down the beach either . I ordered in Gray and Red , was worried about the chemical smell others have mentioned because I am highly sensative to smells . Mine had no chemical smell at all . It seems well made , so hopefully will enjoy for years to come .
 I really love this blanket . It looks like a purse . Love the fabric . I which it was a little bigger but it works .
 I bought one as a gift . It was stylish , practical , and a great price to boot I had to get one for myself !
 The best all purpose blanket . Everyone who sees it goes and buys one after . We are buying a second .
 Worth the money . Easy pack and go . Easy to clean . Very nice material , so worth the buy . Used it in the beach and park .
 I am very pleased with the blanket . The quality and size are excellent . It 's padded lightly and soft . I bought the blanket for my small pets to play on , so that our floors do not get dirty .
 I love it , it does n't take up much space and folds neatly away . You do n't get wet if you 're on damp grass .
 This is a great blanket . Large enough for 3 kids , wipes off easily and keeps you dry if the ground is wet . My favorite part is how easily it fold up into it own carrying case . Very convenient .
 Do n't know why this is baby-specific , but it 's a great product . No worries about wet grass , you can camp out anywhere with this -- very easy to clean off , and the strap for easy carrying is great too . Wish it was a tiny bit thinner to fold up , but so glad I bought it -- will get lots of use !
 We have tried many different blankets for the beach and by far this is the best . Sand does not stick to it , and it 's heavy so it wo n't blow up or away . It 's also very easy to fold up . I 've never had an issue not being able to velcro it , you just have to fold it the right way . It even has a flap that is stiffer than the rest to use as a guide so that it folds quickly and easily . It is so compact that I keep it in the back of my car at all times . I ca n't tell you how many times I have pulled it out for a spur of the moment park trip and it 's been GREAT !! Love it . Well worth every penny . We 've also had ours for 3 years and it still looks new .
 I bought this since I got tired of having a wet bottom after sitting on a regular blanket or towel on the wet grass . And it 's great ! It 's large enough for a few people to sit on it . I use it with my baby , and it 's easy to wipe clean . The material is sort of shiny . The color is a bit off from the photo , but quite nice . I bought the gray/green , and the outside is more of a lighter green than the photo , with green , gray , brown and orange on the inside . It 's a bit heavier and bigger folded up than I expected , but I can still carry it pretty easily . The strap is nice , and it folds quite easily . It 's much thicker than a blanket , and provides a nice surface outside , whether on grass or something else .
 I absolutely love this blanket ! It 's great for sitting out on the grass because no dampness ever seeps through the bottom . Also , the top is soft and easy to clean . This product is exactly what I expected , and I could n't be more pleased .
 This is the best outside blanket . I bought 2 . I love that it fold up so easily . Super easy to clean . Just shake it and everything falls off . I will purchase these for all my friends with kids . I love the colors too . Definately worth the money . You wont be disappointed .
 Bought to use as a picnic blanket . So far it 's great . Interior is super soft & the exterior seems very durable . Easy to fold up & the strap makes it easy to carry !
 I love this blanket ... good for parks , beach , your backyard ... really anything ! It 's big enough for my baby , me and my husband !
 Great blanket for outdoors . It 's waterproof and spit-up proof ! We love it and take it everywhere ! Ca n't recommend this product enough . Actually bought this after seeing a friend 's .
 This product is as described . . Comfortable and portable . Received sooner then expected . I bought this as a gift for a friend . . And she was happy with it .
 Purchased this for my Europe trip ... it looks cool , is compact , unfolds and folds nicely ! It 'll even work great for the beach -LRB- I live in Florida -RRB- . For around twenty bucks , it 's a steal .
 I purchased this blanket to use with my 6 month old outside in the grass and as a travel blanket for the beach . The blanket did have a strong smell when we got it and I had to leave it out and open for about a week but the smell faded and now there is no smell at all -LRB- about 3 months later with moderate use -RRB- . It is very handy , a decent size and easy to clean minor spills and messes by wiping the surface . The only downfall was that we needed to wait a while to use it until the smell faded . It reminded me of a new plastic shower curtain smell only not as stong . Now we love the blanket and use it in our yard almost every day . It provides a great place to put the baby so she is not directly on the grass -LRB- although now she often crawls off the blanket but thats not the blankets fault -RRB- .
 We bought this blanket b/c our friend has the exact same one and it was very useful on many occasions . We like it b/c unlike most other blankets in this category , it has the nylon-like material on both sides , making it easy to clean and better for putting down in wet conditions like a dewy grass field . We have another blanket that has fleece on one side , which is nice and cozy , but we also end up having to put it in the wash more often b/c it gets wet dirt/mud on it , or if my kids spill on it , things soak in rather than wipe up.My husband , toddler and I fit fine on it but when we add baby to the mix , it can get a little crowded but we all still fit and I would not call it a deal breaker . It is not teeny tiny when folded up , but also not huge and bulky . I 'd say it 's just right to throw in the car or stroller for day trips . May not want to take on long plane flight trips if you also travel with a lot of other carry on baggage .
 This is a 5 ` x5 ' polyester picnic blanket . It is nice and light , and folds into a handbag . Ideal for carrying , it is somewhat on the small side - good enough for one adult and a child . My baby daughter loved it , but I did not find it practical . Our house is on a hill , and I kept sliding down the blanket . It is also too thin and can easily feel tree roots or anything underneath . Water spilled on it was easily wiped , but it is unbreathable and so you can feel the sweat . I will get a larger and thicker cotton blanket for use at home , and leave this lightweight one for packing on trips .
 I bought this after meeting up with a mommy friend in a moist , goose-poop covered park and realizing her JJ Cole blanket was far superior to my ` waterproof ' stadium blanket I 'd purchased at Target years earlier . This blanket is thick and plastic-y , and seems genuinely waterproof . It is also really attractive , and folds up easily into a small , handbag-sized compartment . It 's just a snazzy treat that makes it easy to hang out in any park . The price varies depending on which pattern you want , so make sure to check them all out and get the combination of style and price that will make you feel most satisfied with your purchase !
 We had been using a standard blanket for picnics but if the ground was damp or full of debris then we were sure to have problems . This blanket is very nice . Fold and stores easily . Its large size accommodates the average family and it wipes clean .
 I was skeptical about buying this product because I had read that it had a chemical or toxic smell . Well , mine does n't smell like anything I just love it . I wold recommend this to anyone .
 This blanket looks just as shown and folds up easily . Its lightweight which will make it convenient to pack along wherever you go . Also the price is low enough that even if it doesnt last forever it still a bargain . Love it !
 Super cute and very big . I bought it so I could take my little one out without having to play on the dirty ground .
 I love this blanket , can throw in the washer and hang to dry . Folding it up is easy and the strap is super convenient . Tons of moms I know have these , that 's the only potential drawback - they 're so popular you might have the same one as someone else and have trouble telling them apart ! Definitely recommend !
 We like everything about it . We especially like how easily it folds up for easy storage and carrying . Easy to clean up spills .
 We got this mainly for beach trips.Note
 We bought this for my sister as a gift after she saw how thoroughly we enjoyed ours at various parks last summer . It 's a great mat for keeping clean and dry while sitting / playing on the ground . It folds easily and the built in carry strap is fantastic .
 Well I do n't think they have used it yet , but they sure loved it ! The quality is top notch and I am sure they will love it for their picnics , little bike trips and park outings . Gave these to many families - a great gift that will add to their outdoor fun .
 I really like this . Both sides are waterproof and wipeable . It packs up really nice . It 's pretty big . I feel like this would work well on a picnic . I bought it for couch with puppies . Works well for that too although they love digging at it to make the vinyl noise -LRB- they 're weird -RRB- . It 's held up well . Only complaint is if you use it on couch , the flaps for the packet it folds into are awfully rigid .
 I bought this after I saw my friend 's and was amazed at what a practical item it was . I ordered it and now I always have people asking me where I got it . I keep it in the car and so we use it all the time because we live in the Northwest and the grass is often damp , even if it 's not raining . It 's gotten pretty dirty and I have n't attempted to wash it yet so I 'm not sure how it will hold up through a wash . I 'm not too worried about the dirt though because it is an item we only use outside , so it 's just gon na get dirty again right after I wash it since there 's always kids tromping all over it . Folds up super easy and has an adjustable strap to carry or hook over stroller handles . Love this thing .
 we bought this so our son would have something to sit on at our family cook out . It was large enough for our baby , myself and my husband and probably a couple other kids to sit on . One thing I liked is that the product is all one piece - some products have a removable back that causes it to be slipery . It is all canvasy type material so is waterproof on all sides . Its squishy so its comfortable . When you are folding it you kind of have to squish the air out like a canvas sleeping bag , but if you do that it folds up fairly easily . I am glad I bought it and I would recommend it to friends .
 This is the perfect blanket to keep in your trunk , unfolds and refolds easily . Fits nicely in the bottom of a stroller . It would even fit perfectly under a car seat .
 I was looking for a blanket that I can use for my baby to play on in a smaller space with the ability for it to be portable and easily cleanable . This meets my every needs perfectly.I like that there are dual side , one side is comfortable without being too rough while the side that you lay on the ground is easily cleanable.Now if I can somehow prevent all these hair from building up in the velcro strap , I 'll give it 6 out of 5 stars = -RRB- Note that this is not a blanket that you use for warmth .
 Great blanket with convenient way to fold it up and carry it with built in straps . Water resistant so if it gets slightly wet , it dries very quickly . Sand shakes or brushes right off . This is a must have for your beach adventures .
 I love this thing ! Purchased as a `` partial coverlet '' for my twin bed because of small dog with an incontinence problem . Luckily , I have not had reason to test the serious waterproof ability yet , though it does handle other simple spills well . There was no smell at all when product arrived . Colours were perfect match . For my purposes , I could do without the straps and flaps designed for tote style , but it 's a nice option to have . Laundered in a normal home washer/dryer with no problems . Overall , it was much more supple afterward , though the tote panels remained sturdy as intended . Looks great in the room , and even with two dogs on it daily , does not show dirt or wear . Silky top side also feels nicely `` cool '' in Summer .
 I would buy another one of these in an instant ! Great quality , rigid so it stays flat on the ground , easy to fold and pack up . Water resistant and easy to clean . Highly recommended !
 Highly Recommended.We purchased this product to use for casual trips to the park . We have been able to use it three times this past weekend . Everyone who saw it has asked us where we got it from . We were more than happy to let them know where we got it from.PROS : Easy to Clean -LRB- a simple wipe -RRB- Easy to Fold UpVery Portable and ConvenientVery well constructedGreat on Wet Grass / GroundCONS : Only negative I have is I wish it was bigger . It is large enough for two adults to sit on .
 With two little kids who love picnics in the park , this well made , large enough for the 3 of us blanket is da bomb ! I just received it and ca n't wait to go to the park and use it . Love its functionality , quality and it looks not only sturdy but looks great too !
 This is a great blanket , exactly what I was looking for.Easy to clean up , water resistant , folds up into a massanger bag - so easy to carry.I bought gray/green one and the colors are very nice .
 I love this blanket ! JJ Cole had a giveaway on their FaceBook page and I won one of these . We use it 2-3 times a week . I have very small kids and it has held up to their running and spills . My niece spilled a barbeque packet on it and I thought it was going to be stained forever . It wiped completely off ! This is the perfect park/anywhere blanket . Any blanket that is waterproof on the bottom and stain resistant on the top is perfect for kids . I am giving this away as Christmas gifts this year . I have looked around and Amazon has the best price ! Do n't buy the cheaper blanket . Spend the extra $ 10 and get this one ! You wo n't regret it .
 One of my friends had it , and she talked about it very highly . And when I looked , it was on sale so I bought it . This is a very nice blanket . We keep it in the trunk of our car , so we can use it when we go to a park . The great part of this blanket is you can wash it in the washer.Unfortunate part is the durable outer fabric is not waterproof .
 I bought this for my family prior to a vacation . We used it on grass and sand . Great blanket , nice size !
 The blanket is cute and folds up good . However it is a little small there is only room for a few people to sit and maybe only two people to lay down on the blanket .
 The blanket is sturdy , easy to wipe , and is designed to fold into a portable form exactly how an outdoor blanket should . Perfect for picnics and everyday walks to the park with the little ones .
 This was great to have with us on our vacation to the Gulf Coast . It was wasy to fold with two people , might be a little more difficult alone but never had to try so not sure . It was difficult to remove the slightly damp sand that inevitably ended up on there but that is a pretty minor downside !
 Perfect for what it is
 I bought this blanket when I had my baby so we could sit and play on it . I have used it many times for over a year now and it still looks like new . It is very easy to clean , keeps out moisture from below , is sturdy and looks great . I just love this blanket . It 's definitely worth the money .
 I keep this in my car and use it at least once a week . I am a stay-home mom , and when I 'm out and about , sometimes I stop at a park to play or just to change my baby 's diaper . I lay it out anywhere , and it 's very easy to lay out and very easy to fold up . It 's a decent size . I seriously take it everywhere . I love it !! SO glad I bought it .
 This is a great-looking and super-convenient picnic blanket . I actually bought it to use mostly indoors for my 8 month old to play on because I worry that there is cat hair and dust in the carpet , so I throw this down for him every morning to roll around on . Plus he spits up a lot and this is so easy to clean . The striped one looks a lot better than it does in the photo . This is one of those items that I can see still using for picnics 15 years from now . It is attractive , easy to clean , durable and folds up easy . I love the shoulder strap too .
 this picnic blanket was really good for a flat surface , however the event i purchased it for was for a concert with a grassy hill , and i slipped right off the top . i had to have my feet on the grass with my body on the blanket and it was a bit annoying , could n't stand on it for the same reason .
 We 've bought this blanket twice b/c we lost the first one and after reviewing several others , think this is the most washable ... many have `` water proof '' backsides that touch the ground but do n't have a very wipeable top surface which is critical for toddlers ! Love this blanket , it 's just a little heavy but the strap and pocket help a ton .
 This blanket works great on wet grass or damp beach and is so so convenient . It 's one of the best baby items I bought ! Folds super easy , cleans up wonderfully -- highly recommend it for moms on the go ! I keep this in my car and am always picnic-ready : -RRB-
 A wonderful outdoor blanket just like all the other reviewers have said -LRB- although a little heavier than I thought it would be -RRB- . It is a wonderful size and easily wipes clean . The design is very cute as well -LRB- I have the blue cocoa bubble -RRB- . Just wanted to let everyone know that I found this at my local Babies R Us -LRB- they had the light green stripe and the brown cocoa bubble one -RRB- for $ 19.98 . You can also use one of their 20 % off coupons , which makes this a much better deal than online/amazon !
 A little larger than I thought ot would be when folded up , bot easy to carry and a great buy .
 A great mat for the Beach . Easy to clean , just hosed it off and hung it up to dry .
 I use this blanket about three times a week and it has been ideal . I used to have a similar picnic blanket that I got years ago from Crate & Barrel -LRB- which I lost -RRB- but it did n't fold up as easily into a messenger bag . I love that feature . My only concern
 This blanket is awesome for all sorts of stuff ! It 's a must-have if you have kids .
 very happy with this blanket . I read all the review before the purchase and took my chance with the smell complaint . In deed , it did come with a strong chemical odor , but a day of airing was enough to rid . I like how easy it is to fold and to dust off . The velcro closure does trap grass , but can be easily removed .
 Easy to fold and unfold . Wipes up easily , strap makes it easy to throw over a crowded shoulder when you 're going out for a picnic or wherever .
 I am writing a review even though I did n't buy my high chair from this website . The Zooper Peas and Carrots was easy to put together . The straps were easy to adjust and snapped and unsnapped easily . I love the look -LRB- I bought one that has the different colors ... it 's very cute -RRB- . I like that you can adjust the seat to the 4 different positions and that the back adjusts as well . The wheels move nicely on the kitchen floor . The button on the side that makes the legs go down is hard to push so I ca n't do it with my daughter in my hands . Other than that , I have no complaints as of now . When she gets older and she uses it more it might change .
 I just recieved this highchair this week , so it has not had much use -- but so far its working GREAT !! The seat is VERY VERY cushy and all moving parts seem to work well.The color is NOT at all what the picture shows . The seat cushion is actually sage green , mint green , dark red , grey and white . The picture does n't show the green at ALL on the cushion . It is still very cute -- just much brighter than the photo shows .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 I bought this for my 8 month old to entice him to crawl . That is n't working yet , but he does love to sit there and watch the color lights flash when he pushes a color .
 Keeps my baby entertained for very long period of time . Helped him to have an interest in crawling and though he is walking now , he still loves it . Portable , we can take it with us anywhere . Soft plastic , just a really great toy . Have bought several as gifts and all the moms love it as much as I do . A + + + + + + +
 The Desitin Creamy-Zinc Diaper Rash Ointment is the only product I can use on my bottom side . I have tried a great many products but this is the only one that protects and heals at the same time . I do not know where I would be with out this product as I have an acid problem which I have even had prescriptions for . It is inexpensive and I highly recommend it . It can be used by adults as well as children . I only get the results from the creamy product.Destin Creamy-Zinc Oxide Diaper Rash Ointment , 2 / 4.8 oz Tubes
 ~ * Desitin -LRB- creamy -RRB- cleared up my newborns rash within days ! WAY BETTER THAN A&D WHICH WORSENED RASH !!!!! they have VERY sensitive skin , just like their mommy ! The only diaper cream I will use ! * ~
 I just went and bought this I did wash it and dry it before I put it over a mattress pad and it was actually a little loose but it did not fade at all great product
 This set is adorable and looks great in our baby 's nursery . The sheet is too tight to fit on a standard mattress . After trying to put on this sheet , it ripped - definitely avoid the frustration and purchase a different brand of sheets .
 I absolutely love these sheets . Have had no problem with it fitting to the mattress .
 My baby has very sensitive skin and gets a diaper rash every couple of days . I have used other creams but keep coming back to this one . I have been using this on her ever since she was a new born and she is eight months old now . It is gentle enough to use after every diaper change yet effective enough to handle bad rashes . I use it both as a rash preventive measure and for healing . I also use it on her skin and on my own for chronic dry areas . I love the fragrance too .
 The Desitin creamy ointment has been the best protection against diaper rash we 've found . It smooths on easily , stays put , and is an effective barrier against wetness , as long as you change the diaper within a reasonable period of time . It does n't stink , it 's easy to wash off , and it works .
 I ca n't imagine to raise a kid without having Desitin ... It 's most frequently used product for the first year among all baby products ... Even i have used it for my under-arms ... If there were 10 stars in this rating category then i would give it to Desitin ...
 This diaper cream is great I use it on my baby every night before he goes to sleep and never has a rash anymore the more you use it the better . The jar is also cheaper and will last you a lot longer
 Desitin is one of my favorites for diaper cream . Also by using the suscribe and save , I save myself about $ 1 per tube . I only use with red rashes -LRB- not all the time -RRB- . Great product ! Must have for new mothers .
 I really like this product . I use it on my twins and it truly does prevent diaper rash . It goes on creamy , and wipes of easily . It protects the skin and I would recommend this to anyone .
 After using other brands I love this one the best . I would recommend it goes on smooth and takes the rash away in record time . The rash was gone by the next diaper change .
 I completely prefer this product over baby Aquaphor , which was also recommended to me . The creamy is easy to scoop and apply . I use it on my baby several times a day and it works great . Would be better if it was sold in sets of 2 or 4 though .
 It works well . It does n't come off so easy . Good lasting for every day use . Smells good too . Great quantity . I do not regret buying it .
 Since my daughter was born we have been using Desitin and she never has irritated or been rash . Here in Colombia only sell the 4 oz tube and is quite expensive .
 I have been putting this on my 3 month old son with every diaper change since he was born and I have not encountered a rash.I 've tried Target brand creams , and other generic types but this ones the best . Well worth it and if you buy the 2-pack you are getting a much better deal than if you bought it at a drugstore .
 This is a great option in winter , when there is little diaper rash . The cream feels cool on the baby 's skin and also wipes off easily when changing the diaper . This is certainly good enough for cooler weather.I found the maximum strength version lasts on the skin much longer - is harder to wipe away , but also more effective during the summer months .
 I am using this since last 6 months . . as such i do n't have to use it in late summer and early winter but again with proper winter my baby got a rashes and this is the one working great for him . . I am very satisfied with the product and its result .
 Desitin is a must have for the diaper bag and at home with a baby . I use this all the time and love the product .
 I really am not a fan of this tub business . . much prefer the tubes . . easier to use in my opinion . . but I ca n't escape the fact that its just more economical to purchase the tub instead of two tubes .
 I really like the rapid relief . This is much easier to wipe off then the desitin maximum strength which I have used in the past . I just wish these products were all natural . I happen to be using a small tube of Dr. Sears Diaper Rash Cream which is all natural and I love it !
 Tried various butt cream products since my daughter was born , Desitin creamy is hands down the best . It cures red bottoms overnight .
 We have used this diaper cream since my little girl was born and have had amazing results . She has only had about 3 diaper rashes in the past 7 months !! We put it on her after almost all diaper changes -LRB- sometimes we forget or get lazy -RRB- as a layer of protection between her and the diaper . We do use Earth 's Best diapers which are chlorine free and I am not sure what role they play in keeping her bottom rash free.We have tried the Desitin Max Strength and found it to be too thick . The tube does last longer because you only need a small amount each time but it is harder to spread and which usually means she does n't get as much coverage . We also have the Mustela diaper cream that we did use for the few times she got a diaper rash and it was great and making it quickly go away .
 Good for babies , SMELLS good . Lasts forever !!!! Is a good deal , the price is the best here at Amazon . I will be buying this again !
 I used disposables for the first 6 weeks and my son developed a diaper rash even though he was changed nearly every hour . I tried Butt Paste since I received that at my shower and it did nothing after a day . I tried Desitin and after the first diaper it was gone ... yes , GONE ! I was so relieved that something worked because I did n't want his bum to start hurting ! I then started putting a thin layer on as a barrier so a rash would n't develop again and it never did . Now , I cloth diaper and do n't use , but this is the best stuff if you need it !
 I have used this product and am very happy with the results . I would recommend it to everyone without any hesitation .
 Best product so far , no rash on my baby , amazon has the best price online.don ' t buy bigger than 4 OZ it will be difficult tu handle .
 This works really well . We never had a diaper rash incident . We never used any other product for our daughter .
 received on time , great service . I buy this regularly and it works . nothing more can be added , other wise i will repeat myself .
 I 'm not sure what else to say . Desitin works great for us . I know there are other creams out there , but this one so far has been the best .
 We 're actually using this on my mom , who is bedridden and in diapers . It 's good for both prevention and treatment of diaper rash . We like its creamy texture , mild smell -LRB- which is not unpleasant at all -RRB- , and the fact that it does n't feel greasy on her skin . It 's just sort of there.I 've tried other , more expensive creams and ointments , but this works just as well and is quite reasonably priced.Although it seems kind of funny to be using baby diaper rash cream on an elderly parent , the cream does n't know the difference ! It works great even on old people .
 This is such a great product . It works immediately . I use it with aquaphor to help make a double protective layer .
 Good product , usefull !!! Buy it if you are looking for quality to your life ; soft and easy to use it .
 I bought this cream for my baby and i recognize that this product is magnificent . I use this product after every diaper change and my baby stays healthy and happy .
 Es un buen producto y permite ahorrar dinero . Es de buena calidad y da seguridad para el cuidadeo de los bebes
 Desitin is great for preventing diaper rash . I am a nurse ... the best way to apply Desitin is as a prevention measure . Either use it daily or at night when you know the baby will be sitting in pee awhile . If my baby is getting diarrhea , then I apply it at every change so the next poop does n't actually touch the skin itself , just the cream . Most importantly , the skin must be DRY when you apply the cream . The cream creates a moisture barrier on the skin to keep out bad moisture -LRB- urine , poop -RRB- , but make sure you are not locking in moisture -LRB- from wiping -RRB- ... let the bottom air dry first . If your baby does get a rash , the product will burn some . . I like to apply a bit of powder and then the cream ... does n't seem to hurt so much and still works to heal.Hope this helps some new moms . The product is great when used like it is meant to .
 We have been buying this product since our daughter as born , one year ago . It 's a great product and we love it , and we will continue to purchase it .
 Better value than buying multiple tubes ! I did not experience any breakage in the packaging when this arrived - this was expressed by other users .
 This desitin is very creamy and it keeps my baby very dry . I have been using it for 7 weeks now and no rash .
 For our baby , this has worked much better than other well-rated zinc oxide creams -LRB- specifically , Mustela Vitamin Barrier and Triple Paste Medicated -RRB- to the extent that diaper rashes of any significance have become a thing of the past . The 16 oz . tub is convenient for use beside the changing table and lasts for several months .
 I use Desitin for every diaper change . I was told by other parents that diaper rash is no fun to experience for either baby or the parent , so I use this product to avoid it altogether . This product works great and baby 's bottom always seems comfortably dry . Prior to using this , I was using white petrolatum jelly on my newborn , and while it no doubt provided a barrier , it also looked slimy . I like using Desitin much better than the jelly .
 I love this design . very comfortable to use at home for the baby . Very large jar and will last a long time .
 This rapid relief cream is excellant!It 's smooth and creamy as mentioned , and smells better than the original cream -LRB- the original has a stronger scent -RRB- . Effects on skin within a day or two , you can see the changes!I use it on my 7 months old baby since he was two months . recommended .
 When my daughter had a serious case of diaper rash , I freaked out and bought the Desitin Maximum relief . I thought
 We were using a couple of different ointments for the first few weeks , but then our baby got a diaper rash that was spreading fast and the ointments did n't seem to be helping . We pulled out a tube of Desitin Rapid Relief that someone had bought for us , and from the very first application it was already clearing up my son 's diaper rash . We have n't used any other diaper rash cream since that day ! Great product - I would definitely recommend giving it a try .
 People are giving 1 star ratings because of shipping accidents and the amount of cream included in this buy?Those are ridiculous reasons to be giving an amazing working product a low rating . It 's not the creams fault : PThis product is absolutely fantastic and my baby is always super happy to be creamed up to prevent nasty diaper rashes . I 'd recommend it to anyone with a baby . It 's a must have .
 Desitin is great for preventing diaper rash . I am a nurse ... the best way to apply Desitin is as a prevention measure . Either use it daily or at night when you know the baby will be sitting in pee awhile . If my baby is getting diarrhea , then I apply it at every change so the next poop does n't actually touch the skin itself , just the cream . Most importantly , the skin must be DRY when you apply the cream . The cream creates a moisture barrier on the skin to keep out bad moisture -LRB- urine , poop -RRB- , but make sure you are not locking in moisture -LRB- from wiping -RRB- ... let the bottom air dry first . If your baby does get a rash , the product will burn some . . I like to apply a bit of powder and then the cream ... does n't seem to hurt so much and still works to heal.Hope this helps some new moms . The product is great when used like it is meant to .
 This product works right away , calms the rash down , it honestly does its job ... but I personally prefer Aveeno brand over it . It seems like Aveeno also keeps the skin better hydrated , Aveeno is also easier to clean off the skin . For example , if you give your baby a bath , Aveeno washes off afterwards , Desitin stays on . My baby developed his diaper rash from staying in a wet cloth diaper for too long during the night . I recommend to give your baby camomile baths and air baths , also take your baby outside and let him -LRB- and his bottom -RRB- warm up in the sun a bit , no sunscreen . That little exposure to the open sun seems to do magic to heal his skin . Do not over do it though not to get sunburn .
 It 's no instant cure-all , but when my 11/2 year old had an upset stomach which showed up in her diaper , and gave her the worst rash she has had to date , it helped soothe it right away and it was all but gone the next day .
 This product works well . I used it two times and my daughter 's diaper rash was gone . I recommended this product to my friend too .
 I used this with my baby but have found that it works great for adults . Underarm redness and irritation seem to clear up after using this once . It is also a great product for the elderly or bedridden who need to stay dry . This smells really nice and is very soothing .
 These cream works well to keep my baby 's bottom from becoming red . However , when she developed a diaper rash due to diarrhea every two hours , it did n't help at all and I had to take my daughter to the pediatrician to get a better cream .
 Our one year old grand daughter now has her own nursery at grandma and grandpa 's house . That means we change diapers . This cream seems to be a wonder product . Wherever there is redness or irritation , just a dab of this and within an hour or so , the redness is gone . Could n't live without it .
 Highly recommend to avoid diaper rash . Especially for those nighttime diapers that stand on for babies who STTN . Personally I also love the scent of desitin .
 I l.o.v.e this product ! Everything about it - smell , effectiveness , cost . Just get it , get lots of it ! This jar is really big , it will last you about 3 months if you use it like me - every single diaper change .
 I have to say , for me the best part of this product is that it DOES N'T STINK . The smell is actually almost nice . The regular Desitin as well as other brands I 've tried smelled so foul . I would assume that 's because of extra powerful ingredients , but the truth is this one with its mild scent works as well as the best of them ; my little one had pretty sensitive skin and was prone to rashes but this clears them up just fine . -LRB- Just note
 We go through a lot of Desitin in this house ! I like the creamy feel of Desitin , the lack of a strong scent , and its effectiveness . We use this after each change to ensure rashes are kept at bay and it does the job well !
 I worked in the infant room at a daycare for two years and we had many different creams donated to us by parents . This product arrived with one of our new babys with instructions to make sure we only use THIS cream on said baby and no other cream . Well we changed this baby and she was a little red so we broke out our new cream and put it on her and by next diaper change the redness was almost gone . From then on we only bought Desitin for our nursery babies and now that I am a mom this is all I use on my baby too !
 I am really really happy with this products , I has been using it for long time and this is definitelythe best
 I put some Desitin on my son 's bottom before going to bed or if we are going on what might be a longer trip where he might be sitting in a wet diaper longer than usual.Not one diaper rash in 6 months so far . I must have used about 1/2 the tub . So I expect it will last about a year for us .
 I love this cream and my baby 's skin too . It works soo fast less than 12 hours and the rash disappeared . Very good size and smells good too . I used it for my 3 weeks old newborn girl .
 economic , nice product . buy it if you want to make keep some money . ideal for use at home . I recommend it .
 Great product . I bought the product because of the reviews . My daughter 's diaper rash was gone in about 3 days . Her rash was severe , it spread down to the inner thigh . Now it is all clear with no scars or any marks of a rash . Great product .
 Desitin Rapid Relief Creamy Jar , 16-Ounce , the best ! . , ... ...
 Just love itIt is so soft and perfect for little baby skinNot allergic and smells good.always use it every timeIt is perfect ...
 I bought this as a baby gift-I used this product on my own children growing up-very useful to chaffing . I recommend this product .
 This is a excellent product . My little one use to poop for every feeding until 1 and half months . If i didnt apply this he ll soon get diaper rash . i use to wash and grease it up for every diaper change . i have seen difference from my first application . It didnt do rash / harm to my babys skin . Every baby is unique if it didnt cure or if u feel no improvement check with your pediatrician.After using this regularly he didnt get diaper rash at all . Now i stopped using this hez pooping once a day -LRB- relieved from midnight wake ups -RRB- .
 This is sensational . I always buy this and give it to my friends . The best I ever tried in my kids .
 My baby was born.A lot of people recommend it.I 'm looking forward to good effect.I like it.The price is good .
 This version of Desitin works great . It heals diaper rash quickly , and does n't have the awful fish oil stink of the regular Desitin . It 's also much smoother to apply .
 my feet are extremely dry and my partners legs are extra dry and very flakey this will fix that issueyes its greasy but it does the job like no other , we first sampled this product during a hospital staysince then its on the go to list and I have sent it to family members . I highly recommend this product .
 We order this cradle for our new born , it is great , the size and durability ; and we love that we can continue us it as a love seat after , so its functional .
 We bought this for our second baby , and he sleeps on his own because he was comfortable from the start . We kept the safety peg in place , and it moved just enough to comfort baby . His own movements would move the cradle . It 's a beautiful piece of furniture . The design made it easy to transition a sleeping baby smoothely from our arms , into the cradle . Solid wood , excellent price .
 This night light is really high quality and looks great in our first baby 's nursery . It goes great with her Cocalo Abby 's Farm theme , also purchased on Amazon.com .
 I bought these bottles becasue of my decision to switch to glass after the whole plastic debate . I researched different companies and found that the Evenflo from Amazon were by far the cheapest and price is a big factor for me.After using them for a week my only disappointment was the nipples . I had been using Avent and Playtex bottles and the medium flow nipples are a much faster flow . With the glass bottles my daughter would only drink a couple of ounces before getting frustrated and giving up . I modified the nipples by cutting an X in the top and now she 's fine with them.As far as leaking goes , yes they leak on occasion just like the Avent and Playtex ones did . The trick is getting the cap on right and I found that loosening it and retightening it a second time works wonders . I never have any leaking problems now that I 've figured that out.I would reccommend these bottles for anyone considering glass who is on a budget . I have one Born Free glass bottle and , although it is great , it was far too expensive for me to replace all my bottles with that brand .
 After trying several other brands of bottles we have settled on these glass Evenflo nursers . They seem to clean up nicer in the dishwasher and we had some concerns about feeding our baby using plastic bottles . The companies that offer bpa free plastic bottles seem to be trying to cash in on peoples fears and charging too much for their product .
 Considering all the news about plastics , this is the safest way to go in my opinion . These bottles are a little heavy but very sturdy . My daughter has dropped it several times on the wood floor without any problems . A bottle cover is a good idea though , we use a neoprene cover since she drops it all the time . The 8 oz . size is the best size too .
 I 've bought these bottles several times now and I love them . They are hygienic , easy to clean , safe to heat , safe to freeze , I love the upper cap and the little one that goes underneath the nipple . And my toddler prefers the brown hard nipples over the soft ones -LRB- I still have to cut the tip off , though -RRB- . They are also `` hard '' to break and the price is very fair .
 When I was pregnant there were sooo many articles out about BPA and babies getting serious complications from all those chemicals in plastic bottles . The green bottles were very cute , but rather expensive . I decided to go a little old school with these glass bottles and boy am I glad that I did . My baby loves them . They are easy clean and the nipples and bottle tops are great quality . The only thing is that you have to make sure you burp your baby well after feeding because with glass bottles without any liner they are more likely to have gas . These are great and I will only use them for our babies who have yet to come !
 Having heard about the dangers of plastic bottles I got this product for my daughter who was having a baby . She has done great with it , they have been less of a hassle than we would have thought and we both feel better knowing we made the best decision we could .
 Talk about the toxic chemicals leaching into baby formula from plastic bottles ! To be 100 % safe , we chose the old , classic , EvenFlo glass bottles to protect our baby . These arrive with the slowest flow nipple . When baby is older , you can heat up a needle/hat pin to make a second hole , or buy a whole new set of nipples . I get a really good feeling seeing the glass come really clean in the dishwasher . -LRB- Plastic just gets more and more cloudy . -RRB- Amazon gives you lots of choices on how to purchase glass baby bottles . Before you order , consider the free shipping available on the 3 packs , compared to the cost of shipping on larger packages .
 glass , not plastic for my babythey fit perfectly on medela pump as well
 I still use these glass bottles to heat my 26 month old 's milk for oatmeal . Then I pour the heated milk into a glass serving bowl for mixing with the oatmeal -LRB- I spoon feed him the oatmeal -RRB- . I can be confident of heating in glass vs. who knows what chemicals leach out from plastic . I sewed some `` bump guards '' made of fleece for each bottle . I keep the bottles stored in these fleece covers when not in use .
 Since I wanted bpa-free bottles for milk storage , I decided to go with glass . The milk ususally does smell funny after being in any plastic bottle , but definitely smells better -LRB- i.e. no smell -RRB- after being in these bottles . The bottles also fit the Medela Pump in Style Advanced adaptors , so you can pump right into them . Another advantage is that the evenflow ring and cap comes with each bottle , and can be used to cover other plastic bottles from medela and gerber . You can also use these bottles to feed the baby , but I would recommend using a silicone nipple from Gerber.I recommend these bottles to other parents .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 We 've been using this diaper pail since my daughter was born 10 months ago . We do n't use the touch-free option , so I ca n't really comment on that . We keep the pail inside a pull-out cabinet in the changing table , and the top of the cabinet would always set off the motion sensor and cause the lid to open when the cabinet was closed , so we turned off the motion sensor and we just open it manually , which is fine . The diaper pail broke after just a few weeks of use , and now the top does n't quite close all the way , but I think that was our fault for trying to overload it . It still worked okay for several months , even without being able to close it all the way -LRB- maybe because we keep it inside a cabinet , which keeps the smell contained for the most part -RRB- . Bottom line
 Probably the best purchase we made ! It is very easy because it is touch free so I do n't have to worry about spending a lot of time opening and closing something while my baby is on the changing table . Totally keeps odors out too ! It has a chamber you put the diaper in and after the lid shuts it rolls over into the dirty diaper bag below . It also takes any type of garbage bag so I do n't have to purchase a more expensive special brand .
 Well , I was scared to order this based on the reviews , but we have now been using it for 7 + months and still think that it is great . This diaper pail is the same size as all the rest , which since this is our second child we know all pails when used with older kidos need to go out about every 2 days . Solid food changes bring on real stink to the situation , but this pail does the trick on keeping the smell gone . We used the electric part for a while , but I prefer to use the thing by hand , I can open and close it quicker , which is the only way smell escapes . All of our friends traded in their genies for this one , no additional cost for fancy bags and it can hold larger fuller diapers without getting stuck , something the genie has a lot of problems with -LRB- YUCK -RRB- . This was my fourth try after having a genie -LRB- both regular and foot operated -RRB- and a draco -- we love this .
 We had a diaper genie with our first child , and it was such a pain to change the refil , and it would get jammed . Then I saw this at Babies R Us and had to try it out . It works great . Uses standard garbage bags , you could probably use the bags from the grocery store too . So simple to use , and no smell . So far so good . We have had it a week , and it 's been filled up once . So simple I think my wife could change the trash bag .
 I got this diaper pail when my first daughter was born almost 4 years ago . I really liked it and it work very good . Yes the instalation of batteries was a little bit of a pain , but luckily mine did n't required a battery change too often . The ball , although could get dirty , we really had much issue with since we always manage to containg everything inside the diaper , unless it was an explosive one , then we would use an extra wipe if necessary . I also like the fact that if you wanted you could use it manually by just moving changing the switch in the back to manual -LRB- which was handy if the batteries dies and I did n't have left any at that time -RRB- . About the odors , I have to admit I was a little dissapointed as the odor was a little too stronger and the filters did n't seem to help much , besides the fact that they were very expensive.What I really had issues with , was then the lid broke ; since it was under warranty and as with all my products , I had this one registered I contact Graco and they send me the replacement part in no time ; however , there was a problem with that part . It did NOT close properly , so by leaving a little gap , not only the diaper was getting stuck but also the smell was really coming out of it . I called Graco to let them know about the issue with the part and they told me that they would exchange it , but for that I needed to sent the part -LRB- which is pretty big and heavy enough to run you a good chunk in postage -RRB- paid by my own pocket so they can review the part and if they find that the part was in deed defective , then they will send me another one . That would have take a long time without the lid to avoid the smel to come out plus a lot of money from my part for a product that I have already paid for to begin with and a pafrt that should have been working properly . Since money was an issue and return not a possibility , we ended up using it like that in the manual option for a little bit longer , but since even in the manual mode the lit did not closed properly , we ended up just having to put the diapers aside until baby was ready and then bring them all the way to the trash can outside!I still think is a good idea and since my first lid was working really good I have to admit that if there is an updated option I will most likely get it .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 Great product for those with poor eyesight . My grandma has a degenerative eye condition and these help her out immensely . She missed playing scrabble with her sister because of her eyesight and now can play again . I would point out that MAXIAIDS.COM has the same tiles for 12.95 . They also have many other wonderful products , including a deluxe scrabble low vision game . I bought my tiles there .
 For those who enjoy playing scrabble but have some visual issues , these tiles are just the ticket . The letters are large , and the black on white combination makes the letters jump out at you and easy to see . So , playing Scrabble is a pleasure rather than a strain.This is my second set , as I use them so frequently that , after about two years of steady use , the letters start to fade a bit . Still , these are my favorite tiles , because I can see them so easily and so clearly .
 My great grandmother loves to play Scrabble , but is blind in one eye . These larger letter Scrabble tiles make it easier for her to play the game.White Large Print Letter Tiles
 They made a great 50th birthday gag gift for a friend of mine who is a Scrabble fan .
 White Large Letter Tiles.We play SCRABBLE no less than three games a day with our wonderfull friend Idah F Kerr whome will be 95 this year Lord willing . The large tiles has helped Idah to play with more injoyment , because of the grate contrast and boldness of the tiles . Thankfully John Morin Milo , Maine -LRB- ps
 Very nice . The material is really good with high quality fabric and the color is so feminine and soft . A very good buy for $ 99.00 only .
 Lambs and Ivy manufactures quality bedding . I am really happy with the quality of it . You ca n't beat the price here on Amazon , I looked at a number of other websites and they were all going for $ 150 . The 10 piece included the six piece bumper , crib sheet , comforter , bed skirt , valance , diaper hanger . The other four pieces were the lamp , small rug , and two rolls of border . This is worth the money and it is so pretty !
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This product is very cute and I would definitely recommend it ! It came as promised and appears to be made very well . It is the perfect keepsake .
 very cute . bought it as a Christmas present for my expecting daughter and she loved it . recommend it for a baby shower present . good price
 This is the most practical organizer I bought . I ca n't believe they are not carrying it ! I would give it to every new mom . Pockets are deep and I put there everything -- diapers , creams , wipes , socks and still have room . It 's a best thing . Bring it back !
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 My wife , who is pregnant with twins , loves this . It 's the only thing allowing her to sleep at night . It ended up being one of the best Christmas presents under the tree !
 This particular pillow is wonderful because it is not cumbersome or too large to manage yet does everything my wife needs it to do . I hardly know this pillow is in bed with us , and when I do notice it I ca n't help but to think of how nice and soft it is . A great thing about the main squeeze is it is so versatile . The pillow can be twisted and bent into any desired position . This is a great product and I highly recommend it to all who are looking for something that will support all legs , pregnant belly , and face and hands . One nice thing I forgot to mention is because it is sleek my wife has no problem turning with it when she feels the need to be on her other side .
 I have been using this pillow since about 5months pregnant and now I 'm about 8mo and I still love it . I 'm pregnant with twins so my bellly is probably larger than most but it still seems to do the trick . I like the way you can hug it - very comfy . I 've washed the cover and it is still just as soft and did n't shrink at all .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This formula is perfect for sensitive , prone to diaper rash , skin . We like the non-irritating/soothing ingredients , plus no mineral oil . Sam
 All the other brands seem to fight the rash so slow that it never goes away . This stuff is amazing ! A small rash is gone after 2 applications . And it 's not that weird oily texture that 's impossible to wash off . Certainly worth the extra price .
 love it use it on daily base after dirty diaper or any redness over the body , after 20 minutes everything is gone , i even use it on my oven body burns
 I live in Germany and this cream is available in drugstores so I thought I 'd give it a try . Wow ! When I first tried it , I could n't believe how good it was at getting rid of diaper rash ! It 's much lighter in texture than your average diaper cream and does n't have that nasty fish-oil smell that comes with Desitin or some of the other ones , proof that zinc oxide does n't have to be thick and disgusting . The calendula smell of this cream is fresh and clean smelling.Another plus , for moms who use cloth diapers - it does n't stick to your diapers and take all kinds of soaking to get out . I use cloth diapers and have no problems with this diaper cream leaving a residue . I 'm now pregnant with our second child and have already stocked up on this item because I know how good it is . I even make sure to give it to my friends who are pregnant as part of their shower gift , and they all rave about it .
 I started using this on my son , born in 1999 . then i used it on my daughter , born in 2000 . Once they were out of diapers , I stilled used it for any type of rash or skin iritation . It really came in handy when we discover my daughter was allergic to a certain soap . Or when she did n't rinse behind her ears in the shower and the skin got irritated . So , seven years later , we are still using this product . It is far beyond words what this product means to me .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 I just received this beautiful set and was absolutely amazed at how darling it is ! The online picture does NOT do this justice at all , believe me . Judging from the picture , I actually thought the brush and comb would be light , even made out of plastic , but instead both were quite heavy and is very durable ! The set is actually silver plated and is gorgeous ! I bought this lovely set for the princess in my life , my 15 month old daughter and am very , very pleased with it . I highly recommend this to all the parents out there who are looking for that special gift for the princesses in their lives ! -LRB-^_^-RRB-
 This is a very adorable brush and comb set . The only reason I 'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars is because over time my daughter started using it herself and the plastic part of the brush holding the bristles separated from the metal back but she was unusually rough on it at times and it was nothing a little glue could n't fix . Over the past 7 years some of the teeth of the comb have also broken off but once again it 's to be expected when a small child gets a hold of a comb that that might happen .
 Initially , with a newborn in hand , it seems as though the blanket is rather large , but it is just perfect when you are wrapping up and swaddling the baby . Now that my daughter is 3 months old , I 'm so glad it is large because I can continue to swaddle her with this blanket -- other receiving blankets are too small . The fabric is very soft and it launders well . In fact , even with many baby blankets that I received as gifts , I went and ordered another one of these blankets because it was my favorite : -RRB-
 We bought four of these for my daughter . The fuchsia is a really pretty , happy shade of pink and matches very well with the Stokke bedding in her nursury . These are very soft and generously sized - good for swaddling even large babies , you just fold it a bit more for swaddling smaller babies . Since they are good quality flannel they can be a bit warm in the summer , but that also makes them toasty warm in the winter . Now that my daughter is a little older and not swaddled anymore , we use these more for blankets to play on at home , playdates , classes , etc. . Love them .
 These burp cloths are absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . The material is so soft and a beautiful shade of pink . Perfect for that little princess . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 This bib is absolutely gorgeous . I received this item at my baby shower , after putting it on my registry , thinking it was overpriced and never thinking anyone would pay this money . Well I received two bibs and a set of burp cloths and I ca n't wait to use them . I 'm going to buy some myself .
 I could n't be happier with this stroller system.It is light weight , great looking , easy to use.The fabric is easy to clean and supports our newborn very well.Car seat is extremly easy to use and secures well.I have nothing negative to say about this system.It is worth every penny ...
 We tried two other Travel Systems before falling in LOVE with this one . First , We love the colors and the fabric wipes clean easily . The carrier snaps into the base with ease and the base has a liquid leveler to ensure proper balance . . The stroller is truly an `` Easy one-hand fold , '' it also locks and stands up when folded . The adjustable canopy is the best , keeping sun out of `` my little ones face '' at all times . Storage great and the seat reclines with ease . I love the frame , although I would n't consider it lightweight , also the handle adjusts to 3 positions which makes pushing it easy for all members of the family -LRB- tall or short -RRB- . Overall ... This system is very easy to use , well worth every penny !!
 I desperately wanted a new stroller to replace my 3 year old Graco LiteRider -LRB- which I never really liked -RRB- . I tried out a Peg Pliko , but did n't like the basket access -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , and them came across this system at Babies ' R Us . I was not in the market for a new seat unless my old SnugRide would n't fit in the new stroller . I really liked the new Graco Quattro strollers -LRB- the Canterbury/Laura Ashley being my favorite -RRB- . But since it only came as a system I decided to look at other systems as well . After reading many reviews it was down to this system or a Quattro Tour with the new Graco SafeSeat . Originally I was going to go with the SafeSeat since it has higher weight/height limits . But then I decided that should n't make my decision because I already have a Britax Marathon so the higher limits wo n't save me any money -LRB- and I 'll likely stop using the infant carrier seat when my daughter can sit up anyways , and at least the KeyFit still has higher limits than my old SnugRide . It came down to the better stroller . While I love that you can lower the basket on the Quattro when the seat is reclined , you can very easily access the basket on the Cortina without that feature . The deciding factor was the fact that the Cortina is a smaller/lighter stroller and the one-hand fold is MUCH easier than Graco 's since it automatically locks and you can fold it up towards you without having to bend over to lock/pick it up . Installation of the car seat base -LRB- using Latch -RRB- was a breeze compared to the snugride ! Got a nice tight fit without having to try really hard . Will update once we receive our second base and I install that with a seatbelt . I love-love-love this travel system and would recommend it to everyone !!!
 I ended up buying this travel system and just put it together tonight . I also considered the Graco Quattro Tour and the Metrolite strollers before buying this one . It is SO easy to put together , basically you just have to snap on the wheels -LRB- took less than 20 minutes total -RRB- . The stroller is really well made and high quality , unlike some of the others I have looked at . It is very easy to fold the stroller with one hand -LRB- you pull up on a lever and push down on a bar with your foot -RRB- , and then the stroller locks and stands on its own -LRB- no need to fasten any clamps to get it to lock into place , it is automatic -RRB- . It is also very light weight , especially compared to the Quattro Tour . Although the instructions say NOT to put the carrier in a shopping cart seat , I was able to easily fit it in the shopping cart basket and think this will work for me . The shoulder harness on the infant carrier/car seat is very easy to adjust , you just pull on one central strap and the whole thing tightens or loosens as needed . I also like that the baby tray comes completely off -LRB- rather than just lifting on one side -RRB- so that I can wash it . The infant carrier also comes with an insert for babies under 11 lbs , so this eliminates the need to buy one separately . The leg holes can be safely closed for using the stroller as a carriage , and the under basket is spacious and easy to reach , even when the seat is fully reclined . I also love it that the seat reclines with a lever mechanism rather than a draw string . So far I just love this travel system , and find it to be the perfect compromise between a heavy Quattro Tour and the lighter weight Metrolite . I could n't find any crash test ratings on the car seat because it is so new , but as far as I can tell Chicco has gotten good reviews in the past -LRB- I previously gave it 4 stars because of this , but think I would probably give it 5 stars now after having bought it . -RRB-
 After problems with numerous travel systems -LRB- Graco and Eddie Bauer -RRB- we went with the Cortina . It is so much easier to use . It is very lightweight and I love that it stands up when folded down . My daughter loves this car seat and stroller . The color is fantastic . Customer Service for Chicco is Fabulous !!! We initially had a slight problem with a tear on the stroller . Most companies want serial # , model # , manufacture date , when and where purchased and your first born ... . Not Chicco , they are great . They only asked which travel system I had and they shipped right away the replacement . Now Graco on the other had , when called about wheel warping told me that I should not have used the stroller at the zoo on a mid 80 degree day in Indiana . Needless to say that after having the same problem 3 times this was the straw the broke the camels back . The stroller and car seat went back to BRU and was exchanged for the Eddie Bauer , which also went back . I digress . The Cortina is so easy to use . I highly recommend this to anyone who asks ! I wish that they had a convertible car seat available in the US .
 We finally bought this after dealing with the Eddie Bauer system . Needless to say the EB went back . The Cortina system is the best . The stroller is lightweight and easy to handle . It has a big basket for storage & you can easily get to it with the stroller reclined , has a cupholder & storage for mom & dad , the snack tray lifts up to access my son in the stroller , and many other perks . The car seat is excellent . The base is so wide that it barely moves . It has a leveling bubble to see that it is installed properly . The carseat is big and roomy - my son is 27 inches long & 17 lbs . This carseat has plently of room for him to grow . The Cortina is a little more expensive , however it is so worth the money . I would highly recommend this to anyone not sure which system to buy .
 We ordered this because it had lots of great reviews and cool features that we liked . It definitely lives up to the reviews . I love it !! The stroller is so smooth and easy to push , even with one hand . It is really easy to fold up and its not heavy at all . The carrier snaps into the base effortlessly and is wonderful . The only problems we had were minor.First I could n't figure out how to get the carrier out of the stroller . I felt like such a dummy . -LRB- You have to push down on the handle while pulling the release button -RRB- Once I figured it out , its a breeze . It also made me feel good that noone is going to be able to come up and just take the carrier out of the stroller.My only other complaint is that the carrier is a tad bit heavy . It does n't really affect me though , because I use the stroller all the time , except when I 'm taking the baby from the car into the house.Plus all the extra features really make up for any problems . The base is easy to install in the car and the self leveling is really convenient . We use the seat tethers and it was a quick snap in . The base has a convenient storage space to keep small toys or an extra pacifier . The stroller has the adjustable handle and the storage underneath is deep enough so stuff does n't fall out when you are pushing up a steep incline . Also , the colors and fabric are very modern and are n't corny looking like most sets . Overall , this was a great purchase !
 My husband and I searched high and low to find a stroller/travel system that would suit our needs . We did n't want anything too bulky , which most of the Graco 's seemed to be . And we did n't want anything too lightweight that it would fall apart . We did n't want to pay an arm and a leg either . So we discover the Chicco Cortina and liked it immediately . `` Not so fast , '' my husband says . He wanted to check out the reviews before we made the purchase . So he did , and did n't find one single negative review -LRB- this was back in dec. -RRB- . We made the purchase . It was easy to put together . I love how deep the seat is . The stroller is so easy to manuever . It is light , but not flimsy . I love the color . I like the adjustable back . And best of all , for my husband who is 6 ' 3 '' , the handle on the stroller adjusts heights . It is a great buy . I also suggest getting an additional car seat base if you have two cars . there are so many great features , I ca n't remember them all . We are definately satisfied and so is our little guy .
 this is a great stroller i 'm a first time mom and it took me about 2 months looking for the best travel system untill i found this one and the reason why it is the best one in the market1-the stroller is not heavy and this was somthing i was looking for in a stroller2-the car seat also is not heavy which is great3-it is easy tp fold the stroller you can do it in one hand and also when you fold it it just stand tall and that is great cause the fabric will not touch the ground especially in the winter when the ground is wet4-easy to stearnow when i bought this travel system there was no reviews on it so i did not know that the car seat did not lach to the shopping cart but come to think about it how long you are gon na use the car seat the stroller is what is important and also you can put the car seat in the shopping cart and i tryed to put the car seat on the shopping cart and it was steady and it did not move even but for me i like to put it in the shopping cartwell i hope you will benifit frim this information and i really recomend this one it is great
 GORGEOUS TRAVEL SYSTEM AND FITS IN OUR SMALL ECONOMY CAR TRUNK WHEN OTHER SYSTEMS WOULD NOT ! THIS SYSTEM IS HIGH QUALITY , GOES TOGETHER VERY EASILY AND HAS LOTS OF FEATURES FOR A COMPACT TRAVEL SYSYTEM !! THE HIGHER PRICE IS MONEY WELL SPENT !!
 My husband and I registered for this travel system after trying out many other travel systems at Babies R ' Us , including Peg Perego and Graco . So far we are very happy with our decision.The car seat base is very easy to install -LRB- we used the keyfit option -RRB- and the car seat latches easily and securely in place . The stroller folds very easily and , while it is not the lightest out there , is very maneuverable and sturdy.We also like the neutral colors - not too `` babyish '' or trendy and suitable for a boy or girl .
 From the day we found out that we were expecting my husband and I knew we would look for a Chicco stroller . But , we thought we should give other strollers a chance and took apart about 10 -LRB- ! -RRB- travel systems at our local Babies ` R'Us . Some were simply so complicated to fold , recline and adjust that even my husband , who is great putting things together , struggled with them . Not to mention the weight of the whole travel system and the carrier itself . As a 5 ' 3 '' petite person I needed a stroller that I could fold and lift into and out of the car myself , plus be able to carry the car seat including -LRB- ! -RRB- the baby.The Chicco travel system is wonderfully easy to handle , folds up VERY easily , is extremely lightweight for a full-size stroller , its colors are subdued , neutral , and all materials used are easy to clean ! The car seat snaps in and out of the stroller like butter , the car seat base is LATCH applicable and is so easy to install with its built-in levels . The stroller handle is height adjustable -LRB- great for 5 ' 3 '' me and a taller husband -RRB- , it has a large storage bin and the canopy features a see-through part so that baby can be watched without having to open the canopy or having to walk around the stroller.One last word about delivery and assembly . The Chicco travel system was delivered to our house only 3 -LRB- !! -RRB- days after we had ordered it , was in perfect shape in its original box and was assembled in less than 10 minutes!Although the price tag is a little higher than other travel systems , this one is DEFINITELY worth its money and we recommend it highly !
 I ca n't say enough about this travel system . It cost a bit more than the other travel systems Babies R'Us sells , but it 's worth it . I chose this system for the ease of use and relative light weight of the carseat because I have arthritis in my hands and wrists and had difficulty with some of the latches and releases of the other systems . This thing is so easy and efficient -LRB- and the colors are nice too -RRB- . The carseat locks into place easily , the base is easy to mount and level , and the stroller is super-smooth , sturdy , and folds easily . It also has padded harness straps so the straps do n't rub and a body support for newborns . I have only two complaints
 We had a baby 6 weeks early and is coming home from the hospital under 5pounds . We weere told that we had to find a carseat for babies under 5 pounds and under 18 inches . We learned this is no easy task ! This is only one of two that we found . We decided on this one and it 's great choice . Easy to use and it looks great . The hospital liked it so much they took pictures and photo copied the brochure . A must buy in my book !
 I wish this stroller was out when I was shopping for mine , I saw it on display at BRU while shopping for other things and had to stop and play with it becasue I 've heard such great things about the carseat . The carseat is very highly recommended by carseat safety techs and is soooo plush , I will definately get it for my next baby . I love my Peg Perego stroller too , but this one combines the best of both worlds ! The fabric is cushy and the seat lays all the way flat for naps . There are parent and child trays and it seems very sturdy . I took off one star because it is still pretty bulky compared to my Peg , but not a huge deal.Please disregard the comment below aboout the seat not fitting on shopping carts ; it not supposed to and it 's dangerous ! There are thousands of accidents every year with babies falling off of carts . I do n't think you will find ANY carseat manufacturer that actually recommends this practice , they are made to work with the strollers and bases ONLY . If you must take your little one shopping place the carseat in the main compartment of the shopping cart or better yet use a sling/baby carrier . If you are only getting a few things , the basket on the stroller is HUGE and can definately fit a gallon of milk and other neccesities .
 We bought this stroller and loved every aspect until I headed grocery shopping ! The infant carrier does n't have the slots that allow it to fit in the ` sitting part ' of the grocery cart . This also prevents it from working in some resturants ' infant carrier holders . Otherwise , I love it ! My favorite part is the infant insert to keep her head from bouncing around !
 I spent days looking for the right travel system . I looked in stores , online , and talked to all my other `` mommy '' friends . After looking at everything and hearing what other had to say , I knew this was the right system for my family . The quality of this one is leaps and bounds beyond what you get in a Graco or any other brand . I love the ease of use of the carseat and knowing that it is designed for smaller babies is such a comfort . I was on a pretty strict budget and this was my one real `` splurge '' , knowing how much it will be used and how important it was to me to have a safe carseat . I would highly recommend this travel system because of its quality , features , and safety .
 After spending two hours in the store checking out all the other systems , we decided on this one and ca n't be happier . It is lightweight , easy to use , sturdy and easy to clean . The car seat installs into the key fit base and stroller with the ease of one hand and the key fit base is just as easy to install . Just enough storage space for gadgets and bags . Highly recommended .
 We chose this combo set for a couple of reasons
 We just got this travel system as a gift and so far we absolutely love it . The infant car seat is easy to install and has lots of cool safety features . It has a lot of supportive padding to keep the little one safe and secure . Carriage is lightweight for a travel system , lots of mommy and baby features , and looks great .
 I purchased this system for my six week old daughter after returning the Eddie Bauer Mercer travel system to Babies R Us . I LOVE this system !!! The stroller is lightweight and easy to fold and unfold . The carseat snaps into the stroller and carseat base so easily ... no effort at all . And most importantly , the carseat does not sway or turn over like the Eddie Bauer did . I could n't be happier with this system ! I only wish I had bought this one in the first place instead of suffering with the Eddie Bauer for six weeks !!!!
 This by far is the best combo stroller/carseat out there . I love the feel of the material - its cushiony and thick - Very safe for your child . I recently took the carseat on vacation and you dont need the base . It has hooks underneath the cloth that can fit right into a seatbelt when your on vacation or away from home . Saves you the trouble . Its lightweight and very safe.The stroller is AWESOME . Lots of storage . Wheels are well made and lots of gagets for parents needs . The material is well made and its very versitle . I love this .
 I first read all of the reviews online about this stroller . After going to the store to find that the stroller we firt registered for was discontinued , I went back to the drawing board . My wife and I saw the Cortina system and were very impressed . Being first time parents , I did my research . All of the reviews that I read on this were right on . The ease of use , the large storage basket that is very easy to get eveything in and out of and the overall use of the stoller . The travel system works great . The car seat works great for our new arrival who was only 6 pds when we left the hospital . I rate this product an A + + . High quality all around . The best purchase we have made yet !
 I really love my travel system . I love the carseat and think it is very comfortable and safe for my baby . I really love the stroller also . The back wheels lock for safety and you can also adjust the front wheels so they will not turn as much . It is very easy to collapse and carry along although it is somewhat large . Both the carseat and the stroller are very easy to operate .
 We first got the Eddie Bauer Mercer system . It was awful . We could n't believe how unsafe the car seat was ! We took it back and got this system . We love it ! It seems so safe , comfortable and stylish ! After reading all the other reviews , I am sure that our baby will love it too once she gets here !
 I love this travel system for many reason , to name a few ... * it can be used for either gender * your baby is comfortable due to the extra cushioning and adjustable slots to insert the cushioning -LRB- which by the way is removable -RRB- * the carrier clicks easily into the base , this is great especially when you baby is in the center . * it handles great , it turns great , the shocks work great , -LRB- think I used great enough ? -RRB- * last but not only ... it looks modern and dad looks good handling it , -LRB- no excuses dads -RRB- Now for the only reason I did n't 5 stars is because it is a little big and bulkly , prob lighter and smaller than half of the products on the market.Well good luck in whatever product you choose !
 I love this travel system . It is also very stylish . Some travel systems do not have a nice pattern but this one is fashionable for both boy or girl . The car seat is so easy to use in the base and also in the stroller . One click and its in ! I did find that the car seat does seem to be a little larger than others because it does n't quite fit in Walmart/grocery carts . I have to put it in front ways . The stroller is nice to use but it is rather large . The only downside of the stroller is that it does not fit in the trunk of my car -LRB- vw , jetta -RRB- . The basket is also big enough to carry the Eddie Bauer diaper bag . There is a compartment that you can put your keys or/and cell phone in and also a drink compartment . The stroller is easy to fold and its just a click away from putting the car seat in it . It took me a minute to figure out to fold the stroller all teh way down to put the car seat in . Chicco makes the best products and I love the matching high-chair ! The car seat has the head support for the infant which is definitely needed . My 10 week old snoozes in this .
 I first chose the Eddie Bauer travel system . It was so dangerous ! I like the way that the Chicco snaps easily into the stroller and car seat base . The base is nice and wide so that it will not tip over like the Eddie Bauer !
 I LOVE this travel system !! It is so easy to use ! As a first time mom , I 've been intimidated by all the baby products out there . This system is user friendly , and even the most mechanically challenged parents can figure this one out !
 This travel system is great . We brought the stroller and car seat to travel with us three times before my daughter turned to 1 year old . Although it 's a bit heavy to carry it , my daughter likes to sit or lay there to sleep . When my daughter was sick around 10 month - 11 month old , her nanny took the stroller inside the house , so my daughter would take her nap there . Sometimes , she even slept in it through the whole night , since she would not stay in her own bed at the time . It helped us to pass that difficult time .
 It has everything I have been looking for ! Stroller has 5pt harness , ratcheting canopy -LRB- that stays put unlike the ellipsa I had - that thing was a joke -RRB- , large basket -LRB- basket does not spring down but is still accessible when seat is reclined -RRB- , parent and child trays -LRB- parent tray has covered compartment and child tray has nice deep snack area w/cupholders -RRB- , one hand fold , stands when folded -LRB- yeah ! No dirty , scratched or torn parts -RRB- , linked rear brakes -LRB- so you only have to push one side and BOTH wheels lock -RRB- , wheel suspension with front wheel lock for rough terrain , seat lays completely flat and footrest comes up to enclose seat to make carriage , height adjustable handlebar -LRB- which goes high enough for my 6 ' 2 '' husband ! -RRB- , nice soft breathable material -LRB- it is still quite warm here in FL -RRB- , footrest , and has lightweight aluminum frame . The only thing I can say even remotely in a negative direction is it does take a bit of trying to get the one hand fold thing down . It folds by squeezing a button and at the same time lifting a handle - not real hard but can be a bit tricky at first . Aside from that in the few weeks we have had it in use I can say I do n't have anything to complain about . The car seat clips on easily , the canopy covers completely and the ride is smooth . It is soft , plush and very simple to use . The car seat has a good canopy , easy to use 5pt harness with front adjustment , easy to carry and move handle - no complaints from me ! The base has a great feature that allows you to secure the Latch system by pulling on a central belt in the center of it . SOOOO much easier than trying to pull on the LATCH belts themselves . The base does not budge when installed in my '05 Saturn Vue . The seat is simple to snap in from any angle . It goes right in every time . Never misses or gets stuck . Plus it has a liquid leveler on it just like on a `` real tool level '' that shows if it is at the right angle . Not some cheap ball or dial . We have only used it a few weeks but I have seen no problems yet . I do have to mention that while the travel system is considered lightweight it is not THE most lightweight you can get - so whoever is looking for the most lightweight/compact this is not it . It is a great travel system though and I do recommend it .
 I just purchased the Chicco Cortina Travel Sytem after I attempted to purchase a stroller bag cover for my Gracco Quattro Tour Stroller . After purchasing three stroller bags that did n't fit the Quattro I went back to Babies R Us to find a stoller that did . We travel often and I do not want to travel without the stroller protected . The Chicco Cortina Travel System not only fit in several bags it was everything I loved about the Gracco Quattro and more . The colors are timeless and unisex , it has more padding , the base is much smaller -LRB- easier to tote along during travel - fits in large suitcase and is much less of a hassle in the car -RRB- and has a storage compartment in its base , weighs five pounds less and folds up smaller . The material is also weather protected , the handle height is adjustable , has a five point harness , and the car seat has way more padding , adjustments , and the handle is much easier to click into positions . The only negatives we have found is that it 's a tad bit longer when folded and the storage basket does n't pull out -LRB- you have to raise the recline -RRB- . However , it also can stand when folded which is nice - less bending down . It costs about $ 80 more than the popular Gracco Quattro and the extra base costs more , but all the cool features and the fact that you can bag it more than make up for it 's higher price .
 I am greatly impressed with this system . In addition to be a first time -LRB- overprotective -RRB- father , I am also an experienced Quality Engineer and I looked at every unit with a detail technical eye to evaluate the safety , quality , usability , design , and manufacturing of all the models . I was impressed with the Cortina system . You can find below my analysis.Safety
 I love this stoller and would highly recommend it to anyone ! It 's well worth the money ! It 's light , compact , and is very sturdy ! We replaced an Evenflo stroller that was to bulky to handle and did n't feel sturdy at all ! The car seat is light , and I love all the extra padding ... much easier to use also ! The base is sooo easy to install ! I LOVE IT !!!
 This was the third stroller we bought and finally we found one that was perfect for us . We first got the over priced Pergo travel system as a shower gift . A friend of mine has the pergo and her baby already out grew it and he is only 4 months old . We took it back and got the Even Flow eclipsa I think it was called , the tray was broken and it is huge ! We bought a Nissan Maxima as our new family car and the car seat would n't even fit behind the driver seat . We took that one back and got the Cortina Travel System , it is much smaller , fits great in our car , easy to insert and take out , good material , good colors , sytlish . The stroller is very easy to open and put away , it is lightweight and smooth to push , you can even push it with one hand easily and have control . It is a little more expensive then most of the other travel systems but I think it is well worth it.My baby is now 10 weeks old and I still love the stroller and have no complaints to report . At almost 12 pounds he still has a long way to go before he out grows the carseat.I just have to add that I still ca n't believe someone gave the travel system a 2 star rating just because the carseat does n't fit in a shopping cart . The safety of your child should come before parent convienence !
 This is the best travel system out there ! As for the grocery cart situation , you are n't supposed to be putting ANY carriers in the top of carts due to it being unsafe ! -LRB- whether it clicks in or not -RRB- This stroller is lightweight , has adjustable handles and great storage room under the stroller . The carrier base has levels built in so that you can properly install it into your car ! It also has a compartment in the middle that can store things that you may need quickly , and also keep the owners manual safe.This stroller is SO easy to fold up , with just one hand and foot ! I can hold my son in the other hand while I do it-if needed ! That was a big selling point on my part-besides the adjustable handles.I love how you can put the leg rest all the way up , and recline the back all the way down to make this stroller like a carriage so that my baby can go on a `` stroll '' around the neighborhood comfy in just the stroller part , instead of having to be in the carrier . And he can easily fall asleep and I feel safe leaving him in it to finish his nap in the house , when we get back.You definitely MUST at least check this travel system out before deciding on one for yourself . You wo n't be sorry !
 I bought the 3 wheel jeep stroller , if my son leaned over to one side of the stroller , the stroller fell over . Needless to say I returned it . I was in the market for a new stroller.My son is 2 years and 2 mths old . He is near 40 pds and 3 feet tall . I needed a stroller that could hold up to 50 pds . I also wanted a black / silver stroller -LRB- something stylish and unisex for the next baby -RRB- . I shopped at all the stores and I ran upon this stroller at babies r us . I loved it . It was the only stroller that holds up to 50 pds . I had to have it . I loved how high the handle can adjust for my tall husband . I loved the room & fabric . HOWEVER at babies r us , I did n't like the color all the much , so I decided to look online and to see if it came in any other colors . IF I did n't find it in a different color I would have bought this one anyways ; HOWEVER , you can buy this stroller in 2 different colors at www.babyuniverse.com . They have black/silver/gray with an orange pin stripe OR black/silver/grey with a red pin stripe . I choose the orange stripe and I love it ! The shipping was only 5.95 , no tax and I was able to buy the stroller NOT the travel system . I do n't need the travel system yet , so I just wanted the stroller and I was able to find it ! I 'm so happy!Things I love : Fabric , Ease of use , lightweight , color , holds up to 50 pds , the height on the handle , the way it folds , it stand on it 's own when folded.There is only 1 problem I have , and that is you can jingle the handle a little when in place , but I 'm not at all sorry that I bought it.I love this stroller and you must buy it , OR at least go check it out before buying another stroller . You can check it out a babies r us .
 I got tons of advice about what Not to get in a travel system . This one met all my major criteria . After 4 + months using it , it EXCEEDS all of my expectations . It snaps into the base so easily -LRB- I have a two door car ! -RRB- . The stroller is easy to fold and lightweight . The wheels steer perfectly on city streets and playgrounds . I would recommend this to ANYBODY !!!
 After spending 2 hours trying out the different travel systems in the store , we settled on this one and we are so thrilled because it works like a charm . We decided on this one based on the overall feel of the quality . By this I mean that everything snaps and locks securely into place every time . The baby loves the seat and he has fit securely in it since the day he came home from the hospital . The base was easy to install in the car and we do n't have the LATCH system . I use the stroller on a daily basis and it is a breeze to fold up and stick in the trunk . Overall , the more affordable priced travel systems may have worked just as well , but I 'm not even interested in trying since I love this one so much !
 Well I searched alot for the best , and I bought the Peg-Perego but it was the worst ! I had to exchange it three times . So finally I saw the reviews on the Chicco Cortina , and decided to go with it . Well all the reviews were right on , this is the best system . It is easy to use , and very nice . I dropped some juice on it and it cleaned right up ! How NICE ... . And EASE ! wow , the stroller really can be closed with one hand . The infant seat is very lightweight , and the stroller with the adjustable handle ... I just cant say enough , I just wish I had purchased this one first and never had to experience the other one.The Chicco Cortina is hands down the best system out there .
 we bought this stroller for our daughter Juliana who was born on December 22 , 2005 and i can not say anything bad about this beautiful stroller it is very easy to fold and unfold and the car base is very easy to install i did it in seconds the basket has a nice size and we all love it we also get compliments on it to even our older daughter Daniela wants to get on the stroller we strongly recommend it to everyone
 There is nothing better to say about this system it is the best and we love it ... The price is worth it I would pay it a million times ...
 Came sooner than expected . Put on side porch as instructed . Wish I could have used my $ 30 coupon I received when signing up for credit card .
 I agree with the above poster about safety reviews . I could n't find anything online about this stroller or carseat . Although quality wise I think it is slightly better than Graco Quattro Tour , style wise it is not . Who designs these things ?? The orange in the design has to go ! Decided to go Graco Quattro Tour for safety ratings and coloring . Not a bad choice for the price though .
 Great for kids who can not tilt a traditional sippy cup . My 10 month old took to it immediately . Just a word to those who are having trouble putting the cup together . It takes practice but works . The straw is in three pieces . You must insert the soft part of the straw into the lid before connecting the other two plastic straw attachments . The only problem is that some liquid can stay in the straw and my daughter has learned to flick it .
 My daughter is 13 months and totally off the bottle thanks to this cup . I tried so many and this by far was her favorite . The built in straw allows her to drink from the cup with out having to turn the cup up - so easy . It is hard to find in the stores , I 've only seen them in Babies R Us and they usually are down to none ... I guess other moms like them as well . I do have to say that I took apart the straw to clean it and it was difficult to put it back properly . I ended having to throw it out becuase I never got it back exactly right - so I just clean it assembled now .
 I have literally tried all sippy cups out there . These ones are the best . I do n't know why some reviewers say they leak . I have 6 of these and not one has a problem . Maybe the rubber straw is not put in properly . If you pull it out , you have to push it back in until it `` locks '' . Also , if you do remove the handles from the cup , it 's not hard to put it back together at all !!! I do it all the time when I wash them.My son throws them across the room as hard as he can -LRB- he 's 18 months old -RRB- and not one came apart or broke . They 're extremely sturdy.They 're absolutely the best cups out there . I also purchased the larger type , without the handles and those are also awesome .
 We 've tried several other cups -- avent , gerber , nuk and a few others and this one works best for us , mainly because of the straw . The handles line up properly with the spout when the lid is on tight . It only leaks when the flow restricter is not inserted all the way .
 I 've tried 4 different straw sippy cups , and this is the only one that has worked . It is difficult to reassemble properly . It has five pieces , the cup , the lid , the straw sticking out of the lid , and two parts of the straw sticking out of the bottom . If you take out the straw sticking out of the lid , it is difficult -LRB- but not impossible -RRB- to put it back together , so I now just wash it without taking the lid/top part of straw apart . All the other parts just go in the dishwasher , just buy one of those dishwasher baskets that holds straws on the side . One of my cups started leaking after about a month of heavy use , but the other ones are holding out okay . They are easy for my son to grab and easy for him to drink from .
 This is a great cup - my baby would NOT go to sippy cups from bottle no matter how hard I tried - even at 20 months ! I tried every style of sippy cup imaginable . When I saw this one , I bought it and though `` we 'll see ... '' Well , she LOVED it and was off the bottle in a few days . She really likes the soft straw instead of those flow things she has to kind of bite on . The only drawback is
 My twins were hip to using straws at around 7-months , but they never really got the hang of the sippy cup . They just could n't seem to tilt it enough on a regular basis to benefit . So when I found these sippy-cups with straws I jumped . They are awesome . The kids love them , they are durable and easy to clean . If left on their side they will leak a bit and create a puddle , but that 's it . I highly recommend this as a transition cup !
 My son has CP and has a hard time holding onto a sippy cup . He 's two so he 's outgrown the soft-spout cups but he can drink from a straw . Actually , he prefers to drink from a straw since it 's difficult for him to lift , tilt and hold onto a sippy cup . We have this cup in every color . It 's the only one that works for us . We have even purchased replacement straw kits -LRB- found on ebay -RRB- for when the straw gets old . So far , they are holding up well . I put them in the dishwasher and they get dropped and they are still in good shape . The only thing I would recommend being careful with is the straw extension . They are easy to lose and the cup wo n't work without it . So make sure you wash that part by hand and let it dry in a special area where it wo n't get lost .
 My son would not drink from his bottle . He has been totally g-tube fed for the past 7 months . We have tried practically every bottle and sippy cup ever made . I introduced this cup two weeks ago -LRB- with the valve cut out of it to make sucking easier -RRB- , and he is now up to 7 ounces of milk a day from this cup !!!!! I would n't care how much it leaks -LRB- which it does a bit -RRB- , it is the best cup ever ! :-RRB- I think the fat straw helped him a lot , as well as the straw being so soft and flexible .
 My son -LRB- and maybe this is my fault -RRB- never really lifted his bottle . I found the Podee upright bottle that needs no lifting in order to get milk/formula in Toys R Us . From that this was the easies transition ever . He never took to a sippy cup but this straw cup was awesome . It does have slight leakage from time to time but who cares - it was worth it ! and hey sometimes ya just ca n't have it all !
 It is almost impossible to find another straw cup with handles . My son was great at drinking from a straw early but definitely needed the handles to hold the cup for awhile . I also like that the cup is short .
 We love this cup ! It 's one of the few cups that my son with cerebral palsy can use by himself -LRB- given the handles and straw -RRB- . It leaks much less than other cups of this nature and really fosters his independence .
 Of all the cups we have , this is the best . Because of the straw , I do n't have to worry about tongue thrusting like other cups . It 's easy to assemble and clean and has held up . I am buying another and throwing away my other no-leak cups .
 My son got this cup when he was 13 months old . He throws everything off his highchair , and when he throws this cup down , the handles come off the cup . The cup is durable , and has n't cracked yet , but when I removed the straw to clean it , I could n't put it back in all the way so it leaks when he throws the cup now . We still use the cup though , but the Munchkin straw cup handles the blows to the floor much better .
 The cups are very good and I bought them online because it 's difficult to find them in stores . Out of all choices I had a 1/4 chance of getting VERY girly colors and I did . I received a pink and purple one for my boy . Perhaps it would make sense to actually have an option for customers to choose their own colors ? I do n't see how it would make the seller 's life more difficult , but it would certainly make a customer 's life less difficult :--RRB- Unfortunately I will not order other `` colors may vary '' merchandise on Amazon until then .
 I have been trying to find the right sippy cup for 6 months and just stumbled upon one of these on clearance at walmart . I thought I would give it a shot and lo and behold , it is phenomenal ! My little man loves it and it is the only sippy cup he has ever used ! I have a cabinet full of every different shape , size , and kind of sippies that just sit there because he refuses them ! I 've searched everywhere in stores and could n't find anymore so I am thrilled to find them on amazon ! These cups are great because they are relatively easy to clean , they do n't leak or spill , and I absolutely love that they are insulated . The only downsides are that I 'm not crazy about some of the designs or prints and they do have a tendency to splash some liquid on you when you flip them open but overall I am very pleased with this product and intend to purchase several .
 What I like about this cup are , - Flip straw . It 's easy for my son , who 's had this since one year old , to open and close by himself - The straw does reach almost the bottom of the cup . So my son can finish almost the milk/water in the bottle . There are other straw cups we have that do n't have straws long enough and he always leaves milk/water in the cup . - It 's insulated . My son like milk warm and drink cold water . So this cups is perfect for both . - The instruction says do not use dish washer , but we put them on the top rack anyway , and no damage . - You can actually see through the bottle and see how much liquid is left in the bottle . With most of the other insulated bottles , you can not tell.I did n't give it a 5-star , because you can not chose the colors . It 's not a major drawback , but it would have been better if you could as they do come in different colors/patterns for girls and boys .
 We have tried all sorts of no spill cups for our twin toddlers and these are the ONLY cups that we have tried that actually do NOT spill ! Our son broke his last one by throwing it too much -LRB- or it possibly got washed in a dishwasher that was too hot -RRB- so we had to get the same cups because we ca n't rely on any other so-called No Spill cups . Thanks for providing these cups for us !
 He loves drinking water out of this straw cup . Great design and easy to clean . I highly recommend it for 1 thru 3 year olds .
 Exactly the toddler cup I was looking for ! Came in a timely manner . Not getting 5 stars because I can not pick colors . Recieved 2 pink cups when I would have appreciated anything but since all I have is nephews . Will use them for a baby shower in a couple months - so its not a total wash out , but still annoying . Now I 'm leary to buy anymore because I really do not need 2 more pink cups
 I have a 14 month old girl these are great sippy cups !! they do NOT leak ! I have tried lots of different cups -LRB- every brand out there have over 14 different cups -RRB- . These are also the first ones I have tried with a straw my daughter took them right away with no problems .
 My little girl throws her cup everywhere and it has held up well . Still seals tight and the flip straw is n't mangled after the open/shut/open / shut of a curious toddler .
 I really love these sippy cups . They are easy for my son to use and easy for me to take apart and clean . I have tried others and the straw always falls out . With this sippy cup I do not have to worry about the straw not staying in . I love these .
 These are great cups despite what the other reviewers have stated . We use it for water only , and she has a separate straw cup -LRB- Playtex -RRB- for her milk . These are very leak-proof and easy to clean . Took her only a couple times before she got the hang of using this cup . The straw size is big , so a lot of water comes through , but she 's able to control it now that she 's older . Definitely can not live without these .
 I love this cup because the straw nearly reaches the bottom so my baby can use it without lifting the cup up -LRB- for some reason she never did get the hang of lifting the cup up -RRB- . Then at night , she can drink from a regular sippy cup laying down if she needs to.Rinse the parts out immediately after using , do n't boil them , and if possible buy the sippy cup cleaning brush that Amazon sells . Also buy the replacecment tops -LRB- worth every penny ! -RRB- for those days when you just ca n't seem to find all the peices to put one complete cup together and head out the door . : -RRB-
 I was pretty determined that my son would skip the sippy cup and go straight to the straw and it was these cups that allowed for the transition ! Other no-spill cups with straws have valves inside the straw that reduce the flow of liquid , which I found difficult for me to drink against , nevermind my 1 year old . He would get frustrated with these straws because he could n't get anything out of them!These straws do not have the valve , but another plastic piece that reduces the liquid 's flow . Plus , there are cute designs for both boys and girls !
 I bought two baby gyms for my son when he was about 6 weeks old . One for home and one for grandmas house . Of the two he definitly preferred this one to start with . The other gym is the type with the bars that cross over that are flexible . I think he liked the music and lights and the rotating planet on this one . Babies that age have short attention spans but this would keep his interest for longer than anything else . The play mat is pretty flimsy but the toy itself is fun and at 4 months my son is still enjoying it .
 I used this toy with both of my sons . It was their favorite toy the first four months . My eldest son learned hand cordination and how to roll over under this gym . I did give it a four because the mat is worthless , a blanket under it was better . The mat is scratchy and thin ... a better wall hanging than a floor mat . The item also uses the batteries very quickly if you have it one all the time . It only uses 2 AA batteries . However , since my collicy first born 's only quiet time was this toy , and my youngest falls asleep with it ... it 's worth it .
 I have a 3 month old son and he 's had this since he was almost a month old and he loves to punch and smack at the star and planet . He does n't like the song it plays but rather enjoys the clinking of the links that hold the toys and the blocks on the side bar when they clack together .
 The reason why I like this toy is because it fits right into the crib . My daughter cries everytime I lay her down in the crib and try to put her to sleep . So I put this toy into the crib and use it to hang her favorite toy which is the octopus . She would play with her octopus and falls a sleep .
 I purchased this for my son when he was one month old . We put it above his changing pad on the floor so he would be entertained during diaper changings . He learned right away to reach up and hit the toys , and I believe it has helped develop hand-eye coordination . Now at five months , he loves to grab and pull the dangling toys , and he spins and chews on the toys on the side bars . This toy entertains him for up to 15 minutes -LRB- a long time for a baby his age ! -RRB- . However , here are my complaints
 ... i have learned to love it , because my daughter loves it so much ! the music always captures and holds her attention , and when i call grandmom 's house to check on her , i 'm always told about how much fun she 's having with `` starman '' , one of the soft hanging toys . she also likes to stare at the included blanket mat draped over the side of the couch . my only complaint ? it 's loud . really loud . i wish i could turn it down . instead , we 've wrapped a receiving blanket over the speaker to muffle it a little .
 my baby njoys this toy and dont cry when we keep him out of Lap . Tries to make hand and leg movements to catch and kick the hanging toys .
 I bought this for my little girl and she has a blast with it . My only problem , its cheaper at walmart !
 I bought this toy for my 4mth old -LRB- at the time -RRB- . I thought it was really cute , and I was really impressed that it also came with a mate . My son really like this toy . I would lay him on the floor under the toy and he would play w / the hanging toys and watch the moving ball , then he would turn to his side and play w / the toys at the bottom . I overall thought it was a pretty nice item . But I was very disappointed with the very thin mat that comes w / it . When you look at the item on the box , and see that it comes w / a mat it sounds great . But when you actually have the mat in you hand it feels like a scarf ! So when I lay my son down I had to put a blanket down first to give the mat some padding .
 We received this toy as a gift for our daughter who was 3 mos . old at the time and is now 7 mos . She 's loves it and still enjoys it ... and I rarely put the music on . I used the thin mat a few times but I usually put a towel or blanket down for her . Now she can sit up and pull at the toys . I even hang different toys on there . As far as educational ? Well , she is mezmorized by it and loves to reach and play with it . She rolls to play with the shapes on the side bars , too . I would recommend buying it even if it 's not received as a gift .
 I received this before my son was born and have used it from the begining . This has actually kept him entertained for hours ! He even likes it without the music and flashing lights . I 've hung different toys from it for variety . I only gave it 4 stars because the mat it comes with is useless ... very rough and scratchy . I wont use it . And , as with many baby toys , I wish this came with a volume control .
 I bought this item for my 10 week old daughter . She loves it . She plays with it for hours . She even likes it when its not turned on . I took it over to my mothers house one day for my daughter to play with there and my one year old niece was there and she even liked it . My only complaint it that it is a battery hog , make sure you have plenty of batteries on hand . It is well worth the batteries to see my daughter have fun with it .
 My son loves listening to the music and reaching for the toys . He likes it when we turn the lights out and turn this on . It lights up as the music plays . It definately keeps him entertained . I 'm glad I decided on this one as opposed to a more pricey gym . It seems to do the job .
 My child is 4 months old . He was getting frustrated by his Fisher Price Kick and Play bouncer and Classic Chorus Singing Stars Gym . He would try to reach and grab the toys but the toys are positioned so that he ca n't reach them . Also the shapes made it difficult for him to grab . I first saw this toy at my child 's day care . He was placed under it and to my amazement he instantly began reaching and grabbing for the toys . It is high enough so the bar is away from him and the toys are not resting on his body . The mat is useless but the gym itself is great for the price . I also purchased linking rings and added them to the dangling toys so he had more things to grab which fit perfectly in his little hands . The music is a bit loud but if it annoys you , you could always wrap a cloth around the area to muffle the sound . This is really a worthwhile investment to encourage your exploring infant .
 My son who is now 3mths old fell in love with this toy , which I purchased because it was slightly cheaper than a lot of the other playmats . However , the actual mat is basically useless & I had to purchase a travel mat to place under the toy which cost me $ 14 so its probably better just the spend the extra money on a nicer gym . In addition , it wears out its batteries very quickly & if the batteries are low the ball in the middle will not rotate therefore the music will not play which is kinda bad because my baby loves the music & lights on this toy . I will say that my son loves this silly toy & out of everything else that I have purchased this is easily one of his very favorites . He laughs , kicks , reaches & can even move the toys above at 17 weeks .
 My babysitter got this for her son when he was little . When my son was born and he started going to her house during the day , she would bring it out and he would be occupied for a while .
 My daughter loved this gym from the time she was born until she was 7 months old . She would lay there and play with the toys for up to an hour . It was a lifesaver .
 My son loved it from day one , we were a little apprehensive at first as to the quality of this toy due to the low price as opposed to some of the other play gyms we had seen out there , it turned out to be a good move , our son has enjoyed the music , the lights and the toys and we occasionally put other toys on there for him , the only complaint i would have is the mat was too thin , so we didnt use it for its intended purpose , instead it makes a nice wall hanging , in our sons nursery .
 I am a new mommy and have loved this toy from the very beginning . My son is just 6 weeks old and loves looking at the blinking lights and the hanging toys . In fact , I watch his eyes move from object to object ; he even breaks into a smile quite often while looking at the blinking lights . Additionally , we use it when changing his diapers or clothes - by placing the Galaxy Gym above him , he is intrigued by the toy and does n't mind having his diaper or his clothing changed . A wonderful toy - worth every penny !
 This was given to me as a gift and it 's a great item . I like how it comes with just about everything your newborn will need . Even toys -LRB- the keys -RRB- and hangers . The clothing material is good but could be better . But I like that the outfits all have matching accessories . Bibs , blankets , hats , booties , burb towels.Definitely a great gift idea !
 This is a great set for first-time parents ! Shopping for baby stuff for the first time can be so overwhelming -LRB- it 's much harder than registering for your wedding -RRB- , and this set gets you started with all the basics . This would make a great shower gift -LRB- I bought it for myself since I was at home on bedrest for the later part of my pregnancy and could n't go out to shop -RRB- . The only reason I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because the quality of the clothing/blankets/towels in the kit were not as good as the stuff you usually get from Carters when you buy it piece-by-piece/off the rack -LRB- the material is lighter and thinner -RRB- . Nevertheless , I was very satisfied with the assortment of products .
 I have not presented the gift to my daughter yet . But I am so impressed with all that is included in the set for the price I paid . Very good deal .
 I purchased this for a baby shower . The new Mom loved it ! It has 24 great essentials packed into a small box . A perfect start for the new baby .
 This is a good product . A couple of my friends have it for their daughters . To my surprise I saw that the seller is selling this product for so much money !!!! Do n't buy it here . Your best bet is to buy it at Walmart or a similar store at the price it should be $ 19.99 Sorry . Had to state my point here . Someone is trying to make a lot of money out of an item that originally costs $ 20 .
 My little girl likes Princess and she needed a bed rail . What more is there to say ? I like the way it secures with the hooks .
 COULDA SAVED ME 12 $ TO JSUT GO TO THE STORE AND PURCHASE IT MYSELF , BT THATS THE ADVANTAGE OF ONLINE SHOPPING ! IT IS SOO CUTE AND MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT . VERY EASY TO INSTALL AS WELL . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WITH A LITTLE GIRL .
 If you are hunting for the ideal Diaper bag backpack then look no further ! This bag rocks there is so much storage and organization for the busy parent ! On top of all the storage after packing it up from unloading my other diaper bags I was concerned about my back . This thing actually protects your back it felt like almost nothing on my shoulders and back . We have multiple small children so I have to carry alot of stuff esp for outings so believe me when I say I packed this thing to the max . I have spent hundreds of dollars looking for the perfect backpack and wished that I had found this one first and not wasted all that money .
 This bag is amazing , I have two kids and I love it ! There is plenty of room for everything , and i love how theres compartments for everything so it 's nice and organized and you do n't have to search around trying to find what you need :-RRB- If you have more than one child its a must ! The back support cushions on the back pack is great to its not uncomfotable !!
 Overall this product is good as a `` diaper and baby needs '' bag BUT beware how much it protrudes from your back - over 10 '' when full!The standard photo is angled in such a way that this is not obvious . My wife stopped using this bag because in elevators , crowds and many other situations , she was constantly bumping people.On the upside , it seems to provide good back support , good storage and the quality is also good . With Baby in front , bag behind also provides good balance . Though we never used it when travelling , I think it would be very suitable for that as its shape seems conducive to fitting aircraft luggage bins AND its construction , zips and clips means things would n't easily fall out.Summary
 This natural body cream -LRB- butter -RRB- is creamy , not too heavy and moisturized my legs and the rest of me all day . It soaked in quickly unlike a lot of other products that refer to themselves as body butters . It smells of citrus and light floral and makes me feel so girly . I ca n't wait to try more products from this company !
 This product was easy to assemble and works great as a saftey rail on my son 's twin bed . The feature for tucking it out of the way is kind of a pain but not impossible .
 Grandson moving in to big bed and will be used to keep him safe from rolling off the bed . He just got the big bed yesterday , so we 'll see how long it takes him to figure it out .
 We moved my three year old son into a twin bed and almost every night he woke us up crying , he had rolled out of the bed while he was sleeping . We bought this on Amazon for $ 29.50 , I opted for next day delivery since it was coming up on the weekend -LRB- an additonal $ 3.99 for Prime -RRB- , and we had it the very next day . I would rate putting it together a 4 out of 5 as far as easiness goes . When you go to attach the very last bar , the one that runs along the bottom , that was the only problem I had . It took me a few minutes , a lot of elbow grease and a pinched thumb to finally snap it into place . Installing it onto the bed was a breeze . We leave it up all the time , he has a platform bed so it would be tricky to for us to fold up and down , however if you have a normal mattress and boxspring , it is very easy to fold up and tuck under the mattress . Very pleased , we have 3 kids , this one is our youngest and this is the first railing we have had to buy . Glad we decided on this one and glad we 're not waking up to crying anymore !
 I got a twin bed for my 2yr old and ordered this rail to go with it . It is very stable and sturdy . It took me a little bit to get it together just because the pictures on the instructions were n't very clear . Yes , I can read . But the pictures are a big help ...
 I really like this for my grandson - was pretty easy to put together - its good for kids who are prone to falling out of bed but too big to sleep in a crib - It seems safe to me also .
 I bought this product about three months ago . This is the only bedrail that I could find that goes under the mattress . I really wanted a bedrail that would be easy for me to store . It took a little bit for me to set up but once I read the instructions it became much easier . This bedrail has already come in handy when my family came over for the weekend it was easy to store under the mattress so my brother could use the bed . It has also been much easier to make the bed and wash the sheets . Bottom line it has been very convenient . The bedrail has held up very well over the last three months . It may take a couple time of practicing storing the bedrail before it comes easy . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 The bed rail serves it purpose . We have a 6 month old that likes to sleep with us . She likes playing the rail , but it serves it purpose because we were concerned she would roll off the bed . It slides under between the mattress and the box spring . The only concern is that if you open and close the bed rail , you get the feeling that the spring loaded latch may break.Otherwise I would recommend .
 Everything seemed fine until the last step in putting the product together ... we just could n't get the piece to fit . Needless to say , we returned the product the day after we received it . The return was simple and my money was returned .
 Arrived in order . The design is great and works well . It takes some time to put it together but that was not a problem . So far so good !
 The bed rail works well . It was easy to install and easy to remove . Sliding the side under the mattress is not as easy as they make it sound though and I have stopped using it ; maybe that only works well if the bed has a box spring at the bottom and not an actual frame insert with slates . Nonetheless , it does its job and keeps my child from falling out of bed .
 The Regalo bed rail does n't seem to be the most sturdy feeling thing but it has served it 's purpose . It keeps locked in place and keeps my little one from falling out of the bed . It 's easy to put up and down as well .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com . My kid is excited about it . The only con I have is that I wish this came pre-assembled . Trying to put this together with two kids vying for my attention was not so pleasant for me . The instructions are kind of vague and at one point I put it together backwards . But it works and is serving its purpose .
 This rail worked well for a while . . but my 3 year old daughter broke it since where 2 metal rods meet at top is pretty weak . I guess there would be no way to make it stronger , but I was just frustrated that it completely broke after a few months . Also seems like it took a really long time to put together . But it did work well while it was up !
 This is a great bed rail . We just moved our 3 yr old into her bed about a month ago and so far so good . This rail is long enough to cover most of her bed and is very sturdy . No issues for my husband in putting it together either . Overall very pleased !
 I read the reviews before purchasing this item and have to say that it was NOT difficult nor time consuming to assemble . The instructions were somewhat vague but the parts were pretty self explanatory . My son loves it . I would definetly reccommend this product !!
 This item is exactly what i was lookin for ... its long enough for baby just as shown on pict , very easy to assemble . I recommend it 100 %
 I purchased this for a queen bed and it fits perfectly . Was n't too bad to put together . Netting is good quality covers a good portion of the side . Very supportive being used tohold a 4 year old from rolling out of bed . Would recommend it
 this is a great product . Also it is very cost friendly when compared to the 2 foot 30 dollar one they sell at wal mart
 Great rail . We are currently using it on an Ikea bed where the frame comes up around the mattress . The rail is really wedged in there and once the mattress -LRB- which weighs a ton -RRB- sits on it , this rail is not moving . So , we 're not really able to use the drop side feature but it works great the way we have it . Very sturdy . Thinking about getting another for the other side . Definitely long enough for a Queen or King size bed . Reasonably priced !
 This is a god-send . Our 2 year old toddler just advanced from her crib to her new adult bed , and we were worried that she would get out of bed and go downstairs in the morning . However , since we purchased this , she has stayed in bed all morning -LRB- sometimes singing songs and playing games for up to an hour or two until it 's time for her to get up and get ready for the day.Construction is what yielded the 4 stars . It is pretty well made , and I was able to assemble it with only a minimum of straining . However , about a month or two after I installed it , the main section has begun to rattle a bit . Not too much to worry about , but still a bit annoying when it should remain perfectly still . It is sturdy enough that I can lean on it to kiss my daughter good night.It folds down to slide under the bed with some ease , but you wont be doing this too often as the weight of the mattress is often enough to slow down that movement . We dont have a box spring -LRB- just a metal frame -RRB- so we never slide it under the mattress , but someone with a box spring probably would have a slightly easier time . There are hooks to catch the other side of the bed so it stays upright and does not collapse at all unless you want it to by pulling the tabs on either end . The only negative is that once you 've tightened the ropes , there is alot of extra rope material that has nowhere to go.My only concern is that it is a bit low . It 's about a foot and a half tall , coming up to just below her waist , and she stands on the bed with her hands on it and jumps up and down . If she jumps too much , she could fall forward and towards the ground , and I 'm worried about her breaking her neck . If it were say above her waist and she could not jump over it , then my concerns would be alleviated .
 I bought this for my grandson , when he sleeps over and it serves its purpose . In all fairness it is not used much but thats why I like the feature that you can hide it easily under the bed . It has easily fitted both a queen and twin and been moved , but its somewhat hard to slide the clamps under a larger mattress . Minutes to assemble . I like the fact that you can slide it down and hide it under the mattress . Extra long for those kids that roll around in bed . The only negative is that its somewhat `` wobbley '' and not as sturdy as I had thought . Also the metal fold down elbows protrude from the mattress . I cover them with a down comforter for safety purposes . For $ 28.00 it does the job .
 THe bed rail is sexactly what was needed for my grandson 's move from the crib . IT fits great on hi bed and even when he rolls into it while asleep holds in place . I would recommend this for anyone moving a child from the crib to a twin size bed .
 After reading all the reviews I decided to order this and I 'm happy with the purchase . I wished I had ordered two of them . We purchased this for my son 's Legare Frog Twin Bed which due to the nature of the head and foot board , the bed can not be pushed up against a wall -LRB- I did n't really think about that prior to purchasing the bed OR just one rail -RRB- . Anyways , after getting the rail I was a little worried that it would n't work on a bed without a box spring . My 2 year olds bed has just the frame and a mattress but due to the long `` arms '' of the rail that go underneath the mattress I was still able to use it . The frame of the bed keeps the rail secure and tight against the mattress . There are no gaps and I can even lean my 103 pound body against it while napping on the bed with my son and feel completely safe . This product is well made . Instructions were a little confusing at first but just following the numbers in sequence and you 'll be fine . I do n't plan on `` hiding it away '' so the fact that I do n't have it set-up exactly as it should does n't matter to me . A second one is on its way !
 Unfortunately , my son has gotten into the habit of sleeping with mommy . This bedrail is superior in quality . It was very simple to put together and get it fixed to the bed . It easily rolls down and slides under the mattress to hide it . I highly recommend this product for those that have little ones sleeping in the bed or for their big beds . It is not reccommended for toddler beds .
 I just got finished assembling and installing this bed rail on my almost 3 year-old 's full size bed . I did it by myself in about 45 minutes . I was initially going to wait for my husband , but figured I would give it a try , and it is not as hard as it looks at first . I even did it with my son sitting on the bed messing with the tubes and `` helping '' me . So pretty much anyone can do this :-RRB- It seems to fit very securely against the bed and it is relatively easy to use the hideaway feature ... once you get the hang of the locking pins . So far it looks like it is a good sturdy rail .
 In temporary housing while we build a house and do not currently have a crib for my toddler grandson . Have used this successfully on a queen size bed and he sleeps safely and comfortably . Easy to install , very lightweight .
 Instruction sheet a little complicated . Once put together , rail fits nicely under the mattress and hides away until use . When the bed is made up you ca n't see it . Folds out easily for use . It is nice and sturdy and keeps our grandkids safe in their beds when they spend the night . Love it . We actually bought two .
 Our Grandson has a queen bed this fits really nice . Our grandson just started to sleep in a big bed and the rail lets him see through itso he throught that was neet .
 Me and my husband installed this bed rail a month ago to a queen sized bed . I use it sometimes when I sleep with my son who is 13 months old . It is really good quality for the low price . It has no chemical odor and the cover can be washed easily . It was easy to install . My only complaint is that it wiggles a little . I wish it was more tight ; however I ca n't compare it with other bed rails , since this is my first one . I would recommend this to anyone for transitioning toddler from crib to regular bed , or for occasional co-sleeping with younger children .
 I like the fact you can hide the rail away , exactly what I wanted . I would highly recommend this item .
 I have no complaints . Any issues I had putting it together were my own fault . The instructions are written fine - I just start to think I know it all from assembling 092304983 products since having children and get a little arrogant . = DI can not use the `` hide away '' option as designed because my son 's bed is just a mattress on a platform with a lip around it to hold the mattress in place . I have to lift the mattress up in order to use that -LRB- which I will do -RRB- . But it DOES work with that kind of bed.My only wish is a better design for the release pins . One handed release would be VERY helpful . As well as pins that could not be backed completely out of their tunnel .
 I bought this for our daughter 's first big girl bed . I put it together pretty easily and did n't have any problem with attaching it to the bed . It has saved our daughter from falling in the middle of the night out of her day bed . The only problem I have with it is the storage aspect of it . Since the day bed has a set of springs underneath it and not another mattress you ca n't store it easily because it catches on the springs . I 'm sure for a full size bed with two mattresses that would n't be a problem though.It is a nice rail and I would recommend it anyone looking to save their children from a fall .
 We have n't had any problems with the rail -LRB- s -RRB- so far -LRB- over the last 3-4 months -RRB- . They arrived and work as advertised . Fairly long ... works well on our son 's queen size bed . The rails have saved him from ending up in the floor on several occasions . We are happy with the rails , however , we are careful not to lean on them or be too ruff with them .
 These rails are nice and sturdy and function very smoothly ... no more of my little one falling out of her ` big girl bed ' !
 The bed rail works great for my 20-month old daughter . It is nice to have the extra length since she still moves around a lot when she sleeps . The rail was relatively easy to put together and feels very sturdy once it is in place .
 My 4 year old son fell out of his bed , hit his head and needed stitches one night . I never dreamt that could happen ! He had fallen out of bed before , but never had any injuries from it . So I purchased this bed rail and love it ! It was very easy to assemble and to attach to the bed . For the most part I leave it up , but it is nice that it can fold down and out of the way for making the bed . My son has n't been able to fall out of bed and I can sleep easy knowing that he ca n't get hurt .
 Pretty easy to put together following the instructions . After three nights of use I had problems with getting the hide away feature to work -- it would n't slide . I could see one of the brackets was bent and I called the company . They sent two replacement parts to me and it has worked fine since . If I get another rail I would by the shorter version because it is hard for me to reach both sides of the rail to use the hide away feature . My 3 year old son had a tantrum before bed and grabbed the rail and shook it as hard as he could and it did n't move . Overall good product and does what it is suppose to do !
 The rail was nice but one of the locking pins was damaged . We bent it back in place and it works now . I did n't want to go through the hassle of exchanging it .
 The fence is great in that it is solidly built and holds the kids well . Even when pushed the hook did not release . It would have been a 5 if not for all the stickers labeling the parts . They are the worst to remove and require goo-be-gone . Placing the fence under the bed is not that easy -LRB- not hard either -RRB- but I do not it anyways so not a bid deal for me . You end up removing the fence anyways as you need to lift the mattress . Putting back in place is easiest with 2 but not hard with one . Overall it does an excellent job of holding the kid back from falling and for the price it is a good product .
 This product does exactly as expected , but there are a few issues . One issue is that it is a little tricky to install , although not really that bad . Once in place , it does exactly as expected and gives us peace of mind that or son will not fall off the bed while sleeping . On the other hand , a big concern is that , as many children do , our son loves to walk and jump around on the bed . When the child is doing that , they could easily fall over this device , causing them to fall from a much higher height then if they just fell off the bed itself . This is a concern that I had not thought of , and while it has not happened to us yet , I can imagine that it must have happened to other children , and it is something that concerns us and is something that you might want to think about .
 I bought this to go on a bed for my grandson . He is 8 but still tends to roll about a lot in his sleep . The bed we have for him is a deep nice twin mattress which sits high upon the drawer set and storage base . This worked fine for that bed outfit . It fits real tight on the side and length is good too . I think it would hold back his 70lbs if he rolls into it at night . Putting it together was n't happening to quick for grandpa but the grandson got the puzzle of it right of the bat and assisted . It folds down and placement works good for under the mattress storage but it does take some thought to get it placed well considering the metal type arms to it . Overall , perfect for an older child or adult even I think . Good price . Wish they sold it in colors .
 Grandson -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- year old was visiting for a few weeks . The rail was perfect for this situation and would be good as a permanent installation for parents of toddlers . It is sturdy , `` fairly '' easy to install -LRB- no tools needed , but instructions are not completely intuitive -RRB- , and hides away under the mattress when not in use . Very reasonable price through Amazon . I would recommend it .
 My granddaughter is a wiggler when she sleeps and this extra long bed rail keeps her from falling off of the bed . I had tried others and she always managed to wiggle to the end of the bed . Because this rail is longer than others , she stays put . It 's also very safe as it has no bars , slats or rails . Very satisfied buyer !
 When we moved my daughter into a twin bed and out of the crib for the first time , I wanted to start her off with one long side of the bed along a wall . I bought the Regalo for the open side of the bed . Eventually I thought I 'd move her bed to have both long sides exposed , and maybe purchase a second bed rail for the other side . Once I got this and set it up , I realized that its probably not going to work to put a second rail up . This thing is pretty bulky underneath the bed , and I 'm not sure a second one would work . It does work nicely with the bed up against the wall however , as the picture shows.When I first opened the box , there was the beginning of a tear in the fabric , where it attaches to the metal rail . I did n't really want to go to the trouble of returning it and shipping it back and waiting for a new one , so I just lived with it . But the material does seem a little flimsy , especially at the seams.Overall its a decent product , and well made . My favorite thing about it is that its quite long , so fully protects my daughter along almost the entire length of the bed . She 's a very restless sleeper , so I like that she can thrash about without fear of falling out of the bed .
 We have installed these but not yet used them . They seem sturdy . They were somewhat of a challenge to put together -- instructions were very detailed but good . I will keep them in the up position and not try to slide them under the heavy mattress as I think that will be difficult .
 The rails are very long but , that is a good thing . They slide , with a little effort , between the mattress and the box springs . As rails go , these are very good in keeping my grand children from falling out of the bed .
 Second product with the same characteristics I purchase . My toddler girl is now safe since she decided to `` steal '' our queen bed .
 Because of an injury , I ordered this bed rail for myself . I have to avoid rolling over on my right side and this rail fits my needs perfectly . The length is perfect and it 's very sturdy .
 We started to use this bed rail when our 2 year old moved to a regular twin bed -LRB- we decided to skip the toddler bed step altogether -RRB- about 2 months ago . The rail is long enough to keep him in bed all night long , given that he still tosses and turns around a lot during the night . Yet it leaves enough room at the bottom of the bed to climb in and out . I have already recommended it to two people and also bought another one for my parents when we stay over .
 We are so happy that we have this bed rail ! The length is perfect . It is the longest bed rail we have seen on the market . We use the HideAway feature often . A very safe and sturdy bed rail .
 This items works well , but takes a few minutes to assemble -LRB- best to look at the instructions for a few minutes before attempting to assemble -RRB- . After you assemble one , additional ones are a breeze -LRB- we got a few for some beds the kids use -RRB- .
 My daughter has been using this since the day I gave it to her . She can now put her one-year-old in her own twin bed and not worry about her falling out . She has been using the same kind of bed rail on her three-year-old 's bed for a couple of years now and just loves it .
 The product was exactly what I expected and does the job . I 'm very happy with it.cons
 I ordered the folding bed rail for a twin bed that my 3 year old grandson sometimes sleeps in . It is a nice product - pretty easy to assemble and install . It folds nicely out of the way when he is n't visiting . One would n't even know that it was between the mattress and box spring .
 We bought this for the grandparent 's house and it works perfectly for the occasional sleepover . It tucks away easily . It took some careful assembly but fine with instructions and concentration .
 I installed this in my bed since my toddler likes to come in and cuddle and watch movies or take naps with us
 So far so good . It fits wonderfully on my daughter 's twin bed -LRB- Mattress/boxspring -RRB- . It seems very sturdy and gets very close to the mattress without any gaps . I have n't used the hide-a-way feature yet , so I ca n't comment on that .
 Our boy is big enough to shake this pretty good and he 's 16 months . I 'm a little concerned that it 's a little loose , but it keeps him in bed at night .
 A great product . I have purchased two and recommend them to all my friends with rolling children . Excellent for children in large beds . Never worried about my kids getting stick or falling . Excellent product !
 This bed rail is perfect ! Almost goes the whole lenth of a twin bed ! My daughter uses it to crawl over it to get in bed and it has lasted over a year now !
 We did not buy these from Amazon ; found them cheaper elsewhere . However , wanted to leave a product review for frequent Amazon shoppers . We bought these to keep our elderly dog from falling off the bed -LRB- which he has done , twice -RRB- -- and to keep him from jumping off that side of the bed -- just need something to redirect him . This serves the purpose , so we would buy them again . However , the entire thing is flimsy -- from the netting to the mechanism that snaps it into place -- and takes some effort to work with . The `` hideaway '' feature works , but not easily . You have to lift up on the mattress while pushing it under the mattress . Also , if you put the rail in the `` down '' position , there is no where for it to go on the floor . Our 's sits on the floor at an angle , and it makes it difficult -LRB- though not impossible -RRB- to get out of bed on that side . Again , for the purpose that we bought this -- for the price , we would buy it again . If you need to rely on this being sturdy enough to keep your children from falling on the floor , without a doubt , I would NOT trust this to do that . Neither could this take ANY type of `` abuse . '' Again , for our particular purpose , it works -- and works well .
 This is a good item to have for someone with toddlers . You need to follow the instuctions carefully in order to get the best results on the bed .
 Works as described . I put it together by myself and it would have been a little easier if I had a helper help me put it together .
 I needed the extralong sides , so I installed one on each side of the bed and they work great ! I did n't give it 5 stars because I could n't get the extra long in a pre-made double sided style .
 Now that these rails are installed on my son 's bed , I LOVE them . However , I thought they were very hard to get on just right , especially with one person . I also found that it is a lot easier to install them attached to the box spring -LRB- turning the L shaped holders upside down -RRB- and that makes changing the sheets ten times easier too . Overall , a great product , just hard to install . I 'll try to never take them off unless it 's necessary !
 I purchased this Extra Long Bed Rail a few weeks ago and it has worked well . The reason for the 4 stars is that the rail measures an inch shorter than what the description says and it is really difficult to lock the rail in place so we have just left it up instead of using the hideaway feature . Other than that , the rail does a great job of keeping my toddler from falling out of the bed when he sleeps .
 We purchased this product to use for our 3 year old who we just moved from a queen size bed.We are very happy with this product as it is truly extra long so our little one can still get out of bed and not roll out at night .
 The package came quickly . I can now have a restful sleep knowing that my daughter will be safe in her own bed !
 Goods item ! my 2 year old boy is special needs & it keeps him safe in bed great ! it was extra long and sturdy so it works well
 this bed rail was easy to assemble and when finished , I was very pleased with how sturdy it was for a toddler . It slid in between the box spring and mattress just as it said it would , to hide it for daytime bed making . I was very pleased as many yrs ago I had metal rails for my daughters that were really a pain as they had to be removed daily for a good bedroom apparance .
 Great product ! Works well ... however , assembly a little tricky . Directions difficult to understand . Also pictures and instructions on different pages . Makes it difficult to have to flip pages back and forth during assembly . Instructions difficult to understand and pictures hard to see details because illustrations are so small . Took me about and hour to figure it all out . Am very satisfied with end results .
 I purchased this for my son 's `` toddler '' bed . The bed is a 3-4 foot tall bed my dad built when my brother and I were born that rests about 2-3 inches into the frame on a board . I love the length of this bed rail as it extends most the length of the bed , and the height -LRB- 20 '' -RRB- gives me a little extra comfort given my son still likes to play around in his crib . The bed frame seems to be sturdy enough to support my son if he were to lean on it . One thing I do n't like is that the bars that rest under the bed are close to an inch thick . It raises the side of the mattress noticeably , so we have to balance out the mattress . Now I do n't know if it is because the mattress rests on a board and not a box spring . I probably wo n't use hideaway feature . We have n't actually had my son in the bed yet . He is going on 19 months , and our plan is to start giving him the option when he wants to sleep in the bed hoping he can transition easier to the bed , and hopefully before our new little one is ready to transfer into the crib .
 Our son moved into his `` big boy bed '' at 19 mos . since our 2nd baby was coming in 4 weeks . We decided to do a twin so we would n't have to buy another bed in a few years . This bed rail is perfect for his bed ! It 's great quality and so easy to assemble . I am NOT very savvy when it comes to putting things together and I did this at 36 weeks prego . I highly recommend this product !
 This review is for both Hide Away Extra Long and another comparable model , Sleep Tite Extra long , of same brand . I am currently using both models so I can compare these two with each other.What 's in common?Overall both are in good quality and solid enough for their purpose . The extra long length is a big advantage for my sleep-mobile kids . They do n't just roll sideways . These rails are the longest ones I can find on market . They look very similar and basically have same mechanism for installation . Once installed properly , there is no gap -LRB- at least no gap that wide enough to be considered dangerous -RRB- between the rail and mattress . I use one for each of my girls . They are both serious rollers and more than often they lean against the rail and put their faces against the mesh . No suffocation worries . I know it 's not for co-sleep but I use it for co-sleep with my younger daughter anyway . Do n't see any issue.What 's different?Portability
 I bought two of these -LRB- one for each side -RRB- for my 2-year-old . He moved up to the big-boy bed -LRB- regular-sized twin -RRB- and is quite the wiggle-worm at night . The rails are plenty long , so I never worry about him rolling too far around and off the bed . The instructions were so easy to follow ; there is one step -LRB- dealing with spinning the rails around -RRB- that was a little tricky , but it was no big deal . Assembly took me about 35 minutes on the first one , 15 on the second . If you 're going to use two rails like I do , it takes a little finesse to align the bottoms below the mattress just right , but , really , it 's easy ! I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone , and as soon as my son is old enough to not need them anymore , I 'll pass them on to my sister -LRB- she 's expecting a li'l one soon , and in a couple years , it will be perfect timing ! -RRB- . Enjoy !
 I bought this for my 2 year old who is delayed and really was n't ready for a twin bed , but we 've got baby number 2 due in a few weeks and I did n't want him to feel displaced by waiting for the next baby to arrive to take him out of the crib . I set it all up myself - super easy ! I got in his bed and pushed on the rail and I feel safe that it wo n't fall in the middle of the night . The hideaway feature is great to make changing sheets easy . I bought a 2nd one for my parents house for when we sleep there too . The extra length really helps with protection as well . My son tends to move around a lot while he 's sleeping .
 I am very pleased with the Regalo Bed Rail , specially because during the day it is hidden under the matress and the bed looks as it should . I have found my son , which is almost 3 years old , leaned over the rail during the night , and it does n't moves an inch . It took 40 minutes to put everything together the first time , but now it takes a minute every night.I highly recommend this product .
 This was for my 2yr old who is now in a big boy bed . We have extra think mattresses so I was a bit worried that it would n't be high enough to stop him from falling out of bed but it is perfect . We are SO happy with this product , it was easy to put together tho the instructions were n't too clear . I highly recommend this to anyone who needs to protect their squirmy little of from falling out of bed !
 We bough this railing for our youngest son -LRB- age 2 -RRB- when he moved from a crib to his big boy mid-high loft . We thought/hoped he 'd use the trundle , but he wanted to be in a bed like his older brother . It is incredibly sturdy and covers almost the entire length of his bed . That 's good because I was honestly envisioning ways to `` cage '' him in his bed so he would n't fall -LRB- or escape ... think Curious George and you have our little man -RRB- . It was simple to assemble and install -LRB- I 'm naturally blonde and did it myself in 20 minutes , so it ca n't be that tough -RRB- , and it is remarkably easy to clean and still looks like new after a year . Our son has stood against it and leaned on it , but it still holds firm , keeps its shape , and prevents him from falling . The straps were much easier to adjust and the railing is MUCH MUCH sturdier than our other son 's railing -LRB- Dex Products -RRB- , something that stopped us from using them on his brother 's bed . We feel confident that our son is sleeping securely and have never worried about him falling off , even though I was against him sleeping on the mid-high loft . Buy this railing and you and your child will sleep safe and sound , too !
 I ordered this for my grandchildren . It was assembled and on the bed in less than half an hour and works perfectly . The directions are a little screwy , but the pictures make sense so it 's not difficult . The kids have more fun climbing in from the end of the bed so we do n't drop the side much , but that works well too . Safe and secure , easy to snap together , and stores flat and out of sight under the bed when necessary . I 'm very pleased
 Excellent quality . Easy to assemble . Easy to install . Works great - exactly as advertised . Long length is great for young toddlers learning how to stay in bed . Convenient to move out of the way when the bed is to be used for an older person .
 Out 2 year old was climbing out of his crib so it seemed a good time to transition him to the bed . It 's a tight fit with the wooden frame of the bed but it does the job .
 This bed rail is very sturdy and tight against the mattress , so tight that it takes some work to change the sheets without taking the rail down.If you do take the rail down , the straps and the metal piece on the other side have a chance to move around under the bed . So , I do not take the side down and slide it under the bed . I also leave it where it is in the upright position all the time so that it has less of a chance of breaking down at the hinge points , etc.Great rail and I love the length of it .
 This really works well . I have no worries about my little girl -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- . She has no way of falling out of her new twin bed . The assembly was tougher than suggested . Overall - we really needed a good , safe product that works . My little girl really puts this product to the test as she sleeps . Pretty wild sleeper .
 I purchased two of these bed rails for my toddler son when we switched him from his crib to his full size bed . The directions were a little unclear at one point and the first rail took me about an hour to put together , but once I figured out what I was doing wrong the second rail only took 5 minutes to put together . The hardest part was putting both rails on the same bed . Now that they are both on there I have no problem changing his sheets -LRB- I do n't even fold them down I just shove my hand down between the rail and the mattress and then make sure the rail straps are snug and secure -RRB- . I would definitely recommend these bed rails .
 This works on a standard bed , but not on a camper overhead bunk due to the thickness of the rails under a very thin mattress .
 Our son transitioned to a big bed early -LRB- 19 mos . -RRB- because he was starting to climb out of his crib . I was looking for a way to ensure he would not roll out of his new -LRB- full size -RRB- bed , and this bed rail has done the trick . The extra length makes a big difference since he still rolls all over the place when sleeping . I gather the comforter at the bottom of the bed and it is in the corner of the room , so all sides are protected . While it took a bit of patience and effort to put it together , it was a great purchase . I rated it a 4 instead of a 5 based on the effort required to put it together . Once together , it is a 5 !
 While it was pretty easy to put together , the instructions were n't the best . That 's the only reason it gets four and not five stars . If you are n't mechanically inclined , find someone who is to help -LRB- or to assemble it for you ! -RRB- . I ended up having to kind of figure it out on my own - which was n't too hard after looking at some of the diagrams , what came in the box , and using what little mechanical sense I have . One helpful thing was that each piece was actually numbered to match the instructions , so that you knew which piece being called for in each step - a huge bonus given that the `` detail '' illustrations showing some steps were very low-resolution and tiny , making it hard to tell which pieces are shown!Getting it installed on the bed was a snap - I managed to do it by myself , but it would have been a lot easier with another adult to help hold up the mattress . It folds down pretty easily , and is secure once attached . The design is also nice - with the mesh vs. rails or an opaque fabric , it is less intrusive and does n't feel as confining .
 This works wonderfully for my 20 month old son . It was very easy to install , and fits perfectly with our twin mattress . Our mattress has a very thin box spring , and it easily fits between the mattress and the box spring . I was worried by some of the other reviews saying it is difficult to assemble , but it turned out to be no problem .
 We purchased this extra long bed rail for our son as he transitioned to a twin bed . The instructions were ok . I found that some portions were vague like most instructions.Pros
 We bought this to travel with our 3 year old . It fits in the bottom of our suitcase and is easy to put together . It worked great and kept him from falling out of the bed !
 Our daughter went right from her crib to a full sized bed . I was very nervous about putting her in a bed until I found these rails . We have one on each side and they protect her perfectly and give Mommy and Daddy peace of mind !
 I bought this so my new 4 lb . puppy would n't fall out of my bed like she did twice before . It works alot better than putting pillows on the floor . It seems sturdy enough to keep a child from falling off the bed . I may use it for my 3 yr . old nephew as well.It took 30 minutes to put together & get it on the bed correctly . After a few days , it would n't slide under the mattress . I forced it and bent the guide rail . After calling Regalo customer service , a new part was sent to me along with a carrying bag . Amazon description said a travel bag was included , but it was not in the box . Regalo says this model does n't come with a bag & would contact Amazon to have the description revised.I ca n't say enough about Regalo 's customer service . They are friendly and very willing to please . I 'll never hesitate to buy their brand again.Overall , I like the product and would recommend it to others . I would also say that I 've learned you have to be gentle and have a little patience when sliding it under the mattress . It does slide in , but do n't be in a hurry and force it like I did .
 I was looking for something for the transition for my 21/2 year old grandson to a big bed . It was easy to assemble and I liked the fact that it was longer . We leave it up all the time , and he climbs out the end of the bed easy enough . Very sturdy , and we only use it under a twin mattress , no boxspring . Definetly recommend it .
 We purchased this rail for our almost two year old when we transitioned her to a new room in preparation for our second child . We put her in a twin bed but put the mattress on the floor . This rail works great even with the mattress on the floor . It is quite sturdy and keeps her from rolling out . My husband installed it in less than 20 minutes with no problems . It does take a little while to get the pins back into position after pulling the rail up from under the mattress . And yes , you can not make the bed nicely while the rail is up -- but it is for a toddler and we usually dont make her bed unless we know there is company coming -- and at that point just slide the rail under the mattress and make the bed normally !
 This is a great product . Easy for a child/toddler to crawl around to get out but long enough they do n't slip out , even for a child who sleeps perpendicular to the bed . It easily folds down for mattress access for sheet changing .
 I purchased this for our 21/2 year old grandsonfor his overnight visits.It was relatively easy to install , and workswonderfully .
 The product was put on my daughter 's twin bed and it 's perfect ! It 's a good solid fit and the hide away option is wonderful !!
 Not too difficult to put together , though it does come shipped in a bunch of pieces . Our almost-3-year-old yanks on it pretty hard while he 's going to sleep and it seems very sturdy . Recommended .
 I 'm very happy with this bed rail . My 2 year old is hard on it -LRB- climbing over it and pushing against it -RRB- and it still looks new and does n't move a bit . The softness of the netting is a nice feature too .
 This is a great product . It was very easy to put together and it works great !
 We bought this so our Grand Daughter could transfer to a big bed . She still wants her crib but the bed rail is real nice and I know it will be perfect when she decides to go to her Big Girl bed : -RRB-
 I had a hard time picking a bed rail since reviews seemed all over the place on all the ones I looked at . Ended up with this one , and am happy with my decision . I am using it for co-sleeping , which they tell you not to do , but it 's really only insurance in case my little one does a crazy fast barrel roll and I do n't catch her in time :-RRB- It took me about 1/2 an hour to put together and install , not too bad , but being a single mom I put together stuff all alone constantly . Pretty easy to hide under the mattress , but in order to do that I have to drag the nightstand way out of the way , so it just stays up most the time . It 's reallllly long , which I like for safety , but dislike when I am getting in and out of bed . I sometimes try to go over it , but I 'm pretty short so ca n't do that gracefully . I think for just under 30 bucks and free shipping this was a great deal .
 we ordered this bed rail for my three year old daughter when we transitioned her out of a toddler bed into a queensize bed . the bed frame sits really high off the ground so I was nervous about her rolling off . This bedrail installed easily and holds very strong ... perfect for her . I like the hideaway feature but it is kind of difficult to maneuver the rail , so we just leave it up the majority of the time . Great product for the price .
 This was the longest bed rail I could find for my 20 month old . The quality seems fine & I like the mesh so that my toddler can still breath if she has her face pressed up against it . The only negative or annoying thing for me is that the way this contraption sits in between mattresses , it makes the side where the rail is higher than the other side , so the top mattress ends up being at a bit of an angle . Ours is installed tight so that the rail does n't move , but I do n't think loosening would make a difference & I do n't know if this would happen with other brands . I do n't use the fold & tuck feature much but in order to use it you must adjust something on each side which I ca n't reach on my own , so I do one side & my husband the other . I only use this feature when I change the sheets . I am very happy with the length of this on our twin bed . It covers more than 3/4 of the mattress .
 The rail is very secure whether you secure the anchor to the wall or only secure between the box spring and mattress . Easy to install . Easy to use .
 These rails work great . I love that they fold awaybetween mattress/box spring when you do n't needthem . I do n't have to worry that my grandson willfall out of bed now .
 This will secure that my daughter wont fall off the bed . Easy to assemble and safe to use . She likes it
 very strong , safe and easy to install , now i sleep with out worry , and in the morning is very easy to hide
 I bought this for my 4 year olds . She has a full size bed . This stops her from falling off the side . It 's only one rail , so we pushed her bed against the wall . Works well . Holds a lot of weight and takes a beating with several kids jumping on the bed . Good safety item .
 I bought this product for two reasons . 1 . My daughter is going through a nightmare phase and has ended up in bed with me often lately . She is a thrasher at night and needed something to keep her safe so we could also get some sleep . 2 . We plan on transitioning her to a full-sized bed in a few months and predict she will need this based on how much she moves at night so it will get a lot of use in the future . The rail installed fairly easily . I would say it took my husband a bit longer based on our very heavy tempurpedic mattress and the set up of our bed-frame . It folds down fairly easily as well . My Mom has one at her house as well for when we sleep there and she is equally pleased with this product too .
 We love this product ! It has a great gripper system on the bottom , which was the main concern for us when purchasing another stool . Other stools would slide around on the floor and he 'd trip or fall on them . This stool is sturdy and light-weight , a great combination of portability and security .
 When my two year old outgrew his Pack n Play that my mom had for him when he stayed with Mimi , we had to think of whatelse we could do to give him a safe place to sleep on his weekend visits from time to time . They do n't have a crib but they had a daybed , and I thought I could get a rail for it . Make the day bed , like a giant crib since it already has bars on three sides!I also did n't want him to be able to easily squirm out . Afterall , he is only two , he moves all over his bed still . When I came across the extra long bed rail I was excited . Offering that it would cover most of a 72 inch long bed frame . As the entire rail is like 56 inches . It was AWESOME !!! I put it mostly together by myself . It was basically pushing one metal pipe into another one until you hear the ` click ' of the little ball going into the hole . After that , you put on the fabric . I can tell , though I have n't had to yet , it will be easy to wash . It zips on , so it 's easily removeable . I zipped it up and then moved on with the instructions.The only hard part with it was the fact that you have to get these rather large pins in these tiny little grooves . So that the rail will ` slide ' in between the matress and the box spring . And stand up properly . I 'll admit it when I say my Dad a construction company owner , for 40 + years had to help me get the grooves just right . I probably could have done it if he was n't there , but hey , I have no problem asking dad for help ! He got it together pretty quick and we were set to go.The reviewer that mentioned this thing is really made for a matress/box spring system , is completely correct . But between my dad and I we got this to work . Stuck it inside the frame of the day bed and put the matress on top . It does n't budge and inch ! My son was so happy to have a big bed he could move around on , he took his first nap in that bed there , and slept perfectly . I would reccomend this to anyone that is looking for a good twin bedframe rail.It is great ! I feel safe with him staying over there at night , knowing this rail will keep him safely inside the bed .
 My daughter just graduated to a big girl bed so I needed the extra security and piece of mind . This product did the trick . It is very sturdy and long enough that I do n't have to worry about her falling off the bed . I placed the net closer to the headboard to make no gaps at the head of the bed where she sleeps . Very happy with this bed rail .
 I bought this bedrail for my four year old son who tosses and turns at night . When I researching bedrails I found that this is the only bedrail on the market that tucks under the mattress . After reading reviews and seeing the great price on this rail I decided to take a shot . It took me a total of 40 minutes to put this bedrail together from start to finish . Which was a little longer than expected . The bedrail has held up very well over these last three months . I have seen my son climbing over it several times and it has never shown weakness . I absolutely love the HideAWAY feature which allows me to easily make the bed and change the sheets . Also , it is nice to have the option to tuck under the mattress when my son 's friends come over . However , the rail sometime can stick sliding on under the mattress a bit but its nothing that 1-2 seconds of wiggling does n't fix . Also , the price is defiantly right . Overall , this bedrail gets a five star from me . I have already recommend this bedrail to all of my friends .
 We have used this bed rail for a few nights and it seems to work fine . Was a little difficult to assemble alone just due to its awkwardness . It sticks a little when I try to slide it under the mattress to change the sheets .
 I bought this bedrail to use for my 2.5 yr old as he was transitioning out of his baby crib into his big boy bed . I am glad we got this because he does regularly fall off the sofa if he naps there and he has a captain 's bed -LRB- a little taller than the average twin sized bed -RRB- . This rail feels a little flimsy when you first get it out , but let me tell you , it has taken some abuse over the last almost year ! My son uses it as a handrail to climb into his bed , he drapes his leg over the top of it , he stretches his face and feet in the mesh , etc. and it still works perfectly . I can make the bed without having to remove it -- just drop it down to the floor , make the bed , then return it upright . I just now tried to use the hideaway function and was surprised by the coordination needed to manuever it under the bed . It 's not that it 's difficult , just a little awkward . -LRB- We obviously do n't use it that way , we just leave it upright and he does n't mind . -RRB- I also found that I needed to be especially careful when securing it upright . One night , I thought I had latched it properly , but when my husband checked , it was still loose . We are pleased with our purchase and will either use this one or buy another one when our youngest son moves into a big boy bed .
 It 's a solid product . One thing to know
 We have n't had this seat for too long . But so far , our son loves it ! He says that it is very comfortable . He loves the cup holder and pillow . And my husband and I have found it very easy to use . We use it as our second car seat , and as such it moves from car to car quite frequently . It is super easy to move around . We 've even brought it with us on a trip -LRB- checked it on the plane and used it in a rental car -RRB- . It was a great choice for us , and love that it will grow with our son .
 I have had this seat several months now . My granddaughter is three and likes the cup holder . It is very easy to move from one car to another . Cover comes off easily for machine washing . We have all ready had to adjust it for her growth -LRB- height -RRB- and it was no problem at all . When she is older we will be able to take back off and just use the booster seat .
 I needed a stroller that would fit in the trunk of my tiny Kia and not cost me an arm and a leg . The Hula was the stroller for us.We have used it for 6 months now , since my daughter was born . It is not intended for placing newborns in it , but it holds our Graco carseat and comes with a strap to secure the seat to the stroller . A raincover and suncover were included as well.It folds up small and is lightweight , so even I can easily get it in and our of the car.The basket underneath is small and not accessible when the seat is reclined , but this does not bother us , as we do n't use it for shopping trips.When I first got it I thought it was a little flimsy , but we have taken it to Europe and gate-checked it a couple of times -LRB- and the airlines are not exactly gentle with them -RRB- and it 's still in top shape.I really like it and would buy it again - however I would not pay full price for this , I got mine for about $ 130 on sale .
 I got this for $ 100 on sale through Amazon , and it was a steal at that price ! Zooper includes all the extras -- rain cover , sun cover , footmuff , carseat adapter bar -- that other companies nickel and dime you to death on . It fits our red Graco Snugride perfectly -LRB- and is nearly an exact color match to boot ! -RRB- , and is very easy to attach securely to . It folds up fairly small -- not as small as a typical umbrella , but it fits neatly in our '99 Toyota Corolla trunk with room for lots of groceries , which is good for us.The basket is hard to get into from the back -LRB- esp . when you have the seat reclined , which you have to do for a carseat -RRB- , but we use a hanging diaper bag on the back -LRB- the carseat keeps it from tipping over ; we 'll have to be careful of that when the baby 's bigger and sitting in the seat proper -RRB- . We only drink water , so the net bag holds our water bottles perfectly -- this is NOT the stroller if you want a place to put a fountain drink , that 's true . There 's a little pocket on the back of the canopy which is good for paper / tickets / smaller items.We found it wobbles on uneven pavement , but is great on smoother asphalt and indoors -LRB- we 're city dwellers , so we do n't go to the mall much -RRB- . However , this wobbly-ness puts our baby right to sleep , so it 's great when nothing else will soothe him.Good for taller parents too -- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and my hubby is 5 ' 11 '' and neither of us has to hunch to push the handles . Oh , and the hook handles are handy for putting light-weight shopping bags over in a pinch . We had no trouble steering -- my husband steers one-handed going downhill because his feet kick the back of the stroller then.Overall , a great combo stroller . Will report back once we 're no longer using it with a carseat , but for now it seems as though it 'll last us until he 's walking everywhere on his own
 I have the 2006 version of this in black , but it is basically the same . There are some good things and some bad things about this stroller . I did all my research before I bought it , and most of the reviews were pretty good , thats why I decided to buy it over the Maclaren Quest.Well ... Lets start with the good1 . My son loves it , he is very comfortable he is 16 months2 . It is lite , and easy to load in the car3 . It is small , and fits through aisles at the store4 . The basket is large enough for the items I need to carry , like a diaper and wipes.As for the cons ... 1 . The basket drags and gets caught in the wheel , only with 1 diaper and 1 small travel pack of wipes2 . The wheels can turn any direction , although it seems that they then get stuck and do n't go straight again . -LRB- I called Zooper and they give me all these stuff to do like lubricate the wheels , and remove this and that ... The stroller has only been used since April and mostly indoors ! -RRB- 5 . There is no way to sit all the way up , you can lie all the way down , but my son has trouble eating when he is reclined so much and keeps using the bar to pull himself up.Thats basically all of it , For the price i paid $ 300.00 I wish I would have just splurged and got the Bugaboo I was looking at , but I will continue to use this stoller for my son until the next baby arrives , and then just get the Bugaboo with the ride on board or the double Maclaren .
 I JUST PURCHASED THIS THROW , IT IS GORGEOUS.I WASHED AND DRIED IT AND NO SHEDDING OR PILLING.IT IS SOFT AND COZY , I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND ANYTHING FROM MELISSA & DOUG AND THIS ONE JUST ADDS TO MY LOVE OF MELISSA & DOUG .
 I inherited a portacrib , and it works just as well as a regular crib so far as I 'm concerned . My only problem with it was that I could n't use any of the adorable sheets and bedding sets that I saw . Until I found this . I am so happy they make this cute set in portacrib size ! My baby -LRB- and I -RRB- love bugs and the colors are great . For those of you who do n't know , a portacrib is 24 '' x 38 ''
 I have only washed this 2 times and have noticted the colors are not as vibrant as when I purchased it . It did ball up a little bit . Which you can pick them off but who has time for that with a new baby ! In response to a question posted on here about size the blanket tag says finished size 24 X 36 . . this set WILL NOT fit a regular crib ... hope this helps
 Very cute ... Beautiful theme for a little girl 's nursery . . Does not fit a REGULAR CRIB and its unfortunate the sizes are not clearly mentioned ... If you like this theme you would rather buy the 6 pc Gossamer Crib bedding Set.I almost bought this one and thought would check the store ... and guess what it was smaller for a regular crib !!
 I bought this set for my daughter for her daycare crib and it is adorable . I like that the sheet was gingham , and though the description made it sound like it would be too satiny - it was n't . It 's sweet without being too cutesy-girly . And , you can match other color sheets with it .
 I love this set . My daughter is just weeks away from being born and I ran into the store and had to pick out things kind of quick ! Because we live in a smaller apartment , I wanted to simply use a portacrib for as long as we 'll be able to and forgo the normal size crib for a bit longer . I was very much disappointed in the selection of bedding for portacribs but was thrilled to find this . I now have the crib home with this set all done up and it 's beautiful . Putting it with the entire set came together well . I ca n't believe we were actually able to have such a beautiful little nursery set for our daughter with limited space . The entire Gossamer Wings set is so awesome !
 My mother-in-law purchased this set for a cradle that she had used when her kids where babies . This set is made for a porta crib , but will fit a cradle it just is n't that snug . It looks very cute in the cradle . I do n't plan on keeping my baby in the cradle for that long so I do n't think that the bumpers should be a problem . She washed the set before we put it into the cradle and it stayed in one piece .
 This is a very cute set for a little girl , but would it fit a normal crib or just a portable one ? What is the difference in size ? Does anyone have the measurements of this set ? I have to say that unlike a lot of three piece sets , this is VERY girly ! I love it !!! -LRB- I 'm saying this by not having the set , though , so I have n't used it for a little girl , but I may use it for my little girl - not born yet - if I can figure out the measurements . -RRB- Thanks !
 I purchased this bedding for my daughter 's portacrib at daycare . She used it for a little over a year . It stayed in great condition despite weekly washings and routine use . I wish her far more expensive home crib bedding had held up as well . This bedding looked so close to new when my daughter no longer needed it that I gave it to a friend of mine whose daughter has been using it for her first year in daycare . I still think it looks great !! Hopefully someone else can use it as well !!
 I actually ordered this about 7 yrs ago . It was just as pictured . And fit the Porta crib nicely for my granddaughter . The colors and durability were great . I 've kept it as an heirloom for the next female child to be born in my family .
 I purchased this set along with a Delta mini crib and I love it . It fit perfectly and seems to be of good quality . I think it 's adorable and would recommend it highly . Also it was delivered VERY quickly .
 Simple love this design and it is unlike other bumpers which look diff in photo and have only 1 knitted design on 1 side.Recommended for portable cribs .
 I can not say enough about this crib set . It is so very pretty , it washes wonderfully , time and again ; it fits our port-a-crib perfectly . We travel with our port-a-crib , and this set is a perfect size for travelling , and allows your child to have at home feel . The quilt is one of my favorite items , because it is not too thick and heavy . It is what a quilt should be . My 18 month old has even taken to the quilt as a `` lovey . `` It is a wonderful value , and I would recommend it to anyone .
 Hey , I have n't actually purchased this set yet but plan to within the next few months . I went and saw this in person at a babies r us superstore and it is so cute . Just so everyone knows this set is not meant for a regular sized crib its meant for a cradle which is much smaller and is only used from the time the baby is born until about 3 months or so . If you like the set I would suggest also getting the 6-piece crib set which is identical but bigger and fits a regular sized crib . If you have the extra money its nice to have both because once the baby grows out of the cradle and is big enough to be put in a crib you can use the cradle sized quilt to hang on the wall which would make the nursery look even more adorable . Plus your daughter can use the cradle sized quilt as a security blanket and carry it around with her when she gets older , I know when I was little I had a blanket about that size that I took everywhere and loved plus it had satin on it just like this one which most babies love the feel of . Anyways hope this was helpful , I would really suggest going and looking at this set in person so you get a better idea of its actual size , plus the colors are much more beautiful and vibrant in person .
 I recently broke my foot and had to stay at my parents for help with the baby and bought a portable crib . I had registered for the 6-piece crib set but could not afford it and had to go with something else . However this set , a PORTA CRIB size -LRB- duh -RRB- is exactly the same pattern as the larger crib set and affordable ! I love that I was still able to use it to decorate one of my daughter 's cribs .
 this is soooo cute !!!!! and well worth the time for a daughter !!
 I 'm a mother of twin girls . I was always looking for a formula dispenser that is clean and practical . This product has all I was looking for . It 's beautiful , clean , easy to stack up . I love it . The only problem I see is when I pour formala out of the container , I had to tab many times before I can get it all out . That 's not a big deal as I think it 's the best product on the market right now . Dishwasher clean everyday , still brand new look .
 I love this product . I bought it at a baby fair and have used it literally every day since ! I wish i had it for formula and cereal , but now that i have a two year old i use it for snacks and fruit . Mostly we carry just three sections at a time and that is great . it fits in any bag we use . They have proven to be dishwasher safe for quick clean up and truly shatter proof . I have given this as a gift on a couple of occasions and everyone seems thrilled . A DIAPER BAG MUST !!!!! YOU WONT BE SORRY !
 This is a good product , but for formula I found the little baggies made by The First Years and the more common compartment containers more useful and I was disappointed that I spent more than twice as much on this thing . We used it for daycare for about a year . Then , when my daughter was a year old we started to use it for snacks . For this purpose it is really useful and it fits in the bottle pockets of diaper bags . The thing is that it started to fall apart . The little part that makes it lock together just breaks so now we have 2 compartments left and I 'm going to look for another alternative . Also , it 's not easy to use for people with hand-issues so the Grandmothers have had problems unsnapping it . I would have easily purchased it again if it did n't cost $ 20 -LRB- which is actually quite a bit for something like this -RRB- .
 I love this dispenser . I use it for formula and snacks . It is great for cereal and snacks . I like that it does n't take up much room in the diaper bag . Fun to use and easy to clean !
 First I started using the Sassy powder dispenser cup -LRB- 4 compartments -RRB- and I never had any issues except that it would take up more space into the bottle cooler -LRB- have to use one living in hot AZ otherwise water gets warm in the car -RRB- this dispenser allows me to fit more bottles into the bottle carrier/cooler and it truly is shatter free as I dropped it and nothing happened ! I once dropped a full Sassy powder dispenser and it shattered leaving powder all over the kitchen floor , fortunately the Sassy 's are cheap so I just replaced it and it 's still the one I use at home but for going out the SMART dispenser works best .
 This is a great product ; easy to use , clean , and dispense . I 've used other formula dispensers in the past but like this one so much better . If we 're going on a short trip , I just stack a couple . If we 're going to be gone for a while , I stack all five . Looking forward to using it for snacks later as well . Definitely worth the cost !
 I thought this would look cheap but when it came i was very HAPPY with it . Its pockets are really deep as you can see in the pic I posted . a great addition for storage in Landons room
 I ordered this canvas organizer online after unsuccessfully trying to find it in the local stores and it is really nice . I was unable to find ANY other canvas organizers of the same design and I am considering ordering a second one . It 's cute and it seems well made . I did n't pay close attention to its dimensions in the product description so I had expected it to be a bit wider but I 'd still recommend this product . Our baby 's room is pretty small and this product allows us to utilize valuable limited space and I can think of plenty of fun uses for it .
 I got 2 of these for my shower . One is on the back of the baby 's room door , filled with stuffed animals and looks adorable and the other is on the back of the bathroom door with all the face clothes , towels and robes the baby received and also looks awesome . I highly recommend this if you like organization .
 This product is a great place to store anything behind the door of your bedroom . We use ours for extra diapers and for the tons of baby hats that we have . It fits easily over the top of our door without any problems . The door still has plenty of room to close . Its easy washable and so handy !
 The organizer is a nice idea and is constructed well . However , it hangs very high on the door - a few inches from the top . I am tall enough to reach it -LRB- 5 foot 7 inches -RRB- , but a person who was any shorter would have a difficult time reaching the top two pockets .
 I got this organizer for my son and daughters room and it is a great value for the money . I had bought an exact one for my son 's room from Pottery Barn kids and it was $ 29 and its essentially the same exact thing without the animals embroidered on the top . The sage green is such a pretty color . I love the pink color too for girls but since my kids are sharing a room I chose to go with the neutral sage color .
 I was glad to get this organizer as a shower present . I am a `` neat freak '' and was glad to have a place to put toys and books instead of them being on the baby 's room floor . This fits on the door nice and hides clutter .
 We have this organizer hanging over the closet door in our baby 's room . The pockets are sturdy and it is nice to have some extra created space for storing items . It would be even better if the pockets started a bit lower from the top of the door to make the top pockets more accessible . It also would be nice if it were longer , or if it was possible to hook two together to go all the way down the door .
 I really enjoyed this organizer - it helped me to get some things off my lower shelves when my baby started to crawl . I also really liked the cute design up at the top
 I 'm a first timer with my baby girl due May 6th & we live in a 1 bedroom house right now , so we are a little cramped ... I bought this hoping to use it for the little things that I ca n't find room for AND it 's perfect !!! I love the green , but my daughter 's name is going to be Sage , so it made it even cuter ! I put it on the bathroom door & loaded it up with diapers , lotions , etc. & it 's just wonderful ! I think I want to get 1 more , too ! The little characters at the top are sweet & I think I fit 80 newborn diapers in it !! It 's great ! If you need some extra storage this is perfect for you !
 With limited room in my daughter 's nursery , we hung this over the closet door right next to the changing table . I store diapers and wipes , and roll her blankets to tuck into one pocket too . On the top we have a few stuffed animals peeking out . A perfect accessory !
 We also have a blue one - they are well manufactured and very sturdy .
 This is great , it fits perfectly onto the back of a door and is a great space saver . The pockets are a nice size and they have a `` frame '' so are not soft nor do they hang down without support . The color sage is very pretty and I find it to be a unisex item that baby will use well into childhood . A really great purchase !
 We have this hanging on the back of her closet door holding her books . It is great and looks so cute . We bought the cube and hamper that match and have been happy with it all .
 Very cute and functional . The pockets are good size and fit a lot of things . I would recommend this product .
 I know this is a baby product , but I needed some extra space for my stuff . I thought it was cute and able to handle adult stuff . AND IT DOES SO BEAUTIFULLY !!!! I put a sage one in my closet to stash personal items and it 's great . I 'll buy a second .
 Being an inexperiennced new mom , I had no idea that `` Porta Crib '' meant a speciality sized crib and not standard size -LRB- 52 X 27 -RRB- . I just figured it was some kind of name brand among all the others . No where on the detailed page did it describe the measurements , so I assumed standard . I registered for this and was so excited until I tried to fit it on and it was too small ! So basically , I just wanted to warn new moms or moms who did n't know ~ this will not fit standard cribs . However , the bumper is ever cuter in person then on the photos -LRB- a good thing -RRB- , but the crib sheet is very thin/cheap -LRB- bad thing -RRB- !
 I have just got this bed set 5 days ago and love it ! It could be used for a girl or boy . I have looked around for bedding for a portable crib and could not find anything I liked and they seemed high in price , well then I found this one and it 's fits perfect on a portable crib . And it 's alot cuter than the picture ! I really do like it . The only thing is I wish it had a dust ruffel : -RRB-
 i love this crib set ! i had a Snoopy set in the porta crib -LRB- i think it was recently discontinued -RRB- before i put in this one . it was cute but the bumper did n't fit too well -LRB- kinda awkward and uneven -RRB- and the quality of the fabrics used for the fitted sheet and the bumper felt cheap . i got the malawi porta crib set as a present -LRB- i added it into my registry because i liked the colors and i thought it looked cute -RRB- . i was about to exchange it for store credit because i thought i had no use for it but i 'm glad i did n't . the bumper fits almost perfectly and feels thicker and safer to use . i love the feel of the fabrics used for the whole set . it is definitely worth the money .
 I bought this bedding set for my sons Cosco portable crib . It made very well and washes nicely . It is so cute . My son and I love the animals on the bumpers , he likes to make noises at them . If you have a portable crib I recommend buying this bedding set .
 We bought some of these and they are great . They fit perfect under our crib , great to store towels and washclothes and extra supplies . We can fit six under the crib ... the back three for lesser used items .
 We love these bins and have them in a few colors . We use them under our changing table and they fit perfectly perfectly on the shelves , we have two there but you could fit three easily . We use one for medical and grooming items and another for bathtime stuff so everything is right there where we need it to be . We also put some on our bookcase to hold small toys and stuffed animals , it looks very cute .
 These folding bins are super ! They fit perfectly onto a book shelf and are firm and very good quality . I am using mine to store things like baby bath products and bottles . They are really handy and an excellent purchase , make sure you buy at least 2 !
 Two big reasons ... attractive and safe ! I bought them to go on the changing table because I thought they looked more modern than baskets but they have become my ` can not live without product ' . The sage color matches my PBK room decor perfectly and my daughter loves to pull them off the changing table and sort through her things , socks , hats , bibs ... I keep the diapers up top out of her reach . When she pulls them off I do n't have to worry about her harming herself . Lastly , one pack of diapers , when pulled apart fits perfectly in one bin . Great gift !
 I have 3 of these in our new baby 's nursery , and they 're great ! I use them in the closet . They 're very sturdy , they look cute , and it 's nice that they 're collapsible.One caution is that they do n't fit in the matching hanging closet organizer very well as pictured on the package . -LRB- If you hang clothes , even newborn clothes , with long legs in the upper section , then there is no room for the bin . -RRB-
 We got three of these from Babies R Us store . They fit well in our shelf . Good to store small toys . A must have for the nursery .
 We got two of these in all three colors for our daughters room and we love them . They are super strong and sturdy . But as other reviewers have mentioned they are smaller than one would expect . But we wanted something smaller to store toys in tha she could lift and carry . We also use them to store baby shampoo and lotin in so if they were any bigger they would be too haevy to carry in that case . Also do n't be fooled by the `` sage '' becasue they are mint green if I ever saw mint green !
 I have these in pink and green and other than it being more ` mint ' than ` sage ' -LRB- picture shows actual color , so it 's not too deceiving -RRB- , I love it . They are sturdy , wo n't collapse in on themselves and it can hold quite a bit of stuff . I am using them for books , toys , shoes , and other items that need to be ` herded . ' I also have three for changing table items like diapers , burp cloths , lotion , and health care items .
 I have these bins and the pop-up bins from Pottery Barn Kids . These are better , bigger , more sturdy , and have cute ivory trim detail . Also , these are less expensive . We 've used these in on the shelves of our changing table to organize our onesies , pj 's , socks , diapers , burp cloths , and hats . Makes getting ready in the morning a snap !
 So the colors of these bins are a bit odd -LRB- the green is slightly more lime than sage -RRB- , but they work really well for storage . They especially work well on a particular set of wood shelves from IKEA -LRB- the Molger which costs $ 39.99 - silly name but that 's IKEA . -RRB- Those shelves are good looking , cheap , and do n't have a large footprint -LRB- which is great if you have a small place like our rowhouse in DC . -RRB- And these bins fit almost exactly in height , length and width into those shelves . We have three of these bins on the bottom shelves for toys and use the upper shelves for books and stuff , and it all looks and works great without taking up much room.Now , if only Babies R Us could get their online and brick-and-mortar gift registry and gift return snafus fixed ... -LRB- why Amazon has partnered with such an inept company is beyond me -RRB-
 Some friends at my former job surprised us with this as an upgrade from the ` basic ' monitor we registered for . It 's incredible how well the small green light on the camera lights up everything you need to see in the crib . When he was a newborn , we placed the monitor in the living room and found oursevles watching THAT TV more than the regular TV . Even though he 's only a room away at night , it 's still nice to have it at bedside so we can see if he 's `` talking '' or ready to get up . It 's just nice to see exactly what 's going on without him having to see us and feeling the need to get out of his crib .
 This item was wonderful . We have had this for close to two years . It has been a life saver . My only draw back is it seems the monitor picture has gone out . But we do leave it on all night ! I plan on calling the manufactor to see if there is a way to fix it if not , I would buy another one . The comfort of knowing I can see my son without going into his room was priceless . It also helped comfort us when he was close to giving up his crib and moving to a toddle bed . Twice we caught him almost going over the side of the crib , but was able to stop him before he made it thanks to this monitor . Like I said , maybe we left it on to much and that is what the monitor picture is not working , but the few times this saved us from a potentional injury has made it worth every single penny !!!!!
 Great for viewing the crib and even in a dark room the picture is realatively good . The mic picks up every little tiny sound is is too sensitive for use -LRB- from a background noise standpoint -RRB- . We use our regular baby monitor for that has an auto on feature when our baby moves for the audio part . Other than this one nit pick it is a great monitor and worth the money and peace of mind .
 I wanted to get a color monitor , but opted for this one because of the price difference . I am very pleased with the overall quality . It is really nice to be able to turn the video on when I hear my son moving around and making noise , but then be able to turn it off once I have checked on him . It does n't get five stars because of the static . After reading some of the reviews , I was afraid that there might be too much for me to stand , but actually there is quite little . I just played around with the positioning of the monitor until there was just a bit of static . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I received this monitor as a baby shower gift and have been using it for 20 months now and LOVE it ! We did have to take our 900mhz phone out of our bedroom because of static , but after that we have had zero problems with it . It is so nice to be able to turn the picture off at night and just have the sound on , and then at the push of a button I can turn the picture on and check on my son . It has saved this first time Mom many trips up the stairs in the middle of the night to check on my baby .
 I love this monitor so far we just got it . What I realized is that it does not include hand helds . I have a two story house and everytime I go into a different room for a while I have to take the monitor with me I wish this product included hand helds so you can carry it without having to unplug the whole monitor .
 My son is now 6 months old and we have used this monitor the whole time , so far it has been great . The picture is near perfect and we have had NO inteference -LRB- microwave , telephone , etc. -RRB- This monitor is well worth the money , and it is great to not have to get up and run in the room with every little noise , just look at the monitor and see what is going on . This is especially helpful in the middle of the night . Another asset is you can go into the room and adjust the camera if needed without waking up the baby , totally silent . I can not imagine not living without a video monitor now . 5 STARS !!!
 We 've used this baby monitor to watch our 14-month old daughter since she was about 3 months old , and believe it 's the greatest thing . Our house is pretty small , so we do n't usually turn up the volume since we can hear pretty clearly through our walls . We generally use the sound when we want to listen to her breathing . The sound is very clear.The video is also very clear , and it gives us so much peace of mind when she cries during a nap or in the middle of the night . Instead of immediately rushing into her room to see what 's wrong , we watch her on the monitor for a few minutes . Usually , she is able to console herself back to sleep within a minute without our help . We believe this baby monitor has really helped us in teaching her more independent sleeping habits .
 This is a wonderful video monitor ! I had 3 -LRB- yes , count em , 3 -RRB- Safety First monitors and they were a piece of junk . Each safety first monitor broke within weeks of buying them for all different reasons . I decided to try this on since it was the only other brand at the store . It is SO much better ! The picture can be fuzzy but it does n't jump like the safety first one did , and the sound is SO much better . Definately buy this one over the more expensive , junky Safety First . It is better all the way around with picture , sound and it does n't interfere with every appliance in the house as the others did .
 This monitor was given to me as a shower gift -LRB- for my 1st baby -RRB- from someone very special to my family . I have never seen the competition 's monitors but I do n't feel I need to . I am completely satisfied w/the performance of this monitor . I love the fact that the room can be completely dark and yet the picture is still bright & crystal clear . We leave the voice monitor on all night and It gives my husband and I peace of mind knowing that w/the click of a button we can peek in on our little angel . Our little man has been sleeping in his nursery since he was a month old and this monitor made the transistion so much easier on mom & dad :O -RRB- I have a 900mhz phone & all kinds of gadgets including another voice monitor set up and yet to have notice any kind of static . The only fault I have found with this is when you first turn the monitor on the picture jumps for a few seconds . Not quite sure why but if you are patient it settles down to bring one of the most precious sites in the world . . -LRB- your baby sleeping soundly !! -RRB- A great buy for any parent first time or not .
 I 'm so happy I decided to get this monitor ! I knew I wanted a video monitor , but I was very concerned by the number of negative reviews of the Safety 1st monitor . I decided to take a chance with the Summer monitor , and I could n't be more pleased . The picture is excellent , and we have never experienced any interference from other appliances . The ability to turn on the video and see that my daughter is just settling down to sleep has saved me countless trips to her room to check on her . I highly recommend this product to anyone in the market for a baby monitor .
 Great product . A little staticy noise . Video is great . I can hear and see every breath , although if it 's raining , all I hear is the raindrops on the window . I wish there was a separate on/off switch from the volume so I could leave it at the same volume all the time . Great for peace of mind and getting more sleep ! I do n't have to keep getting up and down . I can look and see if she is showing signs of hunger or waking or gasiness .
 I thought this was just too over-the-top until we got one as a gift . Now we love it . I leave it on audio only and then turn on the monitor for a quick check as needed . Does it stop me from going into his room for a real check ? Nope :--RRB- but it does cut down on the number of times I would otherwise take a stroll down the hall . It 's worked great and the tv is really portable so I can take it around the house with me during the day as needed . Recommended !
 This monitor is great . It has excellent reception from just about anywhere in the house . It gets a little fuzzy if you have a cordless phone next to it . The picture is clear , and the sound is outstanding . If I turn the volume up just a little I can hear my daughter breathing , and if it 's noisy or late I can turn the video and sound off and just watch the lights . It 's the best if you 're a new parent and feel the need to check on your baby constantly . Because you can see and hear your baby perfectly even at night without disturbing their sleep . I absolutely love this monitor !!!
 I love this monitor !! I was so apprehensive about letting my daughter sleep in her own room for the first time . I just did n't want to let her out of my site.My husband talked me into putting her in her crib in her room and hooked up this monitor ... OH JOY !!! There she was , and it has NIGHT VISION , TOO !! I was able to sleep peacefully -LRB- for a few hours at least -RRB- , and if ever I wanted to turn over and look at her , there she was !! I could even hear her cooing in her sleep ! Very comforting.This product is an A + + I would highly recommend buying this . ** Has a little interference problem sometimes , but the good FAR outweighs the bad with this product ! **
 I thought I was over the edge when I registered for this , but it is without a doubt one of the best things I received . My baby is now 8 months old and it still is one of my favorites . Early on , instead of running into the room every time I would hear a noise , I merely clicked on the monitor and could see what was going on - and check to make sure he was still breathing -LRB- as most new parents do -RRB- . The great thing is that I did n't even have to get out of bed , or worse yet , risk waking him up by going into the nursery . The picture is great and clear even in the middle of the night . The camera is discreet and sits on a shelf above the crib . The only negative is the power cord that runs down the wall from the camera to an electrical outlet . If the quality could remain the same using batteries , then it would be ideal . The camera can be mounted to the wall also with the included hardware . Also , there is a ton of interference around our house . This is the only baby monitor that works in our house , and I have tried many others . Love it !
 I have used this monitor for 3 years and counting and have considered it a lifesaver . I recently bought another one for our 2nd baby so I could watch both children on different channels . I am not so impressed with the new model , the one with blue plastic vs the green -LRB- which is the one we have -RRB- b/c there is no antenna to move around . It has a built in one and I do n't find the reception as good as the older model . I 've driven all around town looking to see if any stores still carry the green one , but no luck so far . Newer is n't always better !
 I have to say I was sceptical about the monitor but let me tell you I use it everyday . I love it . The picture quality is great . You can do what ever you have to and still keep an eye and ear on baby . I can see her clear as day . -LRB- It 's black and white -RRB- But it is so worth the money . My daughter has reflux and sometimes she chockes and this monitor has lets me see and hear her caoughing or spitting up . I am greatful for it . Love it !
 I love this monitor so much ! I am watching my son sleep right now as I play on the computer in another room . I can take the monitor anywhere in the house with me and watch my little one while I cook , take a shower , watch tv ... . I can hear him breathing right now.I only use this during his naps in the daytime , because at night he sleeps with me -LRB- I 'm an attatchment-parenting mama -RRB- . This product gives great peace of mind . I like the fact that , on the few occasions where I did n't have the volume turned up high enough , the little lights lit up when my son made a sound and that caught my eye . I do n't know how I would get anything done while my son sleeps if I just had the old sound monitors . I would be running to check on him all the time . The only problem I have is that if I take the monitor to the complete opposite end of the house from where he is then the picture quality gets a little grainy , but not much . Usually I 'm just a room or two away , and the picture and sound are perfect .
 My husband and I love this monitor . Our daughter is now 19 months and we have used it everyday since she was 4 months . It still works great !!
 My husband and I bought one of these monitors for our daughter . We have used for almost a year now and we love it ! I ca n't imagine not having a video monitor now . When my daughter was having trouble sleeping we could watch her and make sure she was ok . It also meant that we did n't have to keep going in and out of her room checking on her and distrubing her . We have not have any problems with this monitor . One thing you do have to watch though is what channel it is on . Occasionally we get some interference from our cordless phones , but it has not been a big problem . We have recommended this unit to all of our friends that are expecting .
 I absolutely love this monitor ! The security of being able to see my baby is so reassuring ! I mounted the camera over the crib and am able to see and hear everything my child does - so when I hear a noise I 'm not `` guessing '' about what 's going on . I can see if my child 's eyes are open or closed , if a foot or arm is stuck in the bars , or if she 's on her way back to sleep - and I do n't have to stick my head in her room and risk waking her up ! The clarity of the picture is perfect , even in complete darkness , and I have no background noise . I recommend this product to any family - you 'll never go back to a traditional sound monitor again !
 This is a wonderful product , we cant live without it !! I did , however , notice that the base of the cord does get very hot if used quite often but other than that this is wonderful .
 I have a newborn and depend on this monitor like fish depends on water to live . I have the camera set up right above the crib and I can see it all day or night . I get fairly decent reception just about anywhere in the home . Sometimes you have to play with the two channel options to get a better reception . But once you got it . . you got it . I highly recomend a 900 MGHZ system if you have several 2.4 GHZ phones . It will save you some interference . Overall , I would recommend this to anyone with a child that requires some watching .
 Love it ! Love it ! Love it ! It is the BEST GIFT I recieved . We have been using it ever since my son started sleeping in his own room , at night I switch it to audio only and if I hear him cry I turn on the visual to see what is going on . We recently took a trip and forgot to take the system with us , and both my husband and I spent the evenings running up stairs to the bedroom to check on the baby every hour . With the system , we can take the monitor anywhere in the house and we know that we can still have an eye on him . It 's kinda like `` Big Brother '' LOVE it ! I 'm getting this for my best friend 's baby shower so she can enjoy it as much as we do ... THANK YOU FOR inventing this !!!!!!!
 We 've had this for a bit over a year now , and still use it an love it ! We had purchased a more expensive one prior , but our computer and such interefered with the picture , but this one is wonderful ! It can pick up the sound of my baby 's breathing if I want to hear it by turning up the volume . The picture is n't crystal clear , but it really is n't needed to be and I think you would have to pay big money for a TV like picture , and this system is n't big money . I have had no issues with the plug getting hot as stated in other reviews . It 's a wonderful item .
 I have owned this product for 2 years now and I love it . I am now shopping for another monitor as the screen is going out . Our childs room has always been on another floor than our bedroom , and this monitor has always provided peace of mind . It is a good picture and it is wall mountable.I would endorse this product to any new mom .
 I 've been dealing with video monitors to keeps tabs on our autistic son for three years now , and we 've gone through 2 Summer video monitors , each lasting only 1 year . I tried going with another brand using 2.4 MHz technology , but had tons of interference from everything -LRB- fans , a/c , 5.8 MHz phone , etc -RRB- , so went back to Summer . *** Note that each of the currently sold Summer 900 MHz monitor and camera models are not intercompatable *** Their current models 02180 , 02060 , 02090 , and 02100 all `` use different circuitry '' -LRB- according to the manufacturer -RRB- , and ca n't be mixed and matched in your home . -LRB- It would be nice to have two cameras , one table-top monitor for the kitchen , and the handheld monitor for carrying between different areas of the house , hence buying the 02090 and 02180 systems and use them together - but no , they 're not intercompatable - you wo n't be able to see both cameras with both monitors . Go figure . -RRB- Two fundamental facts I 've come to learn about video monitors :1 . Interference is very much house-dependent . There 's no way to predict which system will work in your house and which one will be just a sea of static . It 's like a box of chocolates - you just have to take one and try it .2 . None of these monitors are made very well - based on the reviews -LRB- and my confirmatory experience -RRB- , most of them seem to break in a year or so . So be gentle to them , and turn them off -LRB- or at least turn off the video screen -RRB- when you do n't need it , and just plan on their life being about 1 year . If you get longer , then you 're doing real well . And if your merchant offers you a replacement protection plan , for heaven 's sake buy it!One other note
 First off , I 'd like to clarify that any monitor you buy is going to give you problems if you surround it with other devices operating on the same frequency . For example , my cordless phone is 900Mhz and will cause interference with the monitor if it is within 5-10 feet of the recieving monitor.As long as we keep the phone away , the reception is very good -LRB- through walls , in the yard , etc -RRB- A quick adjustment of the attenna always fixes static.I find it INCREDIBLY helpful to be able to see my son sleeping and as a result , he has learned good sleep habits . I do n't have to run into his room every time he makes a peep . He has actually learned how to calm himself back to sleep without us doing the ` cry it out ' method of sleep training.Often he 'll make noises in his sleep and I know not to go ` help ' him because I can see that his eyes are closed.I think the only thing I might do differently next time is to buy the model with a portable screen -LRB- although I hear that the screen is very small -RRB- . It 's not too taxing to move this one around the house with me though ... All in all , this monitor is great and I recommend it to parents with babies of any age .
 I was iffy about registering for this since I had read so many bad reviews . But I decided to give it a try , and I am glad I did ! The picture quality is n't super-great , but it 's clear enough to see the baby in her crib . The sound works well too , picking up background noise as well as the baby . Lots of people have had issues with the plug getting hot , or with things cracking ... so far , we 've had no problems . Granted , our daughter is only 6 weeks old , but this monitor gets a great deal of use on a daily basis . I keep the tv monitor downstairs while my daughter naps in her crib . I can get tons done without having to run upstairs every time I hear her move . We use regular audio monitors at night since our room is right next to hers , but the video monitor allows me to do what I need to do during the day . The screen is small enough to move from room to room which is nice .
 I got this as a shower gift and used it when my child was a newborn . It worked great only I could not sleep with the brightness of the T.V. . I recently started using it again as my son has learned how to take his pants and diaper off at nap time and I ca n't tell if he 's asleep or taking his diaper off . We also have bible study at our house and set the monitor in the kids room up stairs for the supervising adult to watch . I think it 's definitely worth it and it 's nice not to wonder if they are awake or not while you 're downsatirs you can simply look at the monitor . Also I have never had a problem with static or it not working in any room of my house .
 My wife and I received this monitor as a gift in June of 2003 . The monitor has worked extremely well since we 've owned it . Just this week the TV picture went out . I have gone to the companies ' website and requested information on a replacement monitor . As for some of the interference problems and over heating problems that others have experienced , I can tell you that we have not had any of those problems . we mounted the camera in the corner where ceiling and wall meet . This allows the antenna to run the full length of the wall to the floor . the monitor is located two levels away -LRB- a tri-level home -RRB- and about 12 feet away from our cordless phone , satellite TV , and Stereo equipment . We do have a 900 mhz phone an it does n't seem to have any effect . As for clarity , I suggest that you manage your expectations . Because the distance camera to crib is about 8 feet , and the room is dark , we only care that we can see our son 's outline and not his face . We are able to tell whether he 's laying , sitting , or standing , and whether he is sleeping face up or down . The sound is crystal clear , and we have only repositioned the antennea once or twice .
 I read all the reviews before choosing this video monitor , and we 're very pleased with it . Both or video and sound work well . We really like that we can use it as a video monitor or a sound only monitor , so we did n't have to get an additional sound monitor.We were surprised with the night vision quality . The picture is clear even when the room is all dark , which surprised me . So far , we have had no problems with interferences .
 It is nice to be able to turn of the monitor and see our son . We can tell if he is asleep yet or still awake . The only problem with this monitor his the sound feature . It is very staticy and we turnted it off . We bought the Sony monitor for sound .
 I love this video baby monitor . We never have to get out of bed anymore to see if the baby needs us ... the tv never lies . I ca n't wait until he is older and i can WATCH his every move . It will be like our home version of `` The Real World '' .
 This is the absolute must-have for any new parent . I 'm about to buy my second for baby number two so that each child can have one ! The picture is in black/white , but for the price you can not beat the reception . I 'm not sure why people would have problems with this ... perhaps it has to do w/location . We 're in a big city and have never had a problem with it . It 's the best $ 100 I 've ever spent ... hands down !
 I wanted to get a video monitor since i have a 2 year old and expecting another shortly . I wanted the 2 camera version but we had too much feedback in the sound and video . We purchased this one and the safety 1st to see which one we liked better and we decided to go with this one . The picture is n't as clear as i hoped but i think there is something in my house that is causing the problem . We tried the safety 1st and the picture was very clear in the daytime but at night we could n't even see a thing on the screen . I would recommend this item just because i like knowing what my child is doing in bed when the door is closed .
 I have a two month old and I can use the monitor anywhere in my home !!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 I leave the camera on 7 - 24 . I love it when she is sleeping and playing !! Reception is excellent .
 We could n't live without this monitor . I have used this monitor every day since I brought my son home in March of 2005 . It has been an essential tool in looking after our son . He 's 21/2 years old now and recently made the switch to a twin bed . With a minor adjustment to the camera angle , we are able to observe him in his big bed . When he slept on his tummy at 3.5 moz , this monitor gave me peace as it was necessary to watch him very closely when he could n't roll over . I 've kept it on my desk and night stand , carrying it from room to room , and I plan on purchasing the portable monitor for our new baby who is arriving shortly . I have not experienced any technical difficulties with the monitor with the exception of periodic static if I stand several feet away at a particular angle to it , most likely interferring with the signal somehow . I have never experienced any compromise of the clear picture when it sits near my head on the night stand . I spoke with Summer Infant customer support today at -LRB-800-RRB-268-6237 , to determine if it is compatible with the new hand held color monitor I will be purchasing for our new baby , and they are very helpful . They encouraged me to call them with the number on my original unit , which would allow them to determine compatibility . I purchased the portable monitor for my best friend and she has found it extremely useful over the past 4 months since her daughter was born .
 We bought this for piece of mind when we moved our baby into his own room . We use it every night and it is so much easier than constantly looking in on him . We found the night display to be excellent , although sometimes you can experience a bit of static . The microphone is VERY sensitive and picks up noises in the other rooms , but you can turn it way down if you like . I recommend this to every worried parent . To us , it was money well spent .
 We have loved this monitor . The video quality with the room pitch black has been great ! We barely have to turn the audio up , we can even hear a clock ticking across his room . It has been well worth the cost .
 We got this monitor as a gift from my in-laws , and I absolutely love it ! We live in a small house , but my son 's room is still far enough away that it 's hard to hear him from my bedroom at night . This monitor is so perfect for us . I put the camera above his crib and the monitor right next to my bed , and I can just roll over and see how he 's doing whenever I get one of those panicky-mom moments . I 'd certainly suggest this to any new mom looking for a monitor .
 We purchased this video monitor before our daughter was born , and have used it for all of her 8 months . For the first six months we lived in an apartment and it worked GREAT . But a couple months ago we moved a few states away , into a house , and since then I have not gotten very good receptions , and generally every few seconds we get a little wave of static and a loud noise . I am not sure if it was the move -LRB- although we packed it back in the original packaging -RRB- , or the new area , or what happened . I have not contacted Summer to see if they can remedy this yet , I plan to . I must say , though , that I LOVE having a video monitor , it is definitely one of the best baby purchases we made ! You are able to check on him or her without disturbing his/her sleep , and I plan on using it throughout toddler-hood , to keep on eye on her in her play room ! I am not sure how this one compares to other brands , as I have never used any other brand . I would reccomend this one , just try it out right away in the room you will be using it in , to make sure you can get a good clear signal , or else return it . ** UPDATE 05/2006
 We received this monitor as baby gift and it is wonderful . Our baby is now 8 months old and we have used it faithfully . It is wonderful that we can see and monitor her every move and sound . I would highly recommend this monitor . I have lived in two different houses with is monitor and have not had any problems with interference . I can see us using this monitor for many years to come .
 I love this product . This is our second Baby 's Quiet Sounds Video Monitor we have purchased . Although we do experience some interference it is the best one we 've tried of the several models on the market . I ca n't say enough about the customer service of the company that makes this monitor . Their phone number is on the box and they have stood behind their product more than any company I have every delt with . We had a camera go out and they sent me a replacement at no cost . I would say this is one product that is truely a MUST HAVE for any mom of a little one .
 We bought this monitor a year ago when I started a Family Child Care , it is an excellent way for the children to be able to sleep in a quiet room and I am still able to see them without having to go into the room all the time . Its a great way to keep an eye on 3 children when they are napping . I am currently pregnant and me and my husband want to get another one for our child .
 When our first son was born , we decided to purchase this monitor over all the others available . As first time parents , we were very concerned about SID 's and since it 's impossible to be with your child every moment of the night and day , this monitor was a lifesaver for us . We placed the monitor on our nightstand and the eye is mounted on one of the walls in our son 's nursery . At any time now we can check on him without disturbing him.All you have to do is just click on the monitor and you will see a clear picture of what is happening at any given moment in the nursery . Plus you do n't even have to turn on the picture in order to monitor what your child is doing . Just turn the sound on and if you hear something that you want to investigate , you can then turn on the monitor.For piece of mind and a good night sleep , this is the best money we have every spent .
 This monitor is fantastic . I have a two month old and from the day we brought him home this monitor has brought us a lot of comfort . It is great to not have to go in and check on my baby every second . The monitor is on my night stand and I just roll over in bed and make sure that he is okay in his crib . I can see if and how fussy he is and act accordingly . I would definitely recommend this product !
 I got the Baby 's Quiet Sounds Video Monitor as a baby shower gift . When I registered for it I thought it was silly because we had already registered for the audio monitor . However , my husband `` had to have it '' for the baby so we added it anyway . I got it as a baby gift and thank God I did . My son just turned 13 months and we finally sleep through the night ! He sleeps in his nursery and we sleep in our room because I am able to see that he is only crying and will soon return to sleep . So , I do n't even go in the room . I simply watch on the monitor until he falls asleep again and then I return to sleep . I 'm getting more sleep now than I have in a year !! You need to get this video monitor .
 I WAS EXTREMELY PLEASED HOW FAST I RECIEVED THE VIDEO MONITOR IN THE MAIL , AND THE EXCELLANT CONDITION IT WAS IN . WHEN GIVEN AT THE BABY SHOWER , THE COUPLE WERE DELIGHTED , FOR MANY OF HER FRIENDS HAD ONE , AND THEY WERE TOLD TO PUT THAT ITEM ON THIER BABY REGISTRY , THAT IT WORKED GREAT , AND GAVE THEM PEACE OF MIND , WHEN BABY WAS SLEEPING .
 I have a 19 month old and bought this monitor about 10 months ago . First of all , it 's great to have the peace of mind at 2:00 am that your baby is ok , just a little fussy , instead of having to get up and go into the room , upset baby and open another can of worms . I love it for that !! Now that my son is older , we put the camera down stairs in the playroom . It 's nice to know that if I want to run up stairs for a few minutes , I can see him on the video screen to make sure he is safe . In my opinion , sight is a real peace of mind.I agree that there are times that the screen is fuzzy and it 's hard to see what is on the monitor . However , I just mess with the antenna a little or wait a few seconds and it usually clears up . My thought is , it could be a lot worse.Over all , I am very happy with this monitor and will buy it again in a heartbeat .
 This is a great idea for those of you out there like myself that are super paranoid about their child . The picture can be kind of fuzzy and if you have a celing fan with remote control it can interfere with it . Otherwise its very nice and we use it every night and day .
 Out of all the gifts we received this by far was the best one . Not only can you see your child sleeping , but you can also tell if you REALLY need to get out of bed or will she fall back to sleep on her own . It is a sleep saver . This item will be my gift to all new parents to be .
 My husband insisted on having this monitor , which I thought was completely unnecessary . For the first time since we 've been married , I had to admit I was wrong . Our baby was a preemie , so once he started sleeping in his crib , I was still very worried . This monitor made all the difference ! I feel so at ease being able to see and hear him . I know right away if something is wrong , or if he is just restless . I do n't know what I 'd do without this monitor ... and my husband and I have discussed keeping it in his room until he 's 30 .
 I really love my Summer Video monitor ! I am a first time mother of a 16 month old and it has helped me sleep at night . We did have a bad monitor with the one that was given to us originally but the company stood by their product and sent us a new one which has worked great ! Perfect for the mom or dad who worries !
 I got this monitor two weeks ago . My husband and I love it . It 's great to see how your baby is doing if he 's in his own room and you do n't want to disturb him while sleeping . I sometimes look at the monitor just to see if he 's still breathing -LRB- especially if he sleeps long stretches -RRB- . Recently we let our baby cry a little at night so he learns to fall asleep on his own . It was great to see how close he was to sleeping and it reduced out worries . We have had no problems with it at all yet . I would recommend it to all new moms .
 We debated about the true necessity of having a video monitor , but I have never regretted the decision ! I love that I can check on our daughter without having to go in her room and disturb her , or monitor her as we ride out a rough moment when a parent going to her room would only re-escalate the situation . I had a very difficult time making the transition from bassinet -LRB- in our room -RRB- to crib in her own room , but I was able to lay by the monitor and watch her every move from our room without starting bad habits of our daughter expecting me to be in her room with her . The video monitor has really given me that piece of mind ! My only concern is with the static we experience . I usually turn the sound down at night and leave our doors open so I can hear her , -LRB- our rooms are very close , -RRB- using the video to check on her when I hear a noise .
 We recently bought this monitor to use for our toddler and we LOVE it ! We can see everything she does through the screen , even when it 's dark in her room . The picture is surprisingly clear and makes it very easy for us to see what our daughter is up to .
 I received this item at my baby shower . I had not read any reviews , but thought that it was a silly item . I even thought about returning it , I mean why do I need a tv all i needed was a monitor , but my husband said to try it so we did . My daughter has been sleeping in her own room since she was 2 weeks of age she is now 91/2 months old and the thing is still working both monitor and video . We had to put tin foil around the antenna to help with the static and we sometimes still pick up our neighbors telephone conversations , but all is well . All and all I think that this item is a great item for all parents . I feel alot more safe being able to glace up at the monitor and see that my beautiful baby is okay .
 I was iffy about registering for this since I had read so many bad reviews . But I decided to give it a try , and I am glad I did ! The picture quality is n't super-great , but it 's clear enough to see the baby in her crib . The sound works well too , picking up background noise as well as the baby . Lots of people have had issues with the plug getting hot , or with things cracking ... so far , we 've had no problems . Granted , our daughter is only 6 weeks old , but this monitor gets a great deal of use on a daily basis . I keep the tv monitor downstairs while my daughter naps in her crib . I can get tons done without having to run upstairs every time I hear her move . We use regular audio monitors at night since our room is right next to hers , but the video monitor allows me to do what I need to do during the day . The screen is small enough to move from room to room which is nice .
 We first had another monitor from a different company , it went dead . We love this monitor so far -LRB- knock on wood . -RRB- You never know how these things will go . We could not live without one of these monitors though . If it broke , I would buy another one . We use it that much . In fact , we have a tele . monitor in our bedroom , and bought another monitor for the livingroom . We love it !
 Love this monitor , best gift we received . With the sound only type you never know why they are crying or making noise until you get up and go in . Now I can watch and say `` oh he is only turning his head getting comfortable , or he just rolled over for the first time '' . The reception is great , had to move it a little to make it perfect but it is very clear and the night vision is great . A must have for new parents !
 OK here 's an idea if the static is bothering you . Maybe you should turn it down and use an aditional audio monitor so you can see your baby and hear your baby . Being able to see your baby is priceless .
 After reading the other reviews , I was apprehensive to spend $ 100 on something that would n't work properly . To my surprise , it exceeded my expectations . After moving our 4 month old from our room to hers to sleep in her crib , we found that the monitor had excellent range . Our room is on the opposite side of the house , across the kitchen and living room , and we were still able to get excellent sound and picture . THe picture is so clear you can see her chest rise and fall , and the sound is so good you can hear her shift in the night . I am not sure why some reviewers could n't get reception 5 feet from their baby 's room . Maybe they did n't know the monitor had 2 channels?I recommend this to anyone . I was nervous about being so far away all night , but this monitor gives me peace of mind . In addition , it is lightweight and portable . I take it to the bathroom while I get ready for work and to the computer room while I do work , to the kitchen while I cook , etc. ... A must have for new parents - well worth the money !!
 I received the Safety 1st Safe Glow -LRB- audio -RRB- monitor as a baby shower gift and that works really well , and got the Safety 1st Crystal Clear -LRB- also audio -RRB- monitor as a free gift from amazon.com during a promotion -LRB- have n't used that one yet so could n't tell you how that works -RRB- , but when my daughter was born -LRB- first child -RRB- , I found I wanted more assurance than an audio monitor provided and decided to get a video monitor . The price was , of course , a lot higher than the audio monitors but after using this for several weeks now , I would have paid even more for it . It 's well worth the price.We have an apartment so the video monitor is never more than 20 feet from the camera/sensor , and there 's been no problem with interference . There 's slight buzzing when the volume is turned up high , but I can still hear her clearly with the volume at the lowest setting and ca n't hear the buzzing . The video is completely clear and has no static , even though it 's separated from the camera by several walls and is in the living room , along with a 2-computer wireless internet network , cordless phone and other electronics . This is definitely worth the price and I would recommend it to any new mother .
 This is absolutely a great product ! Our son moves around so much at night and makes little noises . Instead of having to get up everytime and run into his room , we peek at the clear sounding and picture of our monitor and can see that he 's safe . We have had no problems with this and have been using it for 5 months . Highly recommend it !
 We got this as a shower gift and even thought we live in a small ranch house I could n't live without it !! It 's great to be able to look at him without actually going into his room and taking a chance of waking him up . The camera is so clear and even works great in complete darkness ! you can use it with just the tv monitor or turn the tv monitor off and use just the sound or you can turn the sound off but still use the light indicators for noise . this is a must have and if you want a way to check up on your little one without having to enter the room this is the one for you ! Or when they wimper at night you can just look and see that they are fine without always running in their room .
 I 've read every single review here , good and bad , but still elected to beg for one from the future grandparents.The monitor arrived today , surviving the gale-force winds and rains of Ivan . When we got home , I plugged it all up and it works just fine . Maybe solar flares were having negative effects on some of y' all who were having issues with it. :--RRB- -- Jon
 I was n't too sure about this camera/TV combo for only $ 100 but we got it anyway based on a friend 's recommendation . After trying it out I 'm impressed . The first thing you notice when you take it out of the box is the modern iMac design . It sure looks cool . Then you notice that the camera unit and the TV unit both feel solid and well made . But at this point you 're wondering if it will really perform . You look for the on-off switch and find there are two choices , channel A or B . You see the picture for the first time ... it 's not bad ! Then you try out some of the other features . The audio sensitivity is excellent ! The red lights on the TV unit pick up the slightest sound . There is a handy button on the top of the TV unit that turns the video off and on , and when video is off , it works just like an audio-only unit . You try it in the dark and you see a bright , clear picture . The last thing is that we wondered if the camera can be mounted on the wall . There is a mounting hole on the back , and the antenna switches into a vertical position ! Excellent ! The only real improvement would be a larger or a color screen .
 Before our son was born , I had a hard time justifying such a seemingly extravagant monitor . But in those tough recovery days after birth , it was SO nice to be able to peek in on him without lifting my head off the pillow . And now that he 's in his own room , we can see what 's going on , even if he 's not crying yet . The first time we went away for the weekend , we bought those cheap Sound N Lights audio monitors and they were terrible ! You hear so much feedback , and the sound quality is very unclear , so you ca n't even tell what your baby is doing . I would highly recommend a video monitor to all parents-to-be , it 's worth the extra money for your peace of mind .
 I decided to spend the money and buy this monitor when my daughter moved out of our room into her own -LRB- at 3 months old -RRB- . It has been wonderful . Sure , you get a touch of static , but her crying still comes through loud and clear ! Sometimes , you can even hear her clock ticking in the room ! The picture is usually crystal clear . Sometimes there is some interference , for example when I am on the phone , but it typically clears itself up after a minute or so . The peace of mind is well worth the investment . I absolutely love that I can look at my daughter anytime without having to go into her nursery and risk waking her .
 Talk about peace of mind !! I highly recomend this monitor !! We take the monitor everywhere we go around the house . Dad has no more reasons why he cant watch the baby while im gone because he can keep an eye on him even while hes outside . The picture is very clear all the time and the sound is good too .
 While pregnant , I thought a video monitor was overboard , but we received this monitor as a gift . My sweetie is now 26-months-old and we still use the monitor faithfully . My only complaint is that sometimes the picture is clear as a bell and sometimes it 's fuzzy , -LRB- although we live very near an airport -RRB- but still I can keep an eye on him all night and throughout his nap . Especially as an infant , this monitor allowed me to decide whether I really needed to go into the nursery or not . As parents know , once the baby sees you , you 're stuck in there until she/he falls back to sleep ! Not great at 3 a.m. ! I have a pregnant friend and we are purchasing this item for her as well . Good luck to all of you mommys and daddys and congratulations !
 I bought this to buy me some peace of mind . My toddler is very active and I am always wondering what all the noises are on the monitor . I would end up going in and disturbing her sleep . Now when I hear something I just look over to the monitor and she what she 's up to . I does take a little bit of fiddling to get the best angle , but all in all it 's a clear picture and good sound . I read the reviews but have no trouble with this one . She is upstairs and I am downstairs . I love it .
 This monitor is perfect for seeing what your little one is up to . We have a camera in my 11/2 year old 's room as well as in our playroom and it 's like our own little surveilence system ! We still use the regular audio baby monitor -LRB- this one is a bit loud and full of static -RRB- when we are n't closeby and our son is sleeping . As far as the picture quality , I would say it is pretty good for us , but do n't expect to see everything . This is more of tool for getting an idea if the child is laying down , climbing out of bed , etc. . The heat issue - the plug does get a bit warm , but we have n't noticed it being a hazard here . However , this is n't something I keep on all night , just when we need to see what 's going on ... All in all , I would recommend this and am thinking of getting a third camera for our new baby 's room soon .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift and I love having it for peace of mind . When my daughter was a newborn I could take the monitor with me to any part of the house and see her . Now it is in our room and we only turn it on if she wakes in the middle of the night but it is nice to know I can see that she is o.k. . With that being said , the sound is terrible so we do n't use the volume since she is right down the hall anyway , the visual is actually pretty good on ours but it has a horrible bright light so we keep it turned slightly away so we can sleep . We are expecting another baby and will probably buy another camera to watch different rooms .
 With twin babies and a toddler in our house , we were looking for a means to keep an eye on everyone throughout the day . We actually do n't use this to monitor the babies ' sleep , but to watch our toddler playing . We bought the package with two cameras . We currently have one camera set up in the playroom and the other in our family room . The tv monitor is in our home office . Although one channel does n't work at all for us , the other two channels work nearly perfectly with little interferance . The only issue is when we use the office phone , which is 900 mhz and is right next to the monitor . Other than that , we have no problems . The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is I wish the camera had a wider view . Still , I can see enough of the rooms to get an idea of what 's going on and I can hear what I ca n't see . I feel much better now knowing that everyone is safe while I 'm in the office working .
 I love my video monitor ! I am very pleased with the picture and sound quality . We have had no problems with this product . I was a little scared to go with this brand of monitor after reading other reviews ... You ca n't beat the price so I went for it & have been very happy . This is a must have in my book ! I feel so safe knowing that I can see & Hear my baby sleeping . I can feel secure that he is not caught up in the blankets or in any danger . No more running into his room due to worry when it 's just a little cry from gas - then quickly back to sleep.I also do n't have to miss those sweet coo 's and baby babbles that I loved hearing when he was in our room.Give it a chance ... It 's a great product & a comfort to have !
 We just received this monitor , and it works quite well in our small house . The black and white picture , while not DVD-quality video is certainly adequate to see the baby . The monitor itself is small and light . The camera has a built-in infra-red LED light bank and allows you to see the baby in complete darkness . The audio , however , does have a buzz to it which is why I have taken off one star .
 I do n't know what we 'd do without this . Everytime that my daughter goes down for a nap , I turn on the monitor and close her door . I can see her and hear her , so there 's no need to tip-toe into her room hoping that I do n't wake her up . We keep the monitor in the family room where we spend most of our time , but it 's easy to pick up and plug in anywhere in the house - and even on the back patio . I have n't had any trouble with reception .
 When deciding on a monitor for our baby we thought that the video monitor seemed to be the best idea . We are so happy we choose this monitor ! Not only is the sound and the picture quality wonderful but the range is great as well . We have our 's in our rec room in the basement and we can see our son sleeping two floors above us ! It 's so nice to actually be able to see what he is doing so we do n't rush up and down the stairs just to find him playing . This is a wonderful registry idea , i highly reccomend it !
 Our daughter is 13 months now and I still love this monitor . I can go to bed in peace when I can see her sleeping so sound .
 I got this monitor at my baby shower and love it ! I have twin 2month olds who were born 2 months prematurely . It 's great to be able to look at the screen when we hear a cough or cry to see what the babies are doing rather than getting out of bed all the time . -LRB- like we did the first night they were home -RRB- The `` snooze '' button on top is nice for light sensitive sleepers . The screen can be very bright in a dark room , so it is nice to be able to turn off the screen while you 're sleeping but turn it right back on if you hear something . I did take away one star because sometimes the picture on the screen will go a bit scrambled due to static , but that goes away in a few moments . I would definetly recommend this monitor to those whose babies wo n't be sleeping in the same room , especially if your babies have health complications or concerns like prematurity .
 With this affordable , durable monitor , not sure why anyone would be without it ! My son is 14 months old and I STILL use it to see what he 's up to when he is napping . If I hear him , I do n't have to rush in if I look on the monitor and see him playing happily in his crib talking to himself . Of course , when he was younger , this monitor was a lifesaver in the middle of the night . I could look to make sure his face was not down -LRB- in a SIDs position -RRB- and I could see if he was uncovered or whatever the situation may be so that I could make a decision about whether or not to go into his room . Love this thing . Hope to use it for many years as my son starts to play in his room alone when he 's older . I can always check on him !
 I have been through multiple monitors and this one is the best . I love being able to see my baby and to know if he is really awake and needs me or if he is just getting himself back to sleep . It gets good reception , which is really dependent upon the area that you live in . The picture quality is great . I would definitely recommend this monitor .
 Best $ $ we 've spent so far on our daughter . I was worried the picture would n't be clear because it 's in black and white , but the picture is excellent ! You can tell if her eyes are open or closed , even if her pacifier is still in her mouth . There is a little bit of white noise , but after the 1st few nights you tone it right out . The speakers pick up every noise our daughter makes , so you do n't have to crank the volume . Highly recommend this monitor , it 's well worth the $ 100 .
 This monitor has been a lifesaver for me ! I should say a sleep-saver ! As a first time mom , I would run into my daughter 's room in the middle of the night numerous times when I heard any noise on her audio monitor . We finally bought this monitor , and it is absolutely wonderful . The picture and sound are great , and now I can see exactly what 's going on . We are very happy with this product , and would recommend it to everyone .
 We have used this monitor since our son was 3 months old until present -LRB- 15 mos . old -RRB- and never had a problem . We put it in our bedroom at night and move it to the living room during the day . It does not take 2 people to adjust it , as someone else wrote in their review . We just pick the monitor up and plug it in the wall in the next room and it works perfectly . We 've never had any static problems with it , either . I highly recommend this monitor .
 I love being able to watch my son while he is sleeping . I 'm a first time mom and I was worried that I would be going in and out of his room to make sure he was breathing all night . We have n't had any problems with the picture being fuzzy . We did on one of the channels , but on the other the sound and picture is very clear . When we 're on the phone , sometimes the person on the other end is broadcast through the monitor . We even recently broke the top of the antenna off and it still works . My husband gets a little concerned about the plugs getting warm , so we make sure when were not using the monitor , it 's not plugged in . The only complaint we have had is that there is some background noise -LRB- a low static hum -RRB- all the time . It does n't ' bother me as much as my husband , so oh well .
 I love this baby monitor . I am so happy we decided to go with the tv version . It 's a great comfort to see the baby in the crib . I have n't had any trouble with it and the picure is clear .
 I just wanted to toss my two cents in . We bought this monitor with caution , due to some bad reviews . I think I figured out why some love it and some do n't . If you have a cordless phone in your home that are on the same frequency as this monitor , you will get major static . We happen to have 2.4 ghz cordless phone and it seems to be just fine for us . We did bring this monitor to my in laws vacation home and found that the cordless phone they had was on the 900 mhz frequency , the same as the monitor and we had lot of static . So maybe this is the problem others are having . I hope this will help those who are cautious to buying this monitor , it really does work .
 When I was pregnant with my daughter we bought a sounds only monitor . however , when she was born we found out she had a rare syndrome that casused airway obstruction and she needed to have a tracheostomy , knowing that we were n't going to be able to hear her cry because of the trach , our friends bought us the video monitor so we could see if she was crying by movement . the picture is clear and it picks up every noise in the room . It gave us great piece of mind . we love it !!!
 I bought this for my daughter . She loves it . My second daughter wants one too . It nice to be able to check on baby when baby makes sounds especially at night .
 I love this monitor . It gave me such peace of mind with my daughter , being able to see and hear her when she was alone in her room at night . I 've had no problems with the quality of the picture . It 's worked wonderfully for me since day 1 .
 We bough this when my son was 13 months old and we had to get him out of our bed : -0 It has exceeded my expectations . I have very little interference -LRB- if any -RRB- . It is great to just look over and see if he is standing up and ready to get up ... or just kinda stirring . GREAT for when he is sick . AND . . we anticipate that it will be great for when we move him out of the crib.I have heard of a few people who had problems , but both the company and Babies R Us will exchange it no problem .
 I just got this monitor as a shower gift . This is my third child and this monitor is by far the absolute best thing I 've ever owned to help with little babies.I 've purchased an extra camera so I can watch both kids rooms on the same monitor . The reception is great even though I am on the second floor and the kids are on the first floor . I 've experienced no interference and great picture quality . How did I ever do without it ?
 My daughter is 7 weeks old and has had reflux since she was 3 weeks old . Since then I would not let her out of my sight because of the gagging , afraid she would choke . I had her with me in my bed until everyone started giving me hard time . So after long agonizing over it I decided to bite the bullet and put her in her bed , at first just for some afternoon naps . Now she is in her bed at night thanks to this monitor . I do not know what I ever did without it . It has a clear picture and I carry her from room to room with me on the TV . Now we are both in our own beds and I have the same peace of mind as if she was in the bed with me . A must have for all moms who also do n't want to leave their baby alone .
 There is no need for any other monitor but this one . It is definitely worth the investment . This monitor is very sound sensitive , we can hear our baby breathe in the middle of the night , and that makes all the difference in how I sleep ! Our sons nursery is all the way across the house so I can wake up at anytime and watch and hear what he is doing . I highly recommend this product !
 My son just turned one year old , and we have been using this monitor since he was born . The sound is great -LRB- we usually never set the volume higher than 4 , but it goes much higher than that -RRB- , and the video is usually clear less some interference at times -LRB- minimal -RRB- . We now have the camera mounted on the wall in his room , and the monitor in our room . The only down fall is that you ca n't clip it to your belt and wander around the house or outside ... which is why we also have a SafetyFirst sound-only monitor .
 A friend sent us this monitor , insisting it was the best one out there . I thought it was a little over-the-top with the video - but after using it for one day , the peace of mind it brought to two very nervous new parents erased any doubts about the product . An absolute must-have !
 Absolutely highly recommend this product . We had the regular monitors in our daughters room and I was always worried if her face was covered with her blanket . I would then enter her room to check on her and wake her up accidentally ... UGH ! This monitor is so clear at night the infra-red makes her look like a little cast-a-way from the Survivor show . Now at 8 months I still watch her especially when she cries , I know if she can work it out on her own , or if I need to intervene . The only draw back is the montior works with the 12 volt plug in , not with batteries , therefore making portability difficult . If you worry about SIDS , get this monitor , you will sleep better !
 I registered for this monitor when I was pregnant with my son -LRB- 17 months ago -RRB- . I thought the Safety First would be better because it was more expensive , but I did not want to be greedy so I chose this one . I recieved it and set it up immediately . It was a little frustrating to set up because we had to keep adjusting the camera to get a good view of the crib . We also realized that if you get some interference to move the monitor around . It would work fine on one side of my room and not on the other . After finding the right spot I never had problems again.After my son moved downstairs to his bedroom I was a nervous wreck . This monitor helped me sleep through the night . I loved the fact that I could turn off the screen , but still had the sound . When the monitor screen is on it can light up the whole room , so if I had to keep it on at night I would have never be able to sleep . Any time he cried all I had to do was to hit the button on the top of the monitor and I could instantly see what was going on . It saved me many trips up and down the steps to check on him . I was even able to see if his eyes were open or not.At first I thought that the static on the sound was a little loud , so I borrowed my friend 's safety first to try it out . I could not wait to return it to her !! It was so loud that I could not imagine sleeping with that on at night . I tried moving it all around as I had done with the Summer , but it did not make a difference.I used it for my son until my daughter was born 31/2 months ago , then she took over the nursery . I just started using it for her now that she has moved out of my room , and I have had no problems with it . I have not had any part break.I would definately recommend this monitor to any one . It can give you peace of mind . I only wish that they made a second model that worked on a different frequency so I could also buy one for my son 's new room . I have a sound monitor in his room , but I miss being able to see what he is doing without leaving my bed.It is definately a great monitor for the money . I am glad that I decided not to be greedy !! If you buy it and are not pleased with it right away , just try playing around with the placement of the video monitor ; it might just work out for you .
 This is the best monitor - better than the regular monitors and than the angelcare monitor . You can see and hear your baby . The bad rewiews I read are from people who do n't use commom sense . To set up your camera - have the monitor in the room with you so you can see what the camera is seeing - then take it to where you want to view your baby . You do n't have to go back and forth 100 times . The reception is clear -- if it is n't -- change the channel . If there is feedback from the speaker - the volume is too high . The many problems people have are easily solved if you use your brain . I ca n't believe this monitor is n't reviewed at 5 stars across the board . I give it my 2 thumbs up and take comfort that I can see my baby is sleeping safe .
 I wish I had gotten one of these sooner ! My daughter is 13 months and we just got this a few months ago . My husband thought it was a ridiculous purchase at first but now he loves it . You can even see your baby perfectly at night . We have n't had any problems with the sound , the picture , or with overheating . Everyone that comes over thinks its the coolest thing and want to get one for their baby . Highly recommended !
 I received this monitor for my baby shower . My baby is now 5 weeks old and has slept in his nursery for the 3rd night . I feel so comfortable about putting him to bed because I have this video monitor . I am able to watch him and tell if he is awake or sleeping before going into his nursery . It is also very comforting with pets to make sure that none of them jump into the crib with him . The picture and reception are very clear . I recommend this as a must have for any new mom !
 We originally purchased a Saftey First monitor and it broke w/in 6 mo ! The picture was terrible and at night we could not see him . However , this monitor is wonderful ! I can hear him moving on the sheets the sound is so clear -LRB- while on our 900 MHZ phone we do need to turn down the volume and the picture will fuzz -RRB- and the picture is just as clear at night . The light will brighten up the room at night but the snooze is an easy fix . I like the fact that the picture is crisp and from steps away I can see his eyes blinking . This is a must buy not only is it less than the saftey first but better . I also like the fact that pieces can be replaced or added . When we have our second child we will only need to purchase a new camera . As a first time mom I was jumping at every noise and used to put my face up to the saftey first to see what he was doing and now I do n't ! Yes , I see his paci !!!
 I love this monitor . It is true that the picture is not 100 % clear but I 've tried other TV monitors and the picture is the same on all of them-just the way they are made I guess . I honestly could not sleep w/o this product . I have a 2 level home and the baby sleeps upstairs while we are downstairs . I put her in her crib at 5 weeks and was only comfortable doing so because of this monitor . The most important thing to me is that I can see her breathing-you do n't need a perfect picture for that . It 's really wonderful-especially for nervous 1st time Moms -
 It helps the worried mom 's and dad 's get the peace of mind they need . It works great even with the lights out .
 I got this video monitor as a baby shower gift . This was the best gift ever . 21 months later , the video stopped working . However , we left it on 24/7 since her birth so it 's no wonder . The sound still works perfectly tho . I would highly recommend this video monitor . Off to buy another one .
 We moved into a two-story home , and this really saves me the 500 trips up the stairs at night . The sound is great , and you do n't get that bad feedback sound like with other models . Also , the picture is GREAT !
 Now , when I say it 's worth the money , I bought this with a gift certificate , so I really did n't spend my money , but I sure would n't regret it if I had spent my money ! I am so thrilled I can look at my baby any time without having to sneak into the nursery and risk waking her ! We got her ears pierced and when she turns her head just right , you can even see the earrings sparkle from the reflection of the night light ! I can tell if her eyes are open or closed , the picture is so clear ! And the sound is great . I highly recommend this item !
 Truthfully , I hated the part of being pregant that was getting all kinds of advice . I promised myself not to be like that after I had my baby . However , I ca n't pass up the opportunity to REALLY SUGGEST getting THIS video monitor . It is so nice to be able to look at the baby without taking the chace of disturbing him . When he was first born it made me feel like I was with him - even thought I was not . On the very practical side - We love it so much in our 2 bedroom condo , I can only imagine the peace of mind in a house . It is especially nice now that he is rolling because I can see if he has rolled into a corner or has his face covered by a blanket . My friend still uses hers with her 4 year old to see what she is doing while playing in her room . She has a second one for her 2 year old . It is not that much more than a regular one and worth EVERY penny .
 This is a great buy for those who work at home and want to keep an eye on their little one . I got this for my husband who works out of the garage using loud power tools . He is able to look over at the monitor to check on the baby , rather than rely only on the sound . It is also nice at night , so you can watch the baby sleep . Highly recommended !!
 This monitor is the BEST ! I had the Child View one for $ 150 and it stunk . This monitor is $ 50 less and works TERIFFIC ! The picture is clear and the sound is great ! Could n't live without this monitor . Spend the money , it 's worth it and enjoy .
 we bought this monitor when our daughter transfered from our bedroom to her crib . VERY easy to set up and both the picture quality and sound reception are excellent . the picture is so clear that I can see her breathing . we have wireless and three cordless phones and have no interference with the picture quality . highly recommend !
 Brilliant!Fabulous!I had researched all baby monitors and was reluctant to buy this one because of the possibility of interference . -LRB- We have a cordless phone -RRB- I bought it for my daughter and soninlaw for their new addition to the family.Within 2 seconds of receiving it we had it up and running and the video and sound are fantastic!Well done !!
 We received this monitor as a gift and I 'm convinced we could n't live without it ! The picture is so clear , and it is easy to carry the monitor around the house.I am commenting on the exceptional customer service I received from the manufacturer . Our picture went out on our monitor after 9 months . The manufacturer responded to my email within 1 hour and within 2 weeks had shipped us a brand new replacement . They were so courteous and responsive . I highly recommend this product !!
 This monitor is the only way I can get any sleep at night . My daughters room is on the first floor and our bedroom is on the second floor . I feel like I am so far away from her , but with the baby 's quiet sound video monitor I feel like she is right next to me . I can check on her without going up and down the stairs and waking her up throughout the night .
 This video monitor gave us such peace of mind when we brought our son home from the hospital . Our camera is on the wall looking down on the crib and I have a great view of Sean . It helps figure out the different cries in those first few weeks
 I was a little scared this monitor would break but it turned out to be my best buy . I can not only hear my baby on the monitor but also see her on a mini screen in black and white . It works great I feel good not having to jump out of bed everytime she cries this way I just roll over and look at the screen . A new parent will love this .
 I have 2 kids , both under the age of 2 and I have video monitors on both of them . My daughter has the Safety First Monitor -LRB- ... -RRB- and my son has the Summer Infant Monitor -LRB- ... -RRB- and the Summer Infant monitor , by far , is much better than the Safety First Monitor . The picture is so much clearer and I get absolutely no outside interference . With the Safety First Monitor , my microwave , my cordless phone , and even my next door neighbors cordless phone often interfere 's with the signal . Not to mention , we had to replace that monitor 4 times in the past 2 years because either the picture or the sound died . The Summer Infant Monitor has lasted us , so far , 7 months -LRB- my son 's age -RRB- w/o a problem and w / absolutely no interference . It 's cheaper and a much better quality . The camera is easy to mount on a wall , and the monitor is lightweight w / a very clear picture and great sound reception . Video monitors give me peace of mind , knowing that I could go anywhere in my house , or even outside and still be able to keep an eye on my kids while they 're sleeping at night . I think they 're a must for first time parents ! You 'll sleep better at night knowing that you can just roll over , glance at the monitor , and know that your child is ok , w/o having to get out of bed 10 times a night those first couple of weeks to check on them , or lay a hand on their little chests to make sure they 're still breathing , when they 're sleeping in their own rooms .
 Had a safety 1st moinitor for three years until it accidently fell and broke , went shopping for new monitor and bought this model because of the cheaper price , and it is so much better than safety 1st . With the safety first model I was NEVER able to use the sound because of way too much static , but this model has EXCELLENT sound and picture . Thank you so much for the great product , and the cheaper price .
 I bought this product , at the time my dgter was 4 mos and getting ready to transition her to big crib upstairs . I had the sound monitor , but being a first time mom , really did n't feel it was enough . So , I searched for a monitor like this , but had seen the prices ... then this little reasonable item appeared . Fantastic . Easy to install and use . Picture crystal clear with little fuss , and the sound , well it picks up the small clock that ticks very quietly , across her bedroom . Easy to click screen on with its snooze like button . Aside from being able to monitor her movements , it is wonderful in helping you assess when one needs to actually go in and rescue the darlings from crying , etc. . Which , with this product I do n't have too very often -LRB- maybe 3 times , and now she is 6 + months -RRB- because she may be crying , but I can now watch her and see her soothing her self , which I could n't behind a closed door with a sound monitor only . Also , I quicky assessed her sleeping patterns , and movements , which helped me to change her bumpers , and blanket use , to match her style , avoiding SIDS risk factors and her frustruation level . So , this is wonderful , as it really has made transition to big crib easy -LRB- on her and us -RRB- and she is a great sleeper without me overacting . This is well worth the $ $ and really does give you peace of mind , and I see it being a help in the years to come ...
 I had purchased another video monitor from Babies R Us but had a signal conflict with my 2.4 ghz phone system . I contacted Summer Infant proucts and they responded quickly letting me know that i would not have any problems with this system . Two unit s are very similar and seem , to work as well as each other . This unit does not get any interference from my phone system . For the price which is 1/3 less , this seems the way to go . We are very satisfied .
 We went ahead and splurged on this monitor and it was worth every penny ! My baby is 3 months old now and it has given us peace of mind since he was born . You can use the monitor with sound , or just use the sound without the monitor . At first , we slept with the monitor on -LRB- which is fairly bright ! -RRB- , but after a couple of days , we turned the monitor off at night and just slept with the sound on . This way , when we heard the baby crying or stirring , you could turn the monitor on and see what he was up to without getting out of bed . We were amazed at how clear the picture was , both with normal lighting and at night with infrared.It 's also light and easy to move , so when we changed rooms , the monitor came with us . We have not encountered much static and the sound is very clear . One time , I was even able to detect and correct a toilet running in the bathroom next to the baby 's room!I would definetly recommend this monitor , especially to first time parents who want peace of mind !
 Camera is 40 feet away from the monitor and the picture and sounds are clear . The product was completely plug and play . Our camera is located approx . 3 feet above the crib and I can see his entire body as well as am able to listen to his breathing , although there is more background noise than my Fisher Price sound monitor.It would be nice if the picture had a little more detail , but for the cost it is hard to argue this point.It may help that my cordless phones are on 2.4 ghz instead of 900mhz , this maybe one of the reasons others have had poor reception.I recommend the product as this has allowed my wife and I a greater level of comfort since we moved our baby into his room . Sound monitors alone are great , but now when my son makes an odd noise , we can just look over and see that he is fine and there is no need to go running down the hall to verify .
 I 've been looking for the best monitor out there for me and the Summer monitor is the one . This is a much better monitor than the Safety 1st and it 's alot cheaper ! I had to return the Safety 1st monitor since it did n't work out for me . There is too much interference!However , this Summer monitor really works for me . I have three 900MHZ phones , three computers , and alot of other stuff going on in my house and the picture is very clear most of the time . Of course , I do get interference only when I use the phone right next to the monitor -LRB- because of the similar frequency -RRB- but once I move the phone further away , the picture is clear again . Just imagine how perfect it would be if I upgrade my phone -LRB- it 's time that I do -RRB- . The only negative thing is that the picture does get a little less clear at night but this is not a big problem . The picture still looks good and most monitors get less clearer at night . I live in a two-story house and I can still see my daughter downstairs when I 'm cooking . I can hear her really good too , over all the other noises around her.Overall , this is a great monitor and I am very satisfied with its performance . The picture is clear most of the time anywhere in my house . If I did n't have the 900MHZ phones , the clarity will be perfect . All I know if that the Safety 1st monitor should 've been better for me because of the higher frequency but it was n't . This Summer monitor is alot better even with the similar frequency of the phones I have . That just says how great this monitor is-BETTER & CHEAPER TOO !
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT WHEN MY BABY WAS 10 MONTHS OLD.I FELT THAT THE VOICE ACTIVATED WAS GOOD ENOUGH . BOY , DO I REGRET NOT BUYING THIS PRODUCT SOONER.AFTER MY BABY HAVING A FEBRILE SEIZURE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT . I FEEL SO MUCH SAFER KNOWING THAT I CAN WAKE UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT AND TAKE A PEEK AT THE MONITOR AND SEE HER SO CLEARLY . THIS MONITOR DOES NOT HAVE THE T.V. OPTION LIKE THE SAFETY 1ST ONE . BUT , DOES HAVE AN OPTION FOR THE VOICE MONITOR OR T.V. MONITOR . I HAVE A 2 STORY HOME AND HAVE GREAT RECEPTION INSIDE AND OUTSIDE OF MY HOME . I WOULD REALLY STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE . I WOULD HAVE HER SLEEP WITH US BUT , SHE SLEEPS LIKE A CLOCK AND THIS IS THE NEXT BEST THING I FEEL !!!
 I can honestly say this is so far the best video monitor out there . I tried the safety 1st monitor which is more expensive and had no luck . I could not get a clear picture . I tried exchanging it for another one and still the had the same problem ... to much static ! Well I decided to try out this new product and absolutely love it . It has no interference I get a clear picture and best of it all is I do n't hear any static . Its very quiet ! Another great thing about it , is the the way you turn on and off the video screen while its still on ... its like a snooze button . ITS JUST GREAT ! I see my baby at all times and any little noise lets me hear and see it . Another good thing is the way the camera comes , you can place it anywhere ! I am sure if you get this product you will love it and its so much cheaper .
 This is by far the best purchase I have made for my baby . I thought I was being frivolus at first because of the cost , but it was well worth the money . It has saved my piece of mind knowing I can click a button and see right into my son 's crib . The camera is very easy to mount , and works very well in complete darkness . I can see my son 's face very clearly and tell if his eyes are open , it 's like he is right next to me . The best feature is that it works like a regular monitor and you have the option of turning the video screen on and off so you do n't have the brightness of the screen bothering you while you sleep . This product will help a great deal when my son starts trying to get out of the crib - I can catch him in the act without being in the room ! From now on I will buy this product for every baby shower I go to ! -LRB- I 'll just have someone go in on it with me . -RRB-
 When we can get good reception , which is spotty at best , it 's fantastic . The clarity of picture , even when the nursery is pitch black , is amazing . The camera is small and manuverable enough to put anywhere and the whole unit is light and easily moved from room to room . The only trouble with it is the unreliable reception . Sometimes it 's perfect , sometimes it 's horrendous , and most of the time it 's somewhere in between . Still , we bought it for our second child and wish we 'd had it for our first . You do n't rush in to the nursery with each and every noise - instead you can see what 's happening without disturbing the baby , which is good for everyone .
 We had a premature baby who was on a heart monitor for the first three months he was home , so this monitor was something we really really needed to come through for us . 17 months later , it is still going and we rely on it every day . Its a tool that simply works the way it is supposed to . Someone else said it was a piece of junk ? Well , it is plastic and lightweight , but after being dropped about six times , its still going . Try that with your TV ! This is an absolutely first rate product , and we just bought another one for our second baby that is on the way . My wife and I do n't know how everyone does n't buy one of these ; we ca n't imagine not having it .
 We had read some negative reviews about this monitor , but our experience has been quite positive . We bought the model that comes with two cameras . The image from both cameras is clear , even though we live in a three-story house . The only minuses
 Our son is now 7 months old and has been sleeping in his own room for the past three . My husband and I ca n't figure out why we did n't buy this monitor sooner . Until we bought it , we were up at least three times a night checking up on him , and I ca n't count how many times he has woken up with even the slightest footstep or creak of the door I 've made on my way in or out of his room . For the first time in a LONG time , I was able to sleep through the night . The on/off button on the top of the monitor is great , no searching for switches in the middle of the night . Just a quick tap of the button and there 's baby : -RRB- We also have every wireless gadget known to man running in our house , and still no interference with the Quiet Sounds Monitor . The picture is great , and there 's tons less static than the past two monitors we 've tried . Even if the picture was bad , which it definitely is not , I feel that seeing my child even a little is better than not seeing him at all . Being first time parents , it offers peace of mind and a good night 's sleep , not to mention a great opportunity to watch your little one in his most tranquil moment : -RRB-
 I tried the Safety 1st monitor system and was not pleased so I decided to give this one a try . The picutre resolution is not as good as its competitor but the picture does not flicker as it did with the other product . The sound is great and it does not interfere with my 900mHz telephone .
 I thought the picture and sound of this video monitor were great . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is thinking of buying it . I now feel much more at ease putting my 2 month old in her own room for the night . The picture is so clear I can see my baby smile and the sound is better than an of the baby monitors we tried . Thanks to the reviews I read it helped me make the right decision in buying this product !!!
 Our daughter has Epilepsy and sometimes has trouble breathing during a seizure . I bought this product to help us keep tabs on her at night so we know when she needs help . Up to this point , she was sleeping in our bed with us . The picture is crisp even in low light and does n't interfere with our cordless phone or wireless network . Now we will all get a better night 's sleep .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift . We started using it just a week or so after we brought our daughter home from the hospital -LRB- she is now 5 weeks old -RRB- . Both the video and sound features work great . I can hear her breathing at night while she is sleeping in her crib and when I need that extra reassurance I can turn the video monitor on for a brief moment . I get good reception even living close to shopping malls and an airport . I would recommend this monitor to all parents .
 I had purchased another video monitor from Babies R Us but had a signal conflict with my 2.4 ghz phone system . I contacted Summer Infant proucts and they responded quickly letting me know that i would not have any problems with this system . Two unit s are very similar and seem , to work as well as each other . This unit does not get any interference from my phone system . For the price which is 1/3 less , this seems the way to go . We are very satisfied .
 I already had a monitor but I really wanted a video monitor . I have a six month old that rolls all over in her crib and this would allow me to check on her without going in and disturbing her . After I read some of the reviews and talked to some people on my birth club board I decided I 'd try this out . I bought it at Toy R Us knowing they have a good return policy just in case . Well , brought it home , hooked it up , and I think it 's amazing ! The picture is incredible , even in pitch black ! I will say that the sound get 's screachy if you turn it up to high , but that 's not what I bought it for . I bought if for the video image and it 's awesome . I 'd say try it out and if it does n't work for you then you can always take it back .
 As a first time mom I can say that this monitor is a MUST have . I was constantly running to where he was because I was worried something might happen . With this monitor I can sit quietly at my desk/couch/etc . and just glance over and see him . I live in a rather large 3 story home and I 've had no problems with reception what so ever . I would recommend this monitor to anyone .
 This monitor works very well . The night vision allows you to see a good distance very clearly . What I was really impressed with as well was the customer service . The adapter for our monitor cracked so I called Summer Infant and asked them how I could get a replacement . They sent me one without question and without charge . Highly recommended . If you need more info their website is www.summerinfant.com .
 we just purchased this product after using the safety first video monitor for 18 months . this monitor is great no interference from the microwave or from the cordless phone . with the safety first monitor we couldnt use the microwave while using the monitor the picture would get all fuzzy and the sound was horrible . I highly recommend this monitor . we are expecting another addition to our family in september and i will be buying another for the new baby .
 we registered for this monitor and got it as a shower gift . at 6 months , we still love it , and are looking forward to using it as she grows . We use it in conjunction with a two-way audio monitor , so i do n't use the sound on it at all . The picture made it easier for us to let her teach herself to fall asleep , without worrying that she was in danger or had pulled a blanket over her head . Its not the best picture in the world , but we have 3 cordless phones in our 2 story house and everything works fine . I 'm VERY glad to have this .
 We are able to keep an electronic eye on the baby when necessary ... the audio and video are great !
 We bought this monitor for our second child , and it has brought so much peace of mind . Because she has rather healthy lungs , I do n't usually keep the sound on very high , but I love the video ! We keep our monitor in a central part of our downstairs living area , and the camera is mounted to the wall -LRB- very easy to do -RRB- above our daughters crib . I love being able to see how soundly she is sleeping without sneaking up on her , and almost waking her up . I wish I could see a bit more detail , like getting it close enough to see her chest moving up and down as she breathes , or that the sound was crisp enough to hear her breathing , but I 'm comfortable enough watching her move in her sleep as reassurance.This monitor has helped me relax immensely as a parent .
 What a great idea this was ! It has saved my husband and I many , many trips into our daughter 's room to check on her . It 's such a wonderful gift to be able to keep an eye on her while she 's sleeping and playing in her crib . I ca n't imagine being without it ! The ability of turning off the video portion and leaving only the audio on works well at night for those who may have trouble sleeping with the glow of the monitor . The sound is very sensitive , and can even pick up the slight sound of her breathing ... a very important factor for those of us `` new '' parents!The unit is very easy to install ... the most difficult part is finding the perfect spot in which to place the camera . The monitor unit goes whereever you are , and is small enough to fit anywhere!We love it !!
 Our master bedroom is on the main floor of our home while our son sleeps upstairs . During his first two months , he slept beside me in his bassinet . I would practically sleep with my hand in the bassinet . Many nights I would sleep sitting up with the baby in my arms . When we decided to move him upstairs , we purchased the Summer Video Monitor to supplement the audio monitor that we already had . That was the best decision ever . Although the picture is not crystal clear , we are able to see if he is awake or we can watch his little stomach rise and fall as he breathes . Also , the audio component is so sensitive that we can hear the slightest change in his breathing pattern . We no longer need the other monitor . I definitely recommend this product to others .
 Bought this when our baby daughter refused to sleep in her crib -LRB- ever -RRB- . Needed to see her waking in our bed , so we bought this . It 's been wonderful . The picture is fine for a black & white monitor . Audio is fine , too . I have absolutely no problem with our monitor whatsoever . I would definitely recommend this to others . It is also less expensive than the other manufacturers . We 've had it for over a year now , and I expect we 'll continue to use it even after she 's older -LRB- to monitor the kids playing in a basement play room when we get that done -RRB- .
 My husband and I love this monitor . We actually requested it on our baby shower list despite a few negative comments about its clarity . My daughter 's room is about 50-60 feet away from our room and the monitor works wonderfully . We just felt secure having the monitor in our room and also being able to see her chest rise and fall rather than those simple sound baby monitor . We can also adjust the brightness and contrast at night so it would not bother us while we sleep and we were still able to see and hear her movements -LRB- A GREAT PLUS !!! -RRB- . I can easily check how she is doing without having to go to her room and disturbing her.The clarity will diminish as the distance gets farther , it 's not a HDTV baby monitor ! Only problem is that we have an old cordless vtech phone and when we receive a call it interferes with the monitor . Overall , it 's an excellent baby video monitor for the price . We prefer it over the sound monitor !!!
 We registered for this item and received it as a shower gift . The monitor works wonderfully for a sound monitor and a visual monitor . We live in an apartment complex and there is no interference . The night vision allows you to view the baby just as if the lights were on in the room . The monitor picks up on the slightest sounds even at a low volume setting . We would highly recommend this product .
 I dont know how I survived without this monitor with my first child !!! It is so nice to have a constant view of my new baby , rather than just hear her . I had a regular monitor with my first child and it seemed with her every cry i was going to check on her to see what she was doing . With the video monitor I can rest more peacefully knowing i can see her at anytime without having to go into her room . What a reassuring feeling!I recomend this monitor to anyone with a baby or small child . This was my favorite shower gift . I probably wouldnt have bought it myself , because it is a hundred dollars . but I rate it as my most valualble baby product . I just cant say enough !!!
 I am one of those `` psycho '' first moms that just held on till the bitter end with the basinett . I was the only one not sleeping well my sons first night in his crib . So we went out and got this monitor and I am VERY happy with it . I keep the tv on it 's side so I can see my son laying upright and not sideways and I keep it right by my bed . If I want to see him I just push the button and there he is . It is so clear I can see his smiles and depending on what color his pjs are I can see his chest move when he breathes . :--RRB- The monitor is SO good I can hear him breathing !! If I were to be nit-picky I would have to say it picks up a little to much . If someone is to loud outside you can hear it on the monitor OR if a car drives by . BUT all I wanted was to hear him breathe and see what he was doing if he cried . I think this item is worth EVERY penny for the piece of mind it gives me . Now he can sleep comfortably in his bed and even through I ca n't roll over and touch him in the middle of the night I have the next best thing . Buy it and you will not be sorry.Oh and fyi we have two cordless phones in our house and 8 million other gagdets and nothing interfers with the reception.TOTALLY IMPRESSED . Could n't live without it.HERE I AM A YEAR LATER ADDING TO MY REVIEW ... We still LOVE this monitor and we are about to have baby number two and when I called the company for 60 dollars more we can add another camera and I can see both my boys on the same monitor ... really great product and company .
 This monitor is awesome . It took some work to find a place where there was no interference , but once we did it works great ! I plug in the TV in the kitchen or the bedroom and can keep an eye on the napping baby . This is by far the best baby product that I have , it is a must have !!
 Add me to the list of people that love this product , but are disappointed that it does n't last long . My monitor died out of the blue after just 12 months . I want another monitor but will definitely look for a different brand .
 This monitor is the BEST ! We love it ! What amazes us most is the clear night picture . Our daughter 's room is completely dark at night and we can see her clear as day on this monitor . The sound is great , too . We can even hear her breathe.We 've got a tri-level home , and keep the screen in the lowest portion most of the time . The nursery is on the top floor , and the picture is still clear.I had my doubts about this before we bought it , but it has far exceeded our expectations . We got it home , plugged it in , and we were good to go in about 30 seconds.The only issue we have is that it does n't take batteries . I read some reviews that the `` batteries burned out quickly '' , but ours does n't take batteries . We really wish it did . It would be nice to have the camera up without having to conceal the cord , and would be nice to be able to really put the screen wherever we want -LRB- outside while baby naps , etc -RRB- . I ca n't believe there was life before this thing !!!
 I use this video baby monitor every single day with my 4-month-old baby . With my first child , sometimes I had to lay him down to fuss at night -LRB- could n't get him to go to sleep any other way -RRB- and I always worried about him . With my new baby I never have to wonder ; I just turn on the monitor and I can see that she 's fine and even hear her breathing . It 's very affordable for the peace of mind it gives you .
 WOW ! We love our video monitor ! This has really helped our transition to getting our son into his own room at night ! Our son was perfectly fine when we transitioned him to his own room , but my husband and I were a nervous wreck ! This monitor helps us keep peace of mind and be able to rest . We have had minimal problems with static and the sound/picture quality is great - even the night vision feature ! We can check to see his position -LRB- I am always nervous about him smooshing his face into the mattress when he rolls around -RRB- , his breathing and the geographic locale of his pacifier ! We get a kick out of seeing our son exploring in his crib and not even knowing he has an audience!Also , when he is napping , it makes it easy to check on him without actually entering his room - which always used to wake him up.I understand from the other reviews that durability and longevity may be an issue with this item . I ca n't comment on that because we have only had it for 2 months . But for us , 2 months of sleep has been worth the investment already even if it tanks later ...
 I was using a co-sleeper while I was breastfeeding . Switching my 4 month old to his crib was an adjustment for all of us . His room is at the other end of our house and it worried me not to be able to see him like I used to be able to . I was told by some friends that this monitor would be the best thing I bought - and they were right ! We all sleep better at night . I can still look right over and see what he is doing . The only thing I had a problem with were the channels . I could n't get a clear picture with the sound and picture on the same channel . So we had to put them on different ones and I still need to use my other monitor for the sound . I do n't mind at all though . I just like being able to see him and what is going on in his room . That is what gives me the peace of mind to sleep better ant night . I would suggest this to all new moms . I will being using this for a while and I 'm so glad that I purchased it ! Well worth the $ 100 !
 My wife and I have had this monitor for two years . We use it every nap time and at bedtime through the night . It 's great . Reception is clear and audio is great . Our son is now 2 years old and we still use it . We have a new born now and we are purchasing a second monitor system . Highly recommended when comparing the price , reception , amount of time we use it , and its reliability . I am a frequent Amazon buyer and a hard sell my nature . I am an engineer by profession and for this product , I give it 5 stars because of the comfort we get by keeping an eye on our little ones .
 My baby has just gone into his room and crib and i was looking and researching video monitors for sometime now . I got a remington and hated it too much static , and kept losing the picture . I went out and got this one and it works perfectly and i am happy with the product . I looked thru the reviews and saw both good and bad but knew since it looked like it was 50 50 either way i took a chance and am glad i did not let negative post stop me from purchasing this . I guess it depends like everything on where you live and if you have other things that may interfer with the signals . I did noticed finally that the remington was 2.5 ghz and so is my cordless phone . Maybe that was the problem since baby quiet sounds is 900 and i have not had a problem with it.research and use your own judgment like i did . I was going to order online but decided to get it from babiesrus and I did not want to be bothered with sending it back . too much hassel , this way i take it back to the store and get my money and be on my way .
 What a great Monitor I have a 16 month old and have been using this monitor the entire time . The sound and picture are sometimes fuzzy but not real bad . Keep your nextel phone on the other side of the bed it screws up the monitor and makes a loud ticking in the monitor . I can sleep knowing that all I have to do is hit a button to see him with out waking him up just because I am nervous . Now I have a four month old daughter and I need another camera because I do n't want to take the other one out of my sons room , I want to be able to see both of them . As an emergency medical technician I would suggest that all parents own one of these monitors , it makes you feel relief hearing your child breath from the other room .
 I was hesitant to buy this because of some bad reviews regarding the clarity of the picture . While the picture is certainly not as clear as it could be , it definitely gets the job done . We use it to see if our 8 month old is asleep or playing and most recently to see that she had pulled herself up for the first time ! I can also look at her and figure out why she 's having trouble falling asleep -LRB- e.g. , a leg stuck in the slats of the crib -RRB- . The value of being able to see her without going into the room is immeasurable . I definitely feel this product is worth every penny !
 I wished I had bought this monitor when my 4 year old was born . Now we have one for my daughter and it is great . I do n't need to keep the sound up because her room is next to ours . I do n't have to keep hopping out of bed now to check on her . I just look at the monitor and see that she 's fine . I do turn the volume up when I do n't see her move to hear her breath but I do n't keep it up because it does have some static and she is a noisy sleeper . Then I would n't get any sleep ! This monitor is worth every cent and more to me . It 's a comfort to me to know that I can see my beautiful daughter whenever I want and know that she is safe . You wo n't be sorry with this purchase . I should have another camera for my active 4 year old ! The $ 100 is worth the piece of mind .
 Just bought this monitor after our son was diagnosed with seizures . It is wonderful . Our neighbors have the safety first video monitor and it is n't as nice as this one and this one is $ 50 cheaper . The picture is clear , after it warms up and gets focused . The great thing about this is that it is so portable . You can move the monitor where ever you are or move the camera to watch the kids in other rooms . It is GREAT !! Do n't know how I lived without it . Thanks for a great product .
 I read some of the reviews and I too am a new mom who held on to the bassinet as long as possible . This monitor has a clear picture . Some of the reviews state `` too noisy '' well then lower the volume . I have no trouble with interference . Also another review stated this product did n't have infra-red to see in the dark . NOT TRUE !! I think this is a great product and would recommend it to anyone . It is also $ 50 or more less than the Safety 1st monitor
 I have used this monitor EVERYDAY since my 9 month old son was born . I love it ! I use it during his naps , while he is awake and playing in his crib , and as he sleeps all night . It is very easy to carry from room to room and set up anywhere . Actually , I have gotten into the habit of using the tv monitor as a nightlight in MY bedroom . I ALWAYS have the screen turned on and should probably be using just the audio portion when I do n't really need to see him . The only problem is the screen began to flip out and reception became poor . I figured this was due to the constant use of the video portion of the monitor , and I basically burned out the screen . I took it back to the store and got a new one , and the new one works perfectly fine . My only advice would be not to use the video portion if you do n't really need to see your child . I plan to use the snooze style audio button more often now , so I do n't burn out the screen . I just hope this new one lasts long enough so I can use it with another child someday .
 I bought this after my daughter had a serious seizure in her crib . I was able to see her perfectly during the day and well enough at night with the night vision to see if she was having any more problems . I was even able to watch her play in her crib and talk to her animals ! :-RRB- OK its not DVD quality like some others have said but its only ment to aid you . Its not a movie screen . I have never had problems with interference -LRB- I have with my phones -RRB- and I have always been able to see and hear what my daughter was doing , if she was stuck , climbing out , seizing , still awake , etc. . It was well worth the money and I will be buying a second camera for our new baby on the way . The tv screen has 2 channels so you could monitor 2 rooms . All you have to do is change the channel !
 We owned the SAFETY 1st VIDEO MONITOR for 4 years . After 4 years of terrible reception , noisy , crackly audio and all around unpredictable performance , it became useless and quit working . We also own an audio only monitor -LRB- Fisher Price Sounds n ' Lights -RRB- . It was purchased for our room due to the fact that the Safety 1st Video Monitor was so bright it lit up our whole bedroom and had such poor audio -LRB- popping and cracking noises -RRB- making it impossible for us to sleep . After our Safety 1st video monitor quit working we purchased a Wireless Video Monitor System -LRB- camera and monitor -RRB- . It was approximately $ 100.00 at a Home Improvement Store . It was 2.4 GHZ and on the box it claimed to work in a `` low lighting '' situation -LRB- the box even had a sleeping child on the front of the box -RRB- . First problem was getting a picture . It had four channels and not one provided clear video . Second , low lighting does n't mean night vision or even a room with a night-light . It was useless without at least a 25 watt light on in the room . We found the SUMMER INFANT BABY 'S QUIET SOUNDS VIDEO MONITOR online and after reading the reviews we decided to give it a try . We have been so HAPPY with it ! It has a larger visual area than our original Safety 1st Video Monitor . Also , it has a button on the top which turns the video off but not the audio , making it perfect for when you 're sleeping and only want audio . The audio quality is better or comparable to our Fisher Price Sound 's n ' Lights audio monitor . We do have a lot of wireless things -LRB- several cordless phones , computers etc. -RRB- and there have n't been any problems or interference . One option that the Safety 1st Video Monitor and our Fisher Price Sounds n ' Lights audio monitor have that the Summer Infant Baby 's Quiet Sounds does n't have is the option to be powered by batteries . It 's powered by a/c adapter only . Although , the Safety 1st Video Monitor only took rechargeable batteries and did n't hold a charge very long and the Fisher Price Sound 's n ' Lights -LRB- audio only -RRB- took regular batteries -LRB- which did n't last very long -RRB- . I did n't realize that the Summer Infant Baby 's Quiet Sounds Video Monitor could be purchased in store at our local Toys R Us until after I ordered it . But I did notice that it was the only video monitor our local Toys R Us carried . Of course , I 'm sure not everyone will have the same experience we have had and keep in mind our Safety 1st Video Monitor and Fisher Price Sound 's n ' Lights Monitor were both purchased 4 years ago . I 'm sure improvements have been made . Good Luck To You and I hope this has been helpful ...
 After buying and returning over 8 different baby monitors from 12.99 up to 149.99 I finally purchased the summer monitor for 99.99 . It has been the best purchase made since bringing my baby home from the hospital . Now we both get a good nights rest . Not only can I hear her at night , unlike other monitors , I can press a button and see her too . I have a 2 story house and this has been the first 900mh monitor to give great sound without interferienve . Now at 2yrs old I can watch as she plays in another room . I highly recommend this monitor .
 I received this monitor as a gift after my daughter was already 4 months old , before it I had a regular sound monitor . I could never go back , I love it . The picture is great , the sound it great . The reviews that say it is bad must not have good reception in their homes , because I have had no problems with mine no matter were I have it . I want to get another one for my new baby on the way . I feel so much better being able to keep an eye on them all the time .
 I brought this monitor because the one i was looking for was out of stock . I am so glad because I just love it . The picture is very clear , even when it is dark in her room . It is easy to set up and move -LRB- if you move the furniture or baby gets bigger -RRB- . The sound is just as clear as the picture . I have had no complaints or problems so far . We use it in the living room for after she goes to bed . We live in a two story house and have no problems at all with seeing her clearly . It was also cheaper than the one i was looking for , so that was a big plus too .
 My husband and I are very pleased with this monitor . The camera angle is easily adjustable . It works in the dark . The soundfeed is very sensitive , so we do n't have to miss a peep . The monitor is conveniently portable .
 This video monitor came in handy the very first day I bought it . Having a master bedroom upstairs and the baby 's room downstairs at the other end of the house , I was worried about hearing the baby cry . With this monitor , I not only hear the baby , but I can see her as well . The picture -LRB- although black and white -RRB- is very clear with a slight adjustment from the antena . The sound is great too . The monitor is portable and can be taken from room to room with an available outlet . If she 's taking a nap and I 'm in the kitchen or other part of the house , I just bring the monitor with me and plug it in . Very handy . I would recommend this to anyone , even those parents that have a bedroom directly across the hall from their baby 's . No more second guessing if your baby is asleep or at play !
 got this as a shower gift and ca n't imagine life without it . . the picture is very clear after moving it around a little to find the perfect spot on our dresser . . i highly recommend it to anyone with a new baby . . im sure we will keep using it for years . . huge peace of mind . . it 's wonderful .
 When I read the directions for the set up , I was worried about getting good transmission . So when we decided to hook it up , I was hoping to be done in an hour . It took about 2 minutes . I plugged in the tv and he plugged in the monitor . And it worked!Our room is on the first floor and the baby 's is on the second . We also have a cordless phone in each of the bedrooms , which did not interfere with anything . This is really cool .
 We were lucky enough to receive this as a shower gift from some very dear friends , and to be honest would probably not have one otherwise . Having said that , I now would n't want to be without it , it is a really good piece of equipment.You can use it with or without the screen on -LRB- particularly good at night -RRB- and it is fairly portable and lightweight . The base unit is easy to install and unobtrusive , and it seems very well made . I 've had mine now over 16 months , and considering that it is on EVERY day , it looks built to last . Two minor points to remember though - If you have a lot of Portable telephones in your house on the same frequency -LRB- 900Mhz -RRB- or Wireless computer adapters at the same frequency you can , and do often get interference on the sound and picture quality , when they are in use -LRB- phones especially -RRB- . Also , at times I need to reposition the screen in certain rooms to improve reception -LRB- possibly due to wiring or other interference -RRB- These two things aside it 's a great buy - If you consider that most regular monitors -LRB- without picture -RRB- are almost $ 60 , it 's really not that much more to spend . I highly recommend this product .
 Wow ! My hubby and I love this monitor . Our 1st is 3 months old now . We put the camera up on the wall above her closet , and can see the whole crib ... the best thing is I can look and see she is okay and just sleeping , or restless or whatever without actually going in her room and risking her seeing me . The sound is crystal clear from anywhere in our 2000 sq ft home . I do n't use the 900Mhz phone near the screen because it does get static-y , but the 2.4 Ghz works fine near it . When people ask my hubby what the best thing we bought it , he automatically says the monitor !
 I received this monitor when my son was 4 months old . I did n't think I would use it at all , but now I am hooked ! It is great to see what he is doing in the crib , without going into his room and disturbing him . Also the sound mechanism works well . This was the most helpful tool when we went through the crying it out stage at 7 months . It provided me with a great sense of relief to know that he was not in hurt , just crying for attention.My first monitor stopped working -LRB- after 9 months of use -RRB- and so I called the manufacturer . Their response was excellent ! They shipped me a new monitor , that I received in 3 days , and included a return label for the broken one free of charge . I was extremely impressed with their customer service .
 My son recenty developed epilepsy . I was unable to sleep at night because I was so worried about his condition . A video monitor was the only solution for me . This monitor has worked flawlessly in my home , allowing me to watch him from any room in my home as well as in my yard at any time , and allowing me a good night 's sleep.I have found minor interference with kitchen gadgets and my home computer - but every problem has been easily resolved with a bit of relocation and manipulation of the camera or the monitor.The ability to receive audio transmissions while blocking off video has been such a blessing . I am not kept awake by a blaring monitor - but am able to check up on my boy at any time with a simple press of a button -LRB- that can be found while I am half-asleep in the dark -RRB- . I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever.Try this unit for yourself !
 It is the one baby item I am most thankful for ! It gives me tremendous peace of mind to see my son as he sleeps and naps ! It also is a joy to watch him as he settles in and we no longer go running into his room if he wakes up , as he usually falls quickly back asleep . It saves a lot of steps when he naps and at night we all sleep better for it!We do often get static-sounding feedback on the audio . We have a lot of wireless tech in the house however it may just be my area -LRB- West Chester , PA -RRB- as a review below also noted . At night we turn the sound off and leave the video on -LRB- which is bright but we got used to it -RRB- and also use a regular audio monitor which has no feedback . For us the video alone is worth the price
 This monitor is great . I bought it instead of the Safety1st based on reviews and have been really pleased . Even with several wireless phones and a wireless LAN I get little to no static . Very tough - we have been using several times a day and all night for a year . Not one problem .
 an absolute must have !! This monitor works perfectly you can see and hear everything your baby is doing from across the house , it has really been a lifesaver for me .
 I received this monitor at my baby shower and my husband and I love it ! Our bedroom is on the main level and while our daughter will be upstairs with us for a few months in her bassinet , we definitely have peace of mind knowing that we have this monitor ! Ours is crystal clear and the picture is also -LRB- even in total darkness ! -RRB- . Please register for this item . . you can not put a price on having peace of mind !
 I love this monitor because the picture is clear - even in the dark . The sound is adjustable and I can get it so that I can hear it but my husband on the other side of the bed ca n't . There is also a sound gauge that tells you if noise is being made and how loud it is without having to turn up the volume.I sleep better with this monitor on my nightstand .
 This monitor gave my husband and I peace of mind when we brought our newborn home from the hospital . After we put her to sleep , we could watch a movie with the surround sound and not have to worry about not being able to hear her if she woke up .
 I dont write a lot of fluf on ratings . I can say that this monitor is the best ever . We use it all night , and most of the day . It is extremely sensitive meaning you can hear things even in other rooms . You can imagine how fine it is at night when nothing in going on and you are sleeping . You can hear each sound your baby makes and you can see them too in the dark or light room .
 I do n't have this monitor but I just want to warn anybody who may be trying to decide what type of monitor to buy to stay away from Safety 1st . I bought two safety 1st video monitors in a period of 21/2 years . They are not worth the money ! I will not be stupid enough to buy another one of these monitors .
 Ok , I am a slightly paranoid , first-time Mother , and although our bedroom is right next to the baby 's room , I felt that I needed a video monitor ! I felt that if I awoke for no reason in the middle of the night , it was some higher power telling me to go check the baby , that something was wrong . Well , with this monitor , all I have to do is roll over and see what my daughter is doing . The picture is clear as day , I can easily see her chest moving up and down as she sleeps . Or if she is fussing , I can tell if she will be able to get herself back to sleep or if I need to go get her . The only trouble I had with it at all , was if I plugged my cell phone in and laid it right next to the monitor , then the monitor would buzz , but the easy solution to that was to move the cell phone.If I am in any other room of the house and she is taking a nap , I just unplug the monitor and take it with me wherever I go and I can continue whatever I was doing without ever having to get up and go check on her.I absolutely love it , I have nothing bad to say about this monitor at all . I just wished it worked for everyone else as well as it has worked for me .
 We bought this monitor about one month ago . We can hear and see my daughter clearly . If it does not work in the future as I have read in another review . It will be returned and I will get the money back even if that means that the whole toy store will her my voice.It should last , you should beable to get your moneys worth . We will see !
 I finally broke down and purchased this item . I `` live '' at the parks with my daughter and there are many that just are n't stroller friendly . We used to do a lot of hiking and camping , which is why I decided on this product as opposed to similiar items such as the Evenflo model . So far we have only used it on moderate hikes . It is pretty comfortable and has lots of storage space . I have seen similiar products and this one seems to have the most comfortable child seat . The child hangs in it with nice thick padding around their thighs and felt covered straps.We will be taking it to Yosemite in the future and I am curious to see how it will do on an all day trek .
 The carrier is very well costructed with many useful add-ons . However , the Amazon specification said the carrier came with a sun-rain hood . This was not shipped with the carrier and the only way to obtain , according to Amazon customer service , it is to ship the entire carrier back to Amazon for refund and shipment of a new carrier . This is truley a waste of time , packaging and money since the rain-sun hood could be shipped directly from Kelty without the return of the entire carrier .
 I am a Truck Driver . I use Fresh 'n Flush on the Road . It cleans me up , and gives me a fresh feeling . Keeps the `` Tire Skids '' on the Road ... not any place else .
 These are a little miracle in a perforated package ! Hands down the most convenient accessory for public and woodland restroom use available . They leave you shower-fresh with a soothing dose of witchhazel to calm any chorizo related irritation . A must for the outdoorsman or ` regular ' office occupant . With these packets and their travelability , you will no longer be a victim of the sandpaper provided in public restrooms and you will save the top half of many a sock .
 This wipe , with aloe , is ideal for travel as it is individually packaged for ease of carry and to reduce the chance of the product drying out . Especially handy overseas where bathroom facilities are not always what one might expect to see in the United States .
 I discovered this great travel hygiene product many years ago and it became a necessity almost immediately . The problem became , however , that for some reason the manufacturer no longer seems to sell them in retail outlets . You can find their handwipes , but not these . If I could I would give the wipes 10 stars , but while the cost per item through Amazon is inexpensive , the shipping doubles the cost . Please Playtex - resume distribution to retail stores .
 I have used Wet Ones Fresh 'n Flush for more than a year and think they are the greatest . Their two distintives are
 I do n't know why you ca n't buy these in stores anymore . I keep a few handy in my purse or pants pocket because one never knows when they might be needed .
 Singles that stay fresh and are convenient to use . Stores nicely in an office drawer . For some reason they were sold locally and then can not find them . I am grateful to find a source . Shipping was very prompt .
 i agree with cakepants on this product . . i was in the woods last weekend when dooty called and i had to take quick action.upon examination of my bag i recovered 1 wet ones fresh n flush . . i was overjoyed to the fact that i would n't have to use a sock to remove excess refuse . . wet ones keep me in the woods and on the task at hand . . which i assure you is better then returning to camp to clean up and discard soiled undergarments . . also with wet ones being 100 % biodegradable i had no quams about leaving a soiled wipe in the woods . . thank you wet ones !!!
 try to get from walmart ... not a chance . . they have only antibacterial ... stuff ... not for me ...
 My husband and I took these on a cruise to Europe -LRB- and 10 hr flights before and after cruising -RRB- and LOVED THEM ! They were exactly what we needed to keep fresh and comfy while traveling on a plane , cruise ship , and multiple European city stops . Recommend .
 I used to have to go to the Med Clinic near me and get a prescription for Lotrisone for butt-fungus several times a year . I have not had to go to the clinic once after starting to use this product . These actually clean as you wipe , and they apparently do much better than plain dry paper . They are individually wrapped and easy to carry in your pocket or purse . It 's a great product .
 Prevents rash from starting after using the restroom . If you did n't have them & got a rash one day , then it has plenty of medicines to south & speed healing later on when you get home to use them . Easy carry singles .
 This is the only place to get these . All my local stores have stopped carrying them . The price is n't bad , but at least the availability and short shipping time make up for it .
 To put this as simply as I can ... &#34; Baby &#34; Wipes -LRB- although these are n't called that -RRB- are n't only for Babies . If you ever found yourself in a situation where regular paper was n't as effective as it should be , having these with you can greatly assist.They 're small -LRB- but fold out to a decent size -RRB- , you can put them in your wallet , pocket , or purse , and you wo n't have to worry about difficult clean-ups anymore .
 So nice to have individually wrapped wipies to carry in purse or pocket while traveling to areas prone to mosquitoes .
 This is a very convenient product to carry with you . Leaves you feeling clean and fresh when you 're away from home . Very handy individually wrapped wipes .
 these are the best personal wipes with the cleanest use . I can not find them in stores anymore . And they are better than the other brands of personal wipes . Fewer chemicals and more witchhazel and aloe .
 These wipes help you `` freshen up '' when you are on your period . I like that they are individually wrapped so you can just throw a couple in your purse before you go out . They are flushable which is convenient and contain witch hazel which is very soothing for sensitive areas . You can also use them as a toilette if needed . Very versatile product . I only wish they were a little less expensive .
 We use the `` Wet Ones '' to maintain personal hygiene while camping and hiking . These feel much better on sensitive areas than dry leaves of unknown species . They are also conveniently packaged to be carried along in a backpack.Highly Recommended!CFH
 I want to start by saying that I own a lot of diaper bags , and way more than I would like to admit ! This bag is by far the best I have ever used ! It is big enough to carry everything for two kids -LRB- both still in diapers and using sippy cups -RRB- and looks great . I have been searching for a bag that looked more like a purse than a diaper bag , but still has plenty of room/pockets and this is it . I love the color and it is so soft . The company even got it to me within a week -LRB- I am overseas with the military , so that is saying something as most things take a month to get to me -RRB- . I love this bag so much that I ordered another one for a friend of mine !
 I absolutely love this bag . It is so light and soft . I did not use it as a diaper bag , although it would be great as one , but I used it as a bag to hold all of the items I wanted accessible to me in the car on a recent 11-day road trip . I had a paperback book and several magazines in the bag . The pockets were great for organizing my sun-tan lotion , mints , reading glasses , maps , pens and pencils and note pad . It zips closed to keep items secure . I even felt comfortble dropping my camera in the bag for short periods of time . There are also side pockets , a divided front pocket , and a back pocket with a magnetic clasp . The feet on the bottom of the bag kept it clean . It was so comfortable held on my lap or at the side of the compartment where I place my feet . It 's classy and would make a wonderful diaper bag that does n't scream diaper bag . I love it .
 Bought this for my daughter who is expecting her 1st child . Her request was she wanted something not to big and did n't look like it was a diaper bag . Well I ordered this and when she opened the package she was so excited that I bought it for her ! Still waiting for the bundle of joy to arrive , but I know when this bag is finally used it will be perfect ! Even thinking about buying another one for myself in a differnt color !
 I have the Avent Isis , Egnell one-hand , as well as several other hand pumps that take two hands to operate , and I found the Evenflo ComfortEase to be very easy to use and efficient . There are two things I think might be causing some of the negative reviews . I am sure that some of the moms who have felt that it was a piece of junk with no suction were actually using the smaller , older , Evenflo hand-pump , which I have seen a picture of on the internet , labeled as being the ComfortEase . I have also seen negative reviews where I could tell that the person writing it actually had the Evenflo `` Press and Pump '' . I would strongly suggest that moms who already have this pump and found it hard to operate try it mounted on a standard sized bottle . I think Evenflo has made a mistake by packaging it mounted on the wide-mouth , hourglass shaped bottle . I found it hard on my hand to try to use it on that bottle . Actually , it requires an adapter to use with the wide-mouth bottle . It will mount right onto a standard sized bottle . This made it easier on my hand than the Avent Isis . One thing I like about it is that the handle you squeeze does not pop off like the one on the Isis.This is probably not the pump for someone who needs to do alot of pumping , but I think it is an acceptable option , especially for someone who needs something they can get on short notice .
 I purchased this pump after i had my baby and it is the best pump ever ! This manual breast pump has a vacuum control dial so that i can make it a custom fit . Also , it includes a silicone cushion insert for added comfort . This pump also includes some sample pads to try and has all the components necessary for mothers on the go . I truly recommend this pump to everyone . It is a great product !!
 I could n't be happier with this stroller . We live in a residential part of town , where we try to do at least two strolls a day . If you do the math , using the Bugaboo for two years every day provides comfort for your baby and yourself for about a dollar a day . This stroller is ideal for babies like mine who would not face forward without raising hell in a Maclaren XLR type stroller , which weighs the same . I have n't had any problem carrying this up and down the subway steps with an 18 lbs baby in it -LRB- have n't had to do it with a heavier baby -RRB- , but I may be on the fitter side . When it comes to assembly this stroller is fool-proof , while the folding/unfolding takes a little getting used to . I 've washed it once with no change in color - the prettiest orange color that suits both boys and girls . The best part is the maneuverability - easy one hand operation with the safety strap on the wrist . The suspension makes for a very smooth ride . Overall I would highly recommend this buggy .
 I absolutely love this stroller . It is light , durable , allows to use it from newborn to older toddler age . We used it as a bassinet when my daughter was a newborn . Now if she falls asleep during walk we just adjust the seat and she comfortably naps in it . It is waterproof and comes with the raincover -LRB- which we use sometimes as a windshield too -RRB- . Yes , it is expensive , but when you decide to cell it still retains value .
 This toy was purchased for a special needs child . The music and lights together really seems to entertain him . Do n't be fooled when the song ends . Just wait a moment and another tune will begin . The therapist that come in my home really like this .
 My son is 4 months old & enjoys this toy . I like that I can use it while he lays on the ground or it 's the perfect height to use with his Fisher Price Rainforest Bouncer . He loves to watch the sunshine . When you push the sun it plays 8 continuous songs -LRB- including `` You are my sunshine '' -RRB- . I do n't like the woman who sings off-key every time we turn this toy on . I 'm glad we got this toy on sale because I do n't think it 's worth the $ 22 price tag .
 My son has been fascinated by this toy since he was a month old . At five months , it is still his favorite . I 'm not sure why , something with the sun moving and the lights and sounds going at the same time . Either way , this is going to be my shower present to give time and time again . It 's fantastic
 This toy is pretty cute ... it 's funny because the main components are birds , bees , and the sun . The birds and the bees at this age ??
 My 3 month old daughter absolutely loves this toy ; it entertains her for quite a while . It 's easy to take apart and bring somewhere , yet very durable .
 My 4 month old loves this toy ! The music plays such a long time , that even though she is still pretty young it can hold her attention for a very very very long time ! This toy is really made well too . Unlike most Gyms that just slide together , this gym actually has parts that screw together ! Very Cool !
 Mi bebe de 7 meses se entretiene un buen rato con este gimnasio , aunque no pasa mucho tiempo frente a el . Es muy llamativo por luces y sonidos , pero despues de 30 mins el bebe se aburre
 We have the Kelty Journey already , which we like but we have 2 now to carry . Also , I 'm only 5 ' 2 '' and just could n't make that one comfortable for me . I was looking for something smaller but still useful for short hikes . This has been perfect.I 'm still looking for the perfect setting but i know it 's there ! the backpack is huge and there 's an extra diaper bag part that comes off . It 's a little difficult to load my daughter because it does n't stand on it 's own but that also makes it lighter . My older daughter is about 36 '' tall and does n't fit very well in the seat.I like it because it 's not as big and bulky . I feel like I can still move . I think it 's great for short hikes and even shopping . If you 're a serious hiker , it 's probably not sturdy enough.one other silly thing we did n't think of is that the weight limit -LRB- i think is 40 lbs -RRB- includes what you carry , not just the kid !
 We bought a larger Kelty child carrier when my older daughter was born and have loved it for hiking , but when we were preparing for a trip to London , we realized travelling with two strollers -LRB- or a double stroller -RRB- was next to impossible and the Kelty child carrier we had is not really travel friendly . We purchased this carrier for the trip and it was the only `` ca n't live without '' item that we packed for our trip . I love that the diaper bag zips off for when we did n't need it -- or so I could put the larger backpack in the overhead compartment and smaller bag under the seat on the plane . -LRB- There 's also another zipper compartment in the pack itself allowing for carrying items in the backpack -RRB- . When we were getting on and off the plane , I carried our 15 month old on and off the plane in the carrier -- leaving my hands free for carrying bags or holding my three year old 's hand.In London , we used this carrier everywhere -- for walks around the neighborhood , visiting the sites and museums , on the Tube , etc -LRB- the instructions do say not to use for public transportation -- but for longer trips , we 'd just take our daughter out of the carrier once we got on -RRB- . For the times I was without my husband , but had both girls , my older child could ride in the small umbrella stroller we brought and I could carry my younger daughter in the backpack.I 'm only 5 ' 2 '' -LRB- size 2 -RRB- and my daughter weighs over 20 lbs , but I have absolutely no difficulty getting the backpack on by myself with her in it . -LRB- It 's best to practice with someone else at first , but the instructions provide good guidance for doing it by yourself . -RRB- My husband is 5 ' 11 '' and it fits both of us very well.Now that we 're back home , I use the carrier when I 'm travelling downtown with my daughter -- she rides next to me on the train and when we get off , into the carrier she goes so we can walk . This way , I do n't have to try to find the elevators or otherwise fuss with a stroller . Getting on and off the train is so much easier . And , the sides of the backpack cinch up with the child is n't in the carrier -- so it just looks like a large backpack .
 My husband & I recently purchased this Kelty kid carrier to use while we were in Washington D.C. so we did n't need a stroller . It was PERFECT ! We were able to put our 4 month old in the carrier bwhen he was awake -LRB- his head would fall over when he was snoozing -RRB- & it would still hold our entire diaper bad contents , a couple snacks for Mom & Dad and 2 water bottles ! It was great to have on the Metro and he loved to look around!WE LOVE KELTY!By the way , I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and a size 4 , it fit great !!!! Husband is 6 ' 2 '' and wears a 34 , also fit him great !!!!
 Bought this for our 23 lb . 12 month old . We use it for hikes of up to 5 miles . Easy to transfer between Mom and Dad - love the easy switch in torso length . Comfortable . Little one fell asleep during one hike . Great value . Small , easy to pack in the car with the rest of the camping gear .
 This toy affectionately referred to as `` The Donut '' in our house was priceless from about 3 months to 7 months -LRB- until our daughter began crawling out of it and onto bigger better things -RRB- . We partially inflated it at 3 months , and she enjoyed having the support and being able to be more upright ... then we slowly inflated it more as she began to learn to sit up . We believe it helped her to sit up sooner , as it was a good exercise for her to `` wobble around '' safely in the middle . It is still in the corner of her room , housing some favorite toys and she still gets a kick out of climbing in and out of it.Definitely a great transition toy for babies just about to sit up and crawl ! The only downside is that it definitely has a loud decor , but will grab a babies attention pretty early ! If you have a pump , its great to travel with . We took it on many vacations and it was a great thing to have in hotel rooms !
 My father bought this playnest for my son when he was 4 or 5 months old and my son played in it for an hour at least.Not only could he lay back and look at the hanging toys , but when he was ready to sit up , the shapes on the tube had different textures and made noises when he touched them.It 's definitely a toy for kiddos younger than crawling age but up until then , it 's great.I 've never had a problem with him getting stuck in it but he is under constant supervision when he uses it.He is 14 months old now and although he does n't sit ANYWHERE for any length of time , we 've taken the top off and he likes to keep his toys inside the tube and he likes to climb in and out of it . I would recommend this toy . I just loved watching him play in it .
 This is one of the best toys to entertain your baby 4 months up . I put my 5 month old in this at a friends house and was amazed how she would stay in it for 30 minutes plus , multiple times throughout the day . It is worth the large price tag !
 I received this as a gift and my daughter loves it ! It is a great alternative to laying flat on her back all the time . She loves the bright colors and sounds . I agree , inflating the ring is a chore , but it is well worth it . It has helped my daughter learn to sit up . Well worth the money !!!
 Our daughter was given 4 play gyms - all by various companies . At 12 months this one is still in the middle of her nursery and she spends hours climbing in and out of it . It is the only piece of baby gear that has not been packed away ! As some prior customers wrote the poles are a little difficult to put up so be patient . As for our daughter ever getting `` stuck '' or put in danger I have to disagree . If you read the instructions carefully it tells you to slowly inflate the toy as your baby grows . Our daughter was at least 9 - 10 months before we inflated the ring all the way . If you have other play gyms or get them as gifts - send them to grandma 's and get yourself one of the only one 's that will see your child well into their toddler years !
 I got this playnest and gym as a gift for my unborn son , so when I -LRB- 8 months pregnant -RRB- tried to put it together , I was n't too dissapointed that the plastic bars were n't staying put . I read some online reviews and I saw that a lot of people were having the same problem . Well then I had my boyfriend try to do . I felt very silly when , withing 10 minutes , we had the most sturdy and safe playnest and gym !!! I mean I could bounce it off the floor and the bars would n't come out . So the only trick to it 's assembly is to put some strength into it !!! Have your man , or any man put it together and it will make a great toy ! :--RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 As i have stated in my reviews , my family have owned a toyshop for 75 years and we know good toys , Galt is probably THE best makers of toys , kits etc , sadly distribution is only just started in the US . The playnest and gym is worth the extra few dollars for sure . The nest has an inflatable inner tube -LRB- very thick and sturdy - even for cat owners like me ! -RRB- the nest sleeve zips over the tubing and has all different touch and feel pictures on it -LRB- fuzzy sheep , quacking ducks etc -RRB- . When your baby is small and not sitting up , blow the inner tube so that it is squishy and your baby will be supported in lying position from the center to the sides ; as your child gets older then inflate fully to stop them escaping ! The gym is brilliant , each toy hanging rattles , crackles or plays music and are detachable -LRB- i have mine hanging off the baby gates -RRB- There are many different slots in the material of the gym to hang the toys at different heights -LRB- i put other toys of my son 's on too -RRB- so that they can kick and hit the toys as well as chew etc. . Note
 i loves this , the baby loves , however it is hard to keep together , duct tape works
 My 1 month grandson loves all the bright colors and my 2 year grandson thinks it 's really cool to sleep in
 I bought this for my new god child . This is the best gym for my money . Keep the child very occupied with thing to do.I would recamond this for any one who has a new born up to 12 months .
 My wife and I had been looking for a toy like this for some time . We wanted a place for our daughter -LRB- 3 months old -RRB- , where she could lie down and explore and play with various toys . Both to help stimulate her , but also to give my wife a break during the day . We looked at a multitude of these toys and concluded this would suit our needs the best.It has proved to be great . I could n't help noticing that these people really seem to have put some thought into the whole toy . To my knowledge there are no other toys like it with an inflatable ring to help the baby sit up.In the beginning we did n't inflate the ring , we thought the toy would work just as well when the base was all flat . It worked decently , but our daughter could not reach all of the toys , some would be in her face . Now we have it inflated and its playability has increased tremendously because of this . She can even fall asleep all quietly while playing with it . Great for any new parents!Of negative points you should know that : - The inflatable ring is VERY difficult to inflate . No one will have the lung power and stamina to inflate it all in one go ! - We washed the whole toy , and the colours fade quickly if machinewashed . - Some of the toys -LRB- the red and yellow sun -RRB- has a tendency to upset our daughter . She simply gets so agressive , that she is screaming with anger while trying to tear it apart.Positive things , you ca n't know : + The individual toys are very durable -LRB- apart from the colours -RRB- . They have been machinewashed -LRB- I am sure the manufacturer is horrified now -RRB- , also the electronic ones . They still work impeccably!Enjoy .
 I originally bought this toy because my six-month-old baby seemed to be losing interest in his other playgym , that is , he would roll away after five minutes of batting at the toys . As a stay-at-home mom , I needed a safe place to rest my playpen-hating baby so that I could get some housework done . I figured that , at the very least , this playnest 's doughnut shape would keep him from rolling from room to room while I made a meal , etc. . Well , hallelujah , he likes it so much that I can make a meal and maybe even a phonecall while he entertains himself . First , I start out by putting him on his back to swat at the toys hanging from the pretend `` sky '' -- a fabric sun , moon , bird , etc. . Each toy does something fun like crinking , rattling , or playing music . You also can adjust the height of each toy with the enclosed plastic rings . Next , I prop him inside the ring for some sitting practice . Finally , I lean him stomach-down on the side of the innertube so that he can play with the activities on the fabric cover , including a crinkly fabric door that opens and closes , different-textured fabrics , and a squeaky duck bill . This playnest is my salvation . What do n't I like ? Well , the vertical posts that form the pretend sky pop inwards periodically . It looks a little strange , but it does n't affect the toy 's playing potential . Second , contrary to the product info on the box , I do n't think this playnest is suitable for a very young baby . There 's not enough room to lay the baby completely flat at the bottom , and a tiny infant would be uncomfortable propped against the sides like the baby pictured on the box -LRB- I 'm guessing that poor kid rolled right over as soon as the picture was taken ! -RRB- But , provided that your baby has at least some sitting ability -LRB- even with help -RRB- , I recommend this toy wholeheartedly !
 I spent a long time looking around all the toy shops and online to see what there was for little babies . My son , Toby , at 4 months , did not like just lying on his back and watching things hanging above . The beauty of this toy is that you can safely put your baby in a semi-reclining position and not need to worry that he will fall out . He loved it from the moment he was put in it . All those bright colours and textures and noises facinated and excited him . He loved the upright position and soon he managed to sit up all by himself.He is now 8 months old and we have removed the baby gym part . He lies happily in his ring reading his books - almost like grownups lounging in the sun on holiday . Or hangs over the side trying to catch his other toys which he had thrown out.Your baby will love it - as have all the other reviewers . Great toy .
 My newborn son got this gym for christmas . The picture on the box looks great but pictures do n't tell the whole story . This is a good idea for newborns but stills needs work . The poles that hold the toys never stay together . I am forever puting them back together . And what is with the price . I would never spend $ -LSB- this amount $ -RSB- for this product . I hope the person who brought this gift got it on sale . I am sure there is some other products on the market , just as good or ever better for a cheaper price .
 Have been looking for something like this for along time . I have a friend in the UK who has one and we liked it . It has been popular with both my children and has stood the test of time . We have had it for about 4 years now and it is as good as new ! The arch , toys and mirror have provided stimulation and the bright colours help . We particularly liked telling the farm story from the ring around the bottom ! Following the dotty road , stroking the sheep 's back and playing with the scarecrow 's scarf . I ca n't recommend this highly enough .
 While the cost is a bit steep , you will be glad you invested in this playnest . Right after my baby was born , she was `` nested '' safely and comfortably in the tube , staring up in amazement at the toys , which are machine washable -LRB- and kept their color -RRB- . The toys are each wonderful in their own way - a few play music ; a few make a crunching noise when squeezed . The toys are removable , so as her familiarity with them grew , we would disconnect the toys from the gym and bring them with us in the car -LRB- their clasps allow them to be easily attached to carseats , strollers , etc. . . -RRB- . As soon as she was able to sit up , the sides of the tube gave her the support she needed to enjoy reaching up for the toys . She would sit contently in the tube while I vacuumed or cleaned - she was not able to get out of it on her own , and it was a safe little `` nest '' in that way . However , the true joy starts now , as my daughter is an 11-month old - she ADORES her playnest . She sits in it to look through books , and she gets a real workout diving into the center , crawling up and over the tube 's sides . I went to Gymboree for a playgroup recently , and the tubes there were all the rage with the mothers and children . I happily explained that my daughter has had a `` tube '' since birth , and hers was even finer than the Gymboree tubes , as the playnest is more colorful and softer -LRB- as it is fabric covered , and the fabric cover is also machine washable and holds its color -RRB- . Speaking of the color - it is just delightful ! The patterns are so stimulating and will spruce up any room ! A practical note
 Though I balked at the outrageous color scheme , this has become quite the asset in our home . My son is now 3 months old , and he truly enjoys his playnest . He will entertain himself laying down for 30-45 minutes . The toys are great , as they are adjustable along the bars . In addition , unlike a lot of other stationary toys , this is super light and easy to move from one place to another.I do want to mention that my son absolutely hated this toy up until now -LRB- 3 mos . -RRB- . He would cry almost immediately when I put him in it . I would recommend waiting to buy this until your child is at least 21/2 -3 months old . -LRB- Or if you already have it and are frustrated with your child 's reaction , give it a little time -RRB- Also , the bars do come detached frequently -- but usually only because we have moved it around.Despite my tiny qualms mentioned above , I would definitely recommend this to everyone !
 i have invested in many crib toys , play mats ect ... for my very playful 3 month old . they keep him busy for about 3 min . and then he wants to see something new . well , this toy kept him busy for 35 mins . and then i flipped him on his tummy using the edge of the ring to prop him up and he played another 20 mins . this was worth the money . i also like that he can use this when he is older , too .
 We got this for my daughter for Christmas when she was 2 months . She liked laying in it and looking at all the bright colors and toys but she really started to enjoyit when she turned 4 months . She pulls on the toys ... laughs at the animals and will entertain herself for a long time ! The best part is this is a great toy for practicing sitting becasue anyway she falls she is caught by a soft surface . In fact , my daughter will be 5 months in a week and is already sitting up by herself !! I owe it all to this Playnest!The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is it is a pain to put it together , but not all that bad . I took me 30 minutes with my husband laughing at me . It is also a little big for small areas like my house and hern room . But still way worth it !!
 Great product ! Not only did my daughter love it as a newborn , but now that she is 6 months , it is aiding her in sitting up ! She loves the fact that she can sit alone and it cushions her should she topple . I am so glad I did n't get the Gimini -LRB- sp ? -RRB- as she would have outgrown it by now . At least this product is still around after 7 months !
 After recieving numerous gyms for my shower we decided to keep two , the black and white gymni , and the colored one ... It turns out that at about 4.5 months , my twin sons were DONE with those VERY expensive gyms ! I was so upset that I imediatly went to BRU to purchase a new one ... I came across this one -LRB- one of the ones I returned ! -RRB- I bought ONE ... And it turns out its the best thing since sliced bread , so -LRB- this goes without saying -RRB- I bought another ... Nothing much can keep my 7 month old twin sons attention for long other than the saucers , but this playnest does it ! I would like to remind parents that the gym inflates , so you should have a pump , or it may just drive you insane ! All the toys are soft , and everything is easy to wash . The playnest is portable , and easy to store . It deflates well , and can also be used partially inflated , for different aged children.I place them both in it on their backs -LRB- weird , my kids LOVE being on their backs ! -RRB- and they will sort of `` lounge '' contently and grab at the different toys -LRB- squeak , rattle , crinkle ... ect -RRB- . I say `` lounge '' because they arent flat on their backs , making this gym PERFECT for the older crowd , but with a younger baby , I would be nervous that they would sufficate , or actually hate it.I can also place the boys sitting in thier `` nests '' and they LOVE pulling the toys , and watching Baby Einstien in them ... While sitting inside this playnest , we provide them with more toys to hold , and they usually stay in them for a while!I can lastly place them in a crawling possition -LRB- nearly crawling ! -RRB- and they will explore the sides of the playnest , as if it were the first time they were discovering the different textures ! This is probably their favorite way to play in it , since they can wiggle inside of it , and balance , and they seem to be content resting in a crawling possition 1/2 in the nest , or sitting outside of it.I am absolutly astounded by my stupidity for getting rid of the Playnest that we got as a shower gift , although I am sure it was `` meant to be '' , since I can just imagine hatting it after placing a 3 week old inside of it ... Parents of the older crowd , I think you will REALLY like this gym !
 my daughter loves this . shes is 3 months old.the only problem i had is the plastic poles come undone . you really have to slam them in there good . other then that i love it . i paid like $ 10 less for mine at babycatalog . com they have a lot of stuff cheaper
 I do n't have this `` playset and gym '' to speak from personal experience . This playset does looks very comfortable for the baby to relax comfortably on his back . However , I recommend buying the Gymini 3D Activity Gym by Tiny Love -LRB- for a little less too -RRB- because it offers more development possibilities.The Gymini has a flat surface which allows the baby to lay on his stomach supervised which encourages head lifting and strengthenging of the arms and shoulders . The Gymini also has great basic features such as music , lights , mirror , and developmental toys .
 I was looking for a toy to keep my daughter occupied for periods during the day . She has started batting at the toys , and she stares at the various toys , and usually falls asleep in it !! This is a great toy for your house , but not great to take along places , it is OK for belly time , but she prefers being on her back , kinda sitting up . I love it , it is well worth the money .
 OK - WELL , THIS `` GYM '' IS NOT SAFE AT ALL - MY DAUGHTER LOVES TO GO WILD IN IT - AND THATS OK AS LONG AS IM SITTING RIGHT THERE NEXT TO HER , WHICH DEFEATS THE PURPOSE OF LETTING HER DO HER THING AND I CAN DO MY THING ... THIS GYM , PLAYNEST , WHATEVER IS A ROUND TUBE WHICH MY DAUGHTER LIKES TO DIVE OUT OF - AND SLIDES DOWN INTO THE MIDDLE AND GETS STUCK-THERE 'S BEEN TIMES WHEN I WOULD LEAVE HER FOR A MINUTE OR TWO , COME BACK AND SHE TURNED INTO A PRETZEL BY GETTING STUCK IN THE CENTER OF THE ROUND TUBE . BEING THAT I RECEIVED IT AS A GIFT , IS THE ONLY REASON I DIDNT RETURN IT BUT I WOULDNT SPEND THAT MONEY ON SOMETHING THAT WONT EVEN RELEIVE ME AND GIVE ME SOME ALONE TIME ... IF YOU WAN NA SPEND MONEY ON SOMETHING REALLY USEFULL TO YOU AND YOUR BABY I SUGGEST A SWING WITH SOME VIDEOS TO WATCH !
 I havent gotten this yet but I 'm surely putting it on my list it looks so comfotable and safe for my little bundle of joy thats on the way !!
 I used this item for my first baby when learning to sit up and she loved it until she was 2 , just to play with . It held up and is being used for our second . I loved them so much I carried them in my gift shop !! They are great for travel and the babies and kids seem to love them , I would even take it outside to use it . I have bought several for baby gifts , it was one item that we used a lot and for quite awhile .
 I think that the Galt Playnest & Gym is a great product for all babies . At first you can just use the ring , and the baby explores the textures and sounds , but then put the gym on and it keeps him amused for hours.I 'll definitely use it for my next one
 I recently puchased this item and found it had great durability . The circular tube provides maximum comfort and just a little bit of bounce . The rainbow really seems to grab my baby 's attention . It 's her favorite toy .
 I bought this for my son about 3 months ago when he was about 4 months . I was looking for an activity gym that he could sit up in because he wase n't to keen on just laying down . I read all of the reviews and decided this was perfect . When we first received the product I too was a little shocked at the difference from online viewing to in person and was a little disappointed at the amount of money I had spent on it . When I put him in it , I think he might have been scared at the hanging toys or something but he did n't like it at all . I unclipped the toys and he liked to play with them . I recently tried to put him in it again at about 6 months , when he started to sit up more sturdy , without the toy bars . He loves it and will sit in it for a couple of hours , however if he falls over or gets to the laying position again he will fuss until I put him sitting again . It took time but I never regretted paying for this toy and would buy it again given the need !
 My 4 month old son LOVES this gym . He cries when you take him out of it . He just loves looking at the toys and sitting in the middle . I wish I had gotten it sooner.The biggest downfall was putting it together . First , we had to buy an airpump to pump it up . My husband pumped it up only to realize that he could n't put the cover on while it was inflated so he had to deflate it partially and re-inflate it . Needless to say , he was very tired . Then the poles did n't fit right and it takes some strength -LRB- and patience -RRB- to put together . HINT
 I purchased this product after I read an article in BABY MAGAZINE , that rated this Playnest & Gym top prize out of all the gyms they tested -LRB- 12 -RRB- The gym kept the babies attention for over 50 mins . . Upon reading this article my Wife and I purchased the Galt Playnest & Gym - and we have never looked back ... this is a great baby product and I would recommend this gym for all new born babies . Other products sold on this site from Galt our also very good ...
 This crib set is so modern ! I love it ! BUT after doing some research , I found it MUCH MUCH cheaper at Maternity & Baby Shopping Mart . -LSB- ... -RSB- Just trying to save a few extra bucks ! Hope this helps !
 My grandson is n't fully potty trained yet , but has figured out these shorts are big enough to wear over his pull ups and wears them every day .
 The colors are nice and brite and did not bleed when washed and they seem to fit him well with plenty of room to move , but he is a skinny kid .
 This bag is amazing . My kid loves sitting in here walking around . Only criticism I have is it 's very difficult to get a child in with one person . The extra stuff in there keeps getting caught up on their feet . Otherwise , the bag is incredible !
 My son and I love this backpack ! We use it all of the time -- weather at the grocery store or for short hikes . It is the perfect means to transport a child and all of their gear . The pack is very adjustable for both myself and my son . I have found it to be comfortable and easy to use , and so has my son . Everything about the pack is quality . I love the mirror accessory -LRB- allows me to see what my son is doing -RRB- as well as the rain/sun hood -LRB- keeps my son dry and shaded -RRB- . I also greatly enjoy having both arms free . My son really enjoys being up high where he can see . He gets excited when I put in in the pack . As he is being hoisted onto my back he squeals with delight . He is always so happy to be in the pack . He is a real taskmaster , though ; always patting my shoulder trying to get me to walk faster ! His only complaint is my head gets in his way of seeing things !!! I would not recommend this pack , or any pack for the matter , to a person who is not accustomed to carrying weight on their back . The pack weighs 40 pounds with my son and all of his stuff . My wife will not wear him because of the weight . This is not a detraction in any way to this pack . It is just a simple fact of carrying a child on your back .
 This is the best baby backpack out there . Does n't look like a carrier when the baby is n't in it . No kickstand to make it so bulky . Can collapse it and make it a regular backpack . Has the Hood for the sun , if you need it . But the best feature is the zip off day pack and the larger compartment in the back . When you do n't want to take the whole thing to change her or when you have the kiddo in there and it is too heavy with both , another person can carry the diaper bag part . We researched and tried a lot of these and this is hands down , THE BEST !
 We have had this chair for almost three years now and I still love it . The CLOTH seat washes great . I love that you can take the tray on and off with one hand . The only thing I do n't like is the straps . Kinda hard to get the pad on and off for cleaning . But my daughter LOVES this chair . We are going to buy another one for our son because Molly does n't want to give it up just yet .
 My son loves sitting in his highchair ... very comfortable ... he has no problems with it ... the tray is a little high so he sat on a folded towel for a couple of months & then when he turned 13 months he didnt need it anymore ... very pleased with it !
 I bought this high chair because it had great reviews . I also think that it is great . It adjust to so many heights and also tilts . My son sits in it comfortably . He sits in it good to eat and also just for a place for me to put him when I 'm doing the dishes .
 I just opened the box and pulled out the high chair . OMG ... I should 've opened this box a long time ago and had my daughter use this . She 's 3-1/2 mos . Why I said we should 've used this earlier was that when it came time for dinner , either my husband or I would hold our daughter while the other eats or I placed her on my lap as I attempted to eat -LRB- which of course was n't easy -RRB- . Or we would place her in her play-yard or bouncer but she would get fussy b/c she wants to be with us at the table . So now that we have this , she can be sitting with us at the dinner table!Other features I love about this are :1 . This was so easy to assemble ... the main high chair frame is already assembled . All I had to do was add the wheels and tray - so easy !!! 2 . All 4 wheels roll and each has a brake . So easy to move around . Not only for the dining room , but we can take this to the family room where we spend most of our time . Our daughter can sit in her high chair while we are on the computer ... but we know she can sit there for too long ... she wants to be out and about !!! 3 . Love the fact that it reclines to 3 positions
 -LRB- I own the Brachenridge model -- same chair different seat cover cloth . -RRB- This was on my registry and was a shower gift . I liked the cloth cushion , reclined and had so many height adjustments . I have been using this high chair since we started my son on solid foods at 4 months , reclined without the tray . It has been a great chair and very easy to use . I have recommended it many times to my friends who are also impressed.The first time I washed the chair pap , following the cleaning instructions , it faded and had a 2 '' split at the bottom of the cover . I e-mailed Baby Trend the next morning explaining the situation . I was called that same afternoon by a customer service rep who offered to send me a new cover . I am very impressed with the customer service that is attached to this wonderful product!I highly recommend this and Baby Trend in general !
 I have used three different types of Highchairs . This one by far is the easiest to use . On the other two , they are definatly not one hand accessable . . esp when putting the tray on . The tray on this highchair is not only easy to remove but easy to put back on too . Another great feature is that the height adjustment is easy to use as well so that your child can join you in eating wherever you choose to do so . It is easy to remove the fabric and it washes nicely . My daughter , now 2 , loves her highchair .
 I am glad that my husband and I chose this seat for our 5 month old daughter . It is so versitile in that it reclines to many different positions , it has lots of different height adjustments , and the tray also has different positions . My daughter seems to like the chair too . We are very satisfied with this seat and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great chair !
 Very comfortable , user-friendly , top tray pops off easily for washing , nice design , cushiony padding , safe straps ... Any of the Trend highchairs are a good buy ! I used the Simplicity Plus for 12 months and threw it away -LRB- read my review on the Simplicity Plus -RRB- . I should have bought this highchair from the beginning . I bought the Palm Tree print for our home and Tahoe for Grandma 's house .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this chair . First of all , the neutral colors are great . They would work well with any home . The reclining feature is wonderful . We used this feature more than I thought we would . We bought this chair when our son turned 4 months old . He could sit up on his own , but only for a short while , so when we would feed him , we could slightly recline the seat . This made it so much more comfortable for him -LRB- and us ! -RRB- . The height of the chair adjusts ... again another feature I did n't think that we would use , but we have taken much advantage of that bell and whistle ! And of course , wheels . Trust me , wheels are a must have ! In the very beginning , the tray seemed a little high , I guess , but absolutely no higher than the other chairs at BRU -LRB- I research everything before I buy , and I researched chairs on - line for weeks before going to the store for test runs -RRB- . The fabric does get messy , but I think that has a lot to do with my messy eater . Some people complain about not being able to dry it , but that has n't been a problem with me either . I throw it in the wash after dinner , lie it on the ironing board before bed , and it 's dry in the morning . Please do n't let washing the pad be an issue , because this chair is GREAT ! My son is 1 year old now , we have washed the cover once every one or two weeks -LRB- as needed -RRB- , and it looks perfect still . My friend bought the pretty wooden Eddie Bauer -LRB- sp ? -RRB- chair for $ 99 dollars and hates it . It is way to heavy . It has no wheels either , so she has to carry it around . She saw my chair and is going out to buy one tomorrow .
 I have had this high chair for 18 months now and I love it ! It has such great features that grow with your child . The 3 positions of recline let you put your infant in the chair before they can actually sit up . My son was not the best napper , but he very often fell asleep in this chair in the reclined position . When he was a little older and started eating solid food , I really appreciated the removable tray cover . When your toddler is covered in avocado slime or smearing butter in his hair , sometimes you need to just remove the food from reach . The tray cover snaps off easily but leaves the tray in place until you can wipe off those little hands and let them down . The tray also slides out a few inches to make room to lift baby out without catching his feet . Another feature I like is the double sided cloth cover . When it gets dirty , just flip it to the other side . It washes beautifully ... dries quickly and keeps it 's color . A friend of mine has the Peg Perego with the plastic `` wipable '' seat cover , but her son sweats too much when sitting on the plastic and there is always some sort of dried food caked in the corners . You ca n't throw plastic in the washing machine . I 'm so glad I did n't spend twice as much for the Peg Perego !!
 I registered and received this as a shower gift for my first baby in 2003-2004 and I absolutely love it . It does everything you need a high chair to do and it has a large tray with a removable tray also . This price is the same as in 2003 . I could not be happier with this chair and the print functions well for a girl and boy -LRB- green tahoe -RRB- . We now have a girl and a boy on the way .
 My husband and I spent a great deal of time finding the right highchair . This one had everything we wanted . We were going to get the Fisher Price Healthy Chair . But when side by side with the Baby Trend , the healthy chair looked filmsy , small , and the plastic pad looked very uncomfortable . The Baby Trend has a roomy seat , a comfy -LRB- easily washable -RRB- plush pad , removeable tray -LRB- with hooks to hang it on the back when not in use -RRB- , dishwasher safe tray for the really messy meals , a reclining seat , etc. ... The tray does seem a little high , but at 6 months our daughter had no trouble playing and grabing at the toys we would place on it . Our 21 month old newphew also used it and had no trouble feeding himself -LRB- he is a little short for his age -RRB- . When he would eat in it I would remove the fabric pad and just use the plastic pad and had no trouble with it . The straps do remove easily for washing and drying . They come off in two seprate pieces with two metal hooks conecting them to the back of the chair . And the color of the pad will hide a few small stains until you can wash it . This is a very well made highchair meant for years of use . We love this chair and would highly recommend it to anyone.Update
 I am a new mom . Everything on the market seems overwhelming and the best information you can get is from reviews . Sometimes it gets confusing because the product has extreme reviews from good to bad . I would recommend this highchair because it has proven to be durable . I washed the cover on gentle cycle , placed it flat to dry and was pleased with the results . A bonus feature of this chair is the many reclining features and the ease of use . It 's portable with a nice fabric design and priced right .
 We have had this chair for about 2 months now ! My son now 9 months old loves it ! It is very easy to use and sturdy ! We have been able to keep it very clean , not that my son has n't tried to mess it up ! I love that it works well in the low position , middle and high ! The tray is slightly high , but it has not been a problem at all ! I would buy this chair over again if I ever needed more than one ! An excellent buy for the money !
 We went to Babies R Us with the intentions to purchase a Graco high chair ! But after feeling this one in comparison to the Graco chairs , this was way more comfortable . The padding is much more soft!Now that we have owned this high chair for quite some time , I have to say it was one of the best decisions we made concerning baby products . I 'm not sure why some people say it 's hard to remove with one hand . I have a VERY active baby so removing it and putting it back on with one hand is a cinch!It 's very easy to keep clean . My son is a messy eater so food gets everywhere . But I 've had no problem with keeping it clean ! Also , I love the 5-point harness feature . That helps my son not to fall out as I remove the tray . He fits in it perfectly . I do n't feel that the tray is too high either.All in all , this high chair is a must have and it 's such a reasonable price too !
 We have this chair in another pattern but we love it ! We started putting our son in it when he was about 3 mos . old - I tilted the seat all the way back and could roll him from room to room with me . Even now , at 10 mos. , when he 's not feeling great , I put him in the chair and recline it so he can relax while I clean up . It was very easy to put together and I love that it folds up out of the way . Now that our son is eating cereal , etc. , we just roll it right up to the table so he can join the family dinner . There are a lot of cracks and crevasses that stuff gets stuck in but it cleans up easily enough .
 We bought two highchairs for our 4 month old twins . They love them ! They can recline and watch all the action going on in the kitchen . We love the color . It 's not that bright white that you see on so many others . It 's a neutral color that would look nice in any decor . It 's also so easy to use . I highly recommend this highchair to anyone .
 This is my third high chair and my child is only 7 months old ! I started with the wooden Eddie Bauer because I liked the way it looked and it matched my decor . I returned it because it did n't recline , the height was n't adjustable , it was hard and seemed uncomfortable , and it had no wheels . Plus , it did n't fold for storage . Next , I purchased the Evenflo Discovery High Chair . I loved most of the features -LRB- it reclined , the height was adjustable , it was a little more comfortable than the Eddie Bauer , it had wheels , and it folded for storage -RRB- except the seat was too deep and my child who is in the 95th percentile for height could barely see over the top . The activity center was way too loud and the graphics could not be seen by the baby . On that note they could n't really be seen in a normally lit kitchen by anyone . The seat would never sit all the way up and I had to prop a pillow behind my baby at every mealtime which was ridiculous . When I returned it I was told there was no defect that is just how the chair is made . I does n't keep your baby straight up . Finally , I brought my child to the store and sat him in the high chairs I was considering -LRB- below $ 100 -RRB- . I was so happy with the Baby Trend Palm Tree High Chair . It had ALL OF THE FEATURES I was looking for and it was super comfortable . Plus , it had shoulder straps , which when worn loosely added extra safety without restricting movement . This is the best choice in this price bracket . Trust me , I 've road tested three of them !
 I have had this highchair for almost two years -LRB- different pattern -RRB- . It has held up well . The features that I was looking for in a highchair were :1 . easy to clean2 . folds3 . reclines easily4 . sturdy5 . 5-point harnessI had a Peg Perego with my first son . It worked well but I did not care for the leatherette seat . It was very hard to wash and never looked clean -LRB- my sil had the same problem -RRB- . I did not like how the tray went in , and the tray was hard to fit in my sink to clean . Also there was this small indent all around the tray where the top of the tray meets the bottom and food would get stuck in it . You would n't notice it unless you were really giving it a good scrub . I had to scrap it out with my fingernail and it was disgusting . But there were just too many places on the chair that were hard to clean . Anyway , it was a good quality product but I did n't have 30 minutes after every meal to clean the chair properly . When my second son was born I got the graco easy chair which is a very basic chair , it was easy to clean however when my son started pulling himself up on furniture the highchair almost tipped over on him . It would have had I not been right there . So , back I went and after reading positve reviews on this chair I bought it . I must say I was hesitant about buying a chair with a fabric cover , but it washes well and is reversible . Much easier to just throw it in the wash than having to scub one . I ca n't complain about any of the features . I do n't have any problems with how the tray goes in but everytime my sister removes the tray she forgets that it does n't stop and spills everything on the floor . One of the pieces that holds the tray on in storage mode has broken . My husband thinks he can fix it , but I did use that feature quite a bit . Also , we recently moved and at our old house we had a newer maytag dishwasher with the tall-tub design and the removable tray fit fine in that but at our new house we installed a Bosch and the tray does not fit in that dishwasher.Overall for the money it is a very good product .
 This high chair is easy to clean -LRB- no nooks & crannies for food to hide in -RRB- and it stores better than any other high chair we have seen . It is designed to fold up in such a way that it will stand on it 's own when folded up and is narrow enough to tuck into a good storage spot , like a closet , without taking up much room . The various positions for siting up/reclining are excellent for infants up . We have been placing our baby in it since she was three weeks old to include her at the dinner table if she was awake during meal time.The seat belts at first seemed tedious to me , the shoulder belts fasten into the lap belt seperately and I wondered why so many parts to connect , until I realized it was so you can eliminate the shoulder belts for an older baby/toddler who can sit up just fine on their own . Knowing this , that makes sense and actually is a good feature .
 I purchased this high chair before all of the reviews ; it was new on the market . I liked it because of the various positions and the snap-on tray -LRB- dishwasher safe -RRB- . Most other chairs had a tray that just sat on top . This one snapped securely into place.I put off getting it out of the box because I had been putting furniture and toys together for the last six months . Finally , after feeding our angel on my lap for a month , I was ready to tackle anything . I scheduled one hour to put it together -LRB- obviously I did not read the box -RRB- . Two minutes later -LRB- had to snap the wheels on -RRB- I was finished!The neutral color is great and I hope it will last through a few more children . I love the design and the features . My best friend wants to have a baby just so she can buy one !!! I would give this 10 stars if I could !
 well i just bought my 7 month old son his first highchair ... . now for me it was an important desition since he was a 10 week premature baby and is small for his age . . weighing in now at 15 lbs and 25 inches it took alot of research to get the right one ... after reading hundreds of reviews and looking at tons of different models ... . i came across this one and i am so glad that i did ... . my lil one absolutly loves it ... it has a nice cushion so hes comfy and the tray is not too high ... i like the fact the he can sit completly staright in this chair along with the reclining feature ... 15 minutes after i put my son in the chair to see how it fits he was fast asleep in it ... i guess it comfy ... So i would highly recomend this chair to anyone looking ... i was gon na add a pic but since i didnt order it from amazon they wouldnt let me upload one ... . shame too he looked co cute .
 I love this chair and have used it from when my sons were 4 months old . They sit so comfortable in the reclining positions but now they are a year old and I want to sit them up to self feed and the tray is too high ! I noticed the Graco Harmony high chair comes with a chair pad to raise the baby up a bit . Im still feeding them without the tray to my dismay .
 This high chair is amazing ! First of all , everything is machine washable or dishwasher safe -LRB- except for the frame , of course -RRB- . It reclines almost all the way , to a very relaxed position , which makes it comfortable for her to hang out in , or helps the food stay in the mouth better -LRB- especially during the ` learning to eat ' period -RRB- . The height adjusts so that they can accompany you at your dining table , or a picnic -LRB- or Asian style meal -RRB- . The tray slides off and on very easily , but it honestly does n't fit in my dishwasher , which happens to be pretty large . It is very padded and has a 5 point harness , and it easily folds up if you want to store it against a wall ! So not only is it comfortable , it is extremely safe , practical , and functional . Plus , it is has very neutral tones that go with most decor , but has a nice pattern that hides stains well . If the tray would fit in my dishwasher I think it would be , by far , the best high chair on the market !
 I can not say enough about this chair , it is very easy to use and is reasonably priced . I thought that $ 90 was steep , but then I heard about the experiences my friends were having with the cheaper high chairs and it was well worth the money . So , to my fellow tight-wads out there , save yourself the hassle and spend the money on this chair , you wo n't regret it !
 I 'm on my second baby and wanted to get all the things I should 've gotten the first time . This is one of them . The first time I had an older , very basic high chair . This is much better . It was easy to assemble-five mins tops . I love the 2 tray feature . I have n't had to wash the cover yet . So far this is worth the money .
 MY BABY GIRL IS DUE SOON , SO I WENT TO THE BABIES R US LOOKING FOR A HIGH CHAIR TO PUT ON MY REGISTRY . I LOVED IT FROM THE MOMENT I SAW IT . I ESPECIALLY LIKE THE FACT THAT IT IS KITCHEN TABLE LEVEL .
 I ca n't say enough about this chair ! I came home from my baby shower and spent 2 days straight putting together every last little thing -LRB- ok , a bit silly but I was excited ! -RRB- One of the last gifts I decided to put together was this high chair , I was SOOO thankful when it slid out of the box COMPLETELY ASSEMBLED !!!! We began using it when my son was just a few weeks old because of his GERD he needed to sit up for an hour or more after he ate . We were able to recline him slightly -LRB- the chair reclines and sits up completely straight in several positions -RRB- . We put these little hand made pillows on either side of him to keep him upright . He was under 6 pounds -LRB- 5 weeks preemie -RRB- when we started using this . It worked great with the reflux . The height also adjusts to almost on the floor ... great for when tired new mom is laying on the couch and the pacifier keeps falling out of baby 's mouth ! The baby was at the same height as me laying on the couch!It also rolls VERY easily and is quite easy to maneuver around doorways and furniture . Now we use it for sesame street tv time ! Since my son is only 13 weeks now , we have not used the tray feature yet for feedings . The tray does seem to stick a bit when I have tried it , but maybe it will loosen a bit with more use.I do wish the straps adjusted tighter , but I know they are not meant to hold tiny newborns , we just stay close by when he is in it , I do n't think it is dangerous like he will fall out since it is a 5point harness , plus he is reclined enough that he would need to pull a magic act to get out around the straps.Definitely a GREAT purchase overall , VERY PLEASED !
 I have a 9 month old and we purchased this high chair in a different print . It has been a great chair in every way except for one . My so n't arm keeps getting stuck ! Every time he is eating he will put his arm down towards the ground and it gets stuck between the chair and the top of the legs . This is obviously frustrating to him but also seems to hurt quite a bit . I have to physically pry his arm out every time ! Keep this in mind when looking at high chairs .
 This chair is great ! I put my daughter in it while it was reclined back before she was 4 months , to drink her bottle , or just to hang out while we were eating dinner . Made her feel like part of the family . This chair is easy to recline and adjust height . The tray is a little tight at first but it 's a really good chair . It 's light print matches my Kitchen and Dining Room colors perfect !
 My daughter-in-law had TWIN GIRLS Jan. 2005 ... and now a SURPRISE PACKAGE is due May 28th :--RRB- This SUPER MOM & the SUPER DADDY , have a 9 year old son , and a leap day 2000 daughter , and of course the twin girls 8 months old ... This will be baby # 5 unless we get a SUPER SURPRISE and this is a multipal arrival.She loved the 2 ` PALM TREE ' HI CHAIRS I gave her for the TWINS so much , that she wants a THIRD one for the new arrival . I know its early , but I want to be sure she has the one she loves . Its great the way it has different positions , and the tray has a removable dish washer safe compartment toddler tray attachment . The padded chair cover cleans up like NEW !!! This is the truth !!! Great hi chair ... pretty pattern , and we love the beige rather than white frame .
 i have this chair as a present to my baby girl i love the chair i been using this since she born i recomended not just for high chair only my daugther love to watch tv on it because you could put it really low . we love this present a lot
 What a wonderful product . Came almost fully assembled -LRB- what a convenience -RRB- and made with thought and quality . Little Nicholas , my adorable grandson , who 's only six months old , can sit quite comfortably as the back reclines . So may adjustable features are present and comes apart for easy cleanup . I recommend this High Chair to anyone who wants a safe , quality product , worth every penny .
 I love this high chair . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Set-up is a snap . You just take the high chair out of the box and it is ready to go . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Love the neutral design . The beige works great in our home . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Great Features - height can be adjusted & seat reclines at different angles & tray can be set closer or further from the child . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Fabric has great cushion and is reversible . When reversible side is used there is no picture of the palm tree/animals and the outer frill edge is hidden . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The back of the seat is high enough and cushiony enough so if my son throws himself back - he is still safe . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Legs fold up for easy storage . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Removable dishwasher safe tray . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Has wheels and wheel-locks . -LRB- 9 -RRB- Have washed cushion several times and still looks great ! -LRB- 10 -RRB- 5 Point Harness - a must !
 I love this chair . It is so easy to use and the tray slides easily with one hand . -LRB- A big bonus when dealing with a wiggling baby . -RRB- It is easy to clean and I like how well the chair pad has come through the wash . Highly recommended !
 I had to post a review for this highchair . It is absolutely wonderful . We love it . We always thought we 'd buy the Peg Perego high-chair because my sister-in-law has one and she did much research and always seems to pick `` the best . '' However , we tried all of the high chairs out , just to be fair . I honestly have to say , this high chair does everything her expensive one does and a few things her does n't . The entire padding slips off and is machine washable . There is separate padding underneath the quilted padding that also is very easy to remove . THere are n't a lot of cracks or folds for food to hide , which is a plus . THe wheels and locks are great . It folds up so compact too . Much more compact than any other stroller I 've seen on the market . It can also be used as a youth chair and raised or lowered to table level . The seat also reclines 3 levels . I really have nothing bad to say ! Finally there is a great product with a great price !!
 After reading the reviews we decided on the Trend High Chair , and am very glad that we did ! We chose the Palm Tree print because it was nice and neutral and it looks great in our home . I was very surprised to see that it came fully assembled except for the tray and the wheels which were very easy to put on . The four-position recline and the six-position height adjustment are very easy to use . The tray was a little difficult to put on the chair with one hand but was not difficult to position with one hand . The five-point harness and the plastic bar between the legs are great safety features . The high chair also folds up compactly for storage and snaps open easily when it is ready to be used . It can also be easily wheeled around even on carpet . The seat padding is very nice and cushy compared to the vinyl padding on other high chairs my daughter seems to be very comfortable in it . I also like the fact that it is reversible and machine washable . This chair is such a great value compared to the Peg and Chicco models . Save the $ 50 - $ 110 this is a wonderful chair at a great price !!
 I recently bought this highchair for my 4 month old son . I love the multiple recline positions , the height adjustments and the extra large tray . Not to mention the 5 point harness and the comfy reversible padding . My 4 year old likes to help me feed her brother and the height adjustment allows the chair to almost sit on the floor and my daughter will sit in her little chairs and hold a bottle for her brother . The recline positions are great since my son ca n't sit up unsupported yet . The padding is so thick and cushiony and I almost wish that I could sit in it . This highchair also has a huge tray with a tray cover that is dishwasher safe . I do n't use the tray yet but it conveniently hangs on hooks on the back of the highchair . This chair also folds up pretty compactly and will stand on its own without having to lean against the wall or what not . This highchair is so wonderful that I have been recomending it to my friends who have children my son 's age . Great bang for the buck !
 I am totally satisfied with this purchase . I thought I was jumping the gun looking for a high chair even before the baby was born ! However , this high chair is designed to adjust from birth up the 40lbs . It adjusts in nearly every direction possible for the tired and busy new Mommy . For example , I can sit on the edge of my sofa and lower the high chair down to eye level and recline the seat until baby is in the perfect position for feeding . Furthermore , the chair can be adjusted up and forward so that the baby is pulled directly up to the dinner table - not some lone soul floating out away from the table while the family eats ! I am totally pleased with myself -LRB- and my girlfriend Nicole -RRB- for making this purchase .
 I love the fabric , cushioned seat and so does my 7 month old daughter . I was a little worried about getting it soiled , so we put a fabric protector on it . I have n't even had to wash it yet . I 've just wiped off any little drop that has gotten on it . I ca n't say enough about the ability to roll it around . I wheel her from room to room if I need to . The removable tray is a big plus too . Setup took about 5 minutes . The fabric is very neutral and is n't too babyish , but it does have the adorable and tasteful palm tree logo on it . The chair my son used was difficult to tilt without him in the chair . This one , I can tilt up and down with her in it . The price was exceptional too . What can I say , except PERFECT !!
 This high chair is one of the best and I 'm SO glad I got it ! 1 . JPMA certified - a must ! 2 . Easy set up3 . Easy height adjustment4 . Easy seat recline for different angles - great for the unexpected nap ! 5 . Removable tray - easy to clean6 . Wheel locks - great for when your little one starts roaming the kitchen ! 7 . 5 point harness - a must for safety ! 8 . High center wedge - a must ! This separates babies legs and helps keep baby from standing up easily . It also ensures her legs do not get caught between the wedge & the tray.I have NO complaints whatsoever about this product . Some reviewers have indicated the tray seems too high but I find that to be a plus . It helps keep baby in the chair and focused on food ! Others complained that the tray is heavy and slides off too easily . I just move it slowly and make sure it clicks in to place and I have had no problems.I highly recommend this chair !
 I purchased this chair about a month ago , and so far have been very pleased . I have been especially pleased with the ease of assembly -LRB- just snap the wheels on -RRB- , ease & range of recline , and removable tray . One of the things that drew me to this chair was the muted taupe coloring & design , however I did not want to sacrifice functionality for style . After researching and reading reviews , I decided that I would not be comprising on quality of product to get the style I preferred . I first purchased the Graco harmony chair in the Clarion print to match my pack-n-play , but when it arrived broken , I returned it , and decided to do additional research before purchasing a replacement . I have to say , I have been pleased with the exchange ... I was somewhat disappointed with the Graco when I opened the box and saw all the cheap plastic parts I was going to have to put together . Although I never had the opportunity to actually use the Graco -LRB- or even assemble it -RRB- , I believe this to be a superior product . The only improvement I would suggest would be the ability to fold up for more compact storage when not in use .
 I recently bought this chair at our local Babies R Us store . I ca n't say enough wonderful things about it . My 5 month old loves it . I can tell she feels like a big girl now in her own chair . It came fully assembled except for the bottom coasters . The brakes work wonderully even on hardwood and ceramic tile . Everything can be done with one hand . I know we will definitely get our moneys worth on this chair .
 We have been using this high chair since our daughter began on solids at 4 months . At first we used it without the tray and the recline feature was very useful . We even used it as a seat around the house , it is very convenient and comfortable . Now that she is 10 months old and we would like to let her feed herself some , we want to use the tray but it is way too high . It is almost up to her chin , and she is no small baby ! I do n't like that this problem is interfering with her learning how to feed herself . Also , the tray is very difficult to slide on and off , requires both hands . Lastly , a fabric cushion is proving to be an unwise choice . While traveling we borrowed a small , simple high chair that worked perfectly and was just the right size . We spent big $ to get the fancy chair because we lacked experience to know any better , but in retrospect probably should have gone with something a lot simpler . I 'm kicking myself for spending so much money on this chair !
 I 'm very happy with this highchair . It has a lot of great features and is very versatile . In addition to eating in it , my son sits and plays in it , watches Baby Einstein videos while sitting in it , etc. . It can easily be rolled around the house , brought out onto the deck , and so forth . Moreover , the fabric is very stain resistant - food and other things wipe off easily with a wet cloth , and it 's easy to machine wash and dry in the dryer .
 I like everything about the highchair except that the tray is difficult to move with one hand and the position of the tray is very high for an infant . I 'm sure it will be better when my daughter gets a little bigger , and hopefully with a some time , the tray will slide much easier . As far as the other features , the recline options are great , the seat position is versatile for different heights , and the wheels roll well on carpet and vinyl . I love how well padded it is too . It seems very comfortable . Overall , a great buy .
 I love this highchair . It is very comfortable for my daughter-the recline feature is great . It 's cute-but not too babyish and it looks nice in my kitchen because of its neutral colors . It 's easy to work and easy to clean .
 My son is so comfortable in this chair . I love the colors , I love how it reclines , and most of all I love how it folds up and lowers for storage . I put the high chair in the lowest position and close the legs only 1 notch so it 's still stable to stand and I put it under a desk/organizer in my kitchen instead of a chair , it 's a great place for storage and I ca n't believe how small this high chair can become . I really like that it has a cloth cover because it 's so soft and comfortable for my son . My brother has a chair with a plastic type pad and it 's gross ! It is hard and food gets caked in the creases no matter how much they clean it . My little guy just started eating on his own so I bought 2 Eddie Bauer cotton denim convertable carseat covers for $ 4.00 each at a local discount store . It takes me 2 seconds to put it on and he can make a big mess and I do n't mind , I wash one and use one .
 This high chair is great . I used it for my son from the first week after he was born . He always loved to be sat up so he could see everything around him , so the reclining feature was great . He is now 8 months old and we use it everyday . The restraints/seat belts make it safe for him while we clean up or get his food ready . The wheels make it easy to push from dining to kitchen to family room . The different height adjustments are great when seated at the couch or at the dining table .
 This highchair is so easy . I love the cloh material . It 's easy to take off and throw ino the wash . The padding comes all the way up on the sides , unlike the other chairs . It is so easy to recline . The tray comes of for easy clean up . I can roll her around the house so she can sit and play . We were oiginally going to get the Fisher Price Aquarium Highchair until we compared them . This highchair is more sturdy than the other ones . We wanted one with the toys , but we put her in it and put toys on the tray and she plays just fine . I just love this one over all the other ones .
 Before I bought a chair I came to this site to look at all of the reviews that were listed . This chair was rated highly so when we went to the store to buy I had it narrowed down to three chairs . I picked this one because it seemed easy to use and it wouldnt look obnoxious in our breakfast room . We have had it now for three months and I love it . It is very easy to clean and easy to use . I had wanted the Peg Perego leather chair but at $ 180 I think this one looks just as nice for almost $ 100 less . ANd it works great ! Great buy .
 In response to the people complaining about the fabric `` bunching '' after washing ... the label CLEARLY states to `` DRIP DRY . '' The only way the cushion could look the way they are describing is if they are tossing it in the dryer . I have washed mine many times and have left it out to dry . It looks as perfect as when I first took it out of the box . It dries very quickly . The only negative I have is that the tray is a bit difficult to slide on ... not exactly one-handed as it says .
 this is a great highchair . my daughter loves to be in the highest position so she can `` eat '' with the rest of the family . i didnt think i would like the wheels but moves easily and the wheels lock for safety . the best feature is the reclining positions . we got this highchair when my daughter was 5 months old and we didnt even start her on solids until 6 months old . it was nice for her to hang out while i cook or the family was eating .
 I picked out this chair and got it and the Prima Pappa as gifts . For the price , this is a far better value . The recline and height adjustments are easy to use and very convenient for our two dining tables . I agree with some of the other moms that the tray comes up a bit high on my daughter 's chest and she 's tall for her age , compared to the Prima and chairs she uses at sitter and Grandma 's . I found this issue with my 2 Baby Trend strollers as well . Overall though , excellent quality and easy to use .
 I have used this highchair since my infant was 4 months old . I used it without the tray and she liked being able to sit up and watch us at the kitchen table . I started using the tray recently at around 8 months and the tray is still pretty high . With the raised edge she still ca n't see little pieces of food that are on the tray . At 9 months its still about armpit height for her . I wish I could lower it for her.She likes it and I like everything else about the highchair .
 I used this chair for my daughter who is 21/2 since she was a newborn , I wheeled her around the house with me , never had a problem with it ... she was very comfortable feeding , and napping in it , we 're expecting our second child next month , and plan to use the highchair for him aswell ... . I have the seat cover that is all fabric ... no vinyl , I wash in gentle cycle ... AND put it in the dryer , has n't ruined it yet after 2 and a half years .
 This chair is GREAT ! It 's SO easy to put together ... because you basically do n't have to.The reclining positions are wonderful . We started to use it at 21/2 months and are really pleased with it .
 This highchair has been my best baby item purchased so far ! I am so pleased with it . First of all , no tools required to assemble , it is practically ready to go when it is shipped to you . Second , it folds up so , so nicely ! My home is becoming overwhelmed by baby stuff and this chair folds up so small that I can slide it away and out of sight when not in use . Lastly , I feel okay about walking away from my daughter for a moment while she is strapped into the chair . The harness adjusts so she fits so snug and comfy in the chair , I have no worries of her slipping out and my baby girl is small and slim . She began using this chair at 4 months and we are all very happy with it.Most of the complaints I have read about any highchair is that the tray is too high for the child sitting in the chair ... I say this is a plus ... the food is closer to the mouth , less mess.I did a lot of research on highchairs before deciding to purchase this one . I highly recommend this chair to anyone wanting a highchair that is safe , easy to use and easily stored . It has all the usual bells and whistles -LRB- adjustable height , reclining seat , etc. -RRB- I repeat , my best baby item purchase so far !!
 I love this highchair . The colors are great . I love the fact that it reclines . The first time I put my baby in it was when she was about 4 months old and I though when my husband was assembling it that she would be too young for it - well , I was wrong and if I knew that the seat reclines so much I would start putting her in there at 3 months or even younger . My baby just looks so comfortable in it . Also , I wish I knew earlier that there is a travel system out there just like it - I would buy it too but oh well ...
 I bought this chair because of all the great reviews . I do love it , but the tray is so hard to move , that when I try , I end up removing it completely , to then have a tough time putting it back . I have opted for reclining the seat in order to put my son in . Also , the seat cover ca n't be put in the dryer . The vinyl padding underneath does n't really seem fit to use alone . it slides out of place and my son can rip it right off.Otherwise it 's a great chair . The wheels work great , even on carpet . The removable tray makes it much easier to put the food directly on a CLEAN tray . My son can not remove the tray as with my other highchair .
 This chair has lasted through my two kids with flying colors . I originally thought - ick , the fabric is going to be so much harder to keep clean over the plastic chairs , but not so . You just whip off the cover and throw it in the wash once a week and no more scrubbing caked-on spaghetti sauce by hand . The fabric holds up beautifully in the wash - no staining , ripping , and in this light color - no noticable fading . The straps can be tricky to thread through the little holes in the cover , but with a little practice , it 's not bad at all . This chair was so comfy and even great for infants when you just needed to set them down somewhere . Just tip the seat back , strap them in and they can hang out with you while you 're in the kitchen . The tray is pretty high for them at this age , but just fine when they grow a bit bigger.I like how the tray comes off easily and hooks on the back for storage . The clip on extra tray is a godsend and fits just fine in my dishwasher . It also folds up easily when you need a little extra kitchen space . The adjustable height allowed my kids to sit at the table with us -LRB- without the tray -RRB- when they started wanting to be more `` grown up '' . We all know how much fun THAT is.I have absolutely no regrets over purchasing this chair . It 's well built , durable , easy to use , comfy for baby , and looks great in this particular pattern and not all disgustingly cutesy .
 We moved our little guy to this seat after he became a bit bored with the significant recline on the Graco Snug Ride . At 16 lbs . he was small enough to stay in the Snug Ride a bit longer , but he really did n't like to be reclined so much . After more and more complaints during each car ride , I installed this seat , and he did n't say another word ! He loved this seat , and nearly a year later , still does . I am just preparing to order another one for our next baby.The Snug Ride is really good through the winter , since they can stay snuggled inside the seat cover while getting in and out of the car . But come spring , he was ready for something a little more grown up!I do n't know what the previous reviewer was talking about relating to the buckle being too close to the crotch , I have never experienced that problem with this seat . And if I am not mistaken , there are two positions for that buckle , but we are still using the closest one.As far as the size , it is a big seat , and in my Toyota Highlander , in the rear facing position , it is tight against the seat in front of it , and my husband would just as soon move the seat back a little more , but it is all worth it to have a very happy , comfy camper in the back seat . And I do n't think it will be a problem at all once we are able to turn the seat around.Regardless , this is a terrific seat , and I will be purchasing a second one for the next baby !
 After our son out grew his Graco Snug Ride infant car seat . We started to research convertibles car seats . The Britax Marathon 's name came up in every online forum as well as writing reviews giving this seat very high ratings.We visited a local store in our area who carried the Britax Marathon as we wanted to see how it would fit our child . We were very pleased that the seat has a growth potential of up to 65 lbs and 49 '' in height . This calculates that on average a child can stay in this seat in a five point harness until the approximate age of a five year old ... reassuring.As most seats on the market have five point harnesses that have a weight limit of 40lbs . The Marathon would allow us more long term growth instead of transitioning into a booster early on and bipassing the shoulder/lap belt combination.We shopped online and found that babies r us had a large selection . However the more we researched we found the prices to be considerably lower and made our purchase from -LSB- ... -RSB- They had a great selection as well but the same seat was offered at -LSB- ... -RSB- shipping included.Our seat arrived just a short four days later . The Britax 's owners manual was easy to read and the seat installation with the LATCH system was simple to install . However I found it a little more difficult TETHER the seat in the rear facing postion . Once installed the seat was very secure and did not have any movement as compared to the our Graco infant seat.Our son seemed to be so happy from the get go . The harnesess were easy to adjust and we liked the fact that there was excellent side wall protection . I especially liked how soft the fabric is to the skin and the belly pad that adds a little extra comfort to the legs from the belt buckle in case it may get hot from direct sun light.We are very happy with our purchase and highly recommend this seat to all .
 The Britax Marathon is wonderful . As a concerned parent I wanted a seat that would offer a 5-point harness for as long as possible . Thats where the Britax Marathon shines through all the other seats that I reviewed . The Marathon allows any child to remain in this seat up to 49 '' in length and or 65 lbs . Thats equivelent to a five your old.Not so happy with the color selection that Britax offers for a boy . -LRB- ... -RRB- They also offered many other prints at the same price for substantially less than most other companies online.The seat arrived shortly thereafter and was nicely boxed . I did have difficulty finding the instructions that were tucked underneathe the front seat fabric which I thought was a strange place to put them . However the seat was extremely easy to install and did not take up much room in my VW Jetta.Wonderful Seat and price !
 You can not go wrong with a Britax Marathon unless it does n't fit in your car for some reason . My daughter still happily sits in her Marathon at 5 and a half , and still fits in it beautifully . The people who complain about the buckles being close to the baby , well , if the buckles are n't fitting close to their body , you need to have a certified child passenger safety technician look at how you 're buckling your child to figure out what you 're doing wrong . Parenting experience or experience selling car seats at BRU does not a car seat expert make . Please , parents , talk only to CPSTs about your car seat concerns . They are the only ones who are trained to give you the proper advice . As for older kids being mad about sitting in a `` baby '' car seat , who is the parent ? My daughter sits in hers , and does n't know any other option , because I tell her it 's the safest place for her . End of story . - CPST and happy Marathon owner
 I have three of these car seats and LOVE them . I believe they are the safest on the market . Easy to install with latch and they do n't move once they are installed ! I would HIGHLY recommed Britax to anyone in the market - my kids love them and I know they are safe . Best money I have spent on car seats !
 We bought this carseat for our son when he was -LSB- ... -RSB- , he is now -LSB- ... -RSB- . We love this carseat . It was easy to install and I love how the straps NEVER twist . EXCELLENT QUALITY !!!
 What a great seat !!! Excellent growth for the long term . I especially like the sides of the seat that offer great side impact protection . Also a five point harness that accomodates a child up to 65lbs and 49 '' in length . The 5-point harness was super easy to use and adjust . Seat installation was a breeze with the latch system included.I bought my seat online at travelingtikes.com who 's prices were far lower than any other advertised price by more than fifty dollars shipping included ... right on ! I purchsed the tan seat `` portland '' that best matched our car interior.Im so happy that Britax is rated so well and that their seat is such a household name which made my purchase that much easier to research.My little guy is styling !!!
 So many convertibles car seat to choose from but the Britax Marathon name kept coming up in every online review as well as every online forum.I was very pleased that the Marathon can handle a child up to 65lbs in a five point harness . No other seat that I reviewed offered this feature . I also liked the fact that the seat was very easy to use and install with the latch and tether strap.My son fit nicely at age 7 months and the transition from infant car seat was very pleasant for him as he did not like his Peg Perego Primo Viaggio . -LRB- ... -RRB- They offered a great selection of colors to choose from and had the color I wanted in stock.I believe I made the best choice after very carefull review and hope that this add if published help those whom review my comments .
 Britax Marathon was the easy chioce for me . Excellent growth up to 49 '' -65 lbs as a 5-point harness . The seat was extremely easy to install with the latch system and versa tether strap.I especailly liked the head support on the side which is reassuring for side impacts . The marathon is well padded and my 7 month old Jack looks so comfy in his seat that I wanted to jump in there with him.There are better prices online as one amazon consumer stated in her review online about traveling tikes.com . They are selling the same marathon at $ 219.99 shipping and tax included . They had a great selection of patterns to choose from which made it easy for me to make my decision.Im one totally satisfied consumer !
 Newborns have really delicate skin , and if your 's is like my daughter , will break out very easily when washed with a harsher soap.This baby bath was great for washing body AND hair for her whole first year . Never dried her skin out ONCE.We had received other types as gifts and returned them all when we saw how her skin became dry and red when we used them on her.Super super super !! Can not say enough great things about the Aveeno baby products!I plan to use them again on my new arrival due in May .
 Got this for my son when he was 2 . He would soothe himself to sleep with the ease of the buttons adding light and music as he wished . He is currently 10 and still uses this lamp . About 3 years ago I changed the lampshade to a older kid style , -LRB- that wasnt easy to do , is major modification fyi -RRB- And we just walked about upgrading to something else , but hey he does still love this thing ! I logged on here to show him what the original shade looked like and felt compelled to write this review.Really great for 2 and up.Easy to turn light and music on and off.Really well built , still going for us after 8 years !
 My 7-year old loves this lamp he got when he was 6 . It is easier for him to turn on and off than a traditional light switch , and he loves the alarm clock that he can set himself , as well as the radio with the sleep timer . This was an incredible deal .
 I love all aveeno products . I have sensitive skin and whenI shower with this product I do n't itch .
 I used baby bath tubs designed to fit in the kitchen sink with my 3 kids and was surprised to find them not readily available in stores anymore when my oldest had twins . This tub is similar to the ones I used and better designed . Why lean over a bathtub when you can comfortably bathe babies in the kitchen sink ?
 I love this actual item . I bought this to add to the set I already had . When my first child was born she was in a one window bedroom and when my son was born , he was in a two window bedroom . This item was EXPENSIVE for just one valance .
 This is a great stroller if you have taller children . My daughter is 4 and she 's quite the stringbean . Other strollers often are too short and her feet hang over . This one is perfect for her . There are no issues with my other child who is 1 . There 's tons of space , pockets , storage room . The only thing I do n't like is trying to turn the stroller . The front wheel does not swivel , making it difficult to turn . It would be great on a path that 's perfectly straight . I find myself picking up the back of the stroller to get it around a corner . Kinda hard to do and very inconvienant if you ask me . Other than that , I really like this stroller . There is a swivel wheel conversion kit you can purchase for an extra $ 65 .
 I just purchased this and basically , it 's a great double jogger ! It 's high quality , looks great , has convenient storage , the ride is incredible , my kids loved it , and when I was jogging , it was easy to push and even ` veer ' to the left or right to manuever suburban sidewalks , etc.The cons , to me , are that I do n't actually jog that much ! I wanted a comfy jogger for my kids for my ` mega-mom walks ' at night ! When I 'm walking very briskly , it 's pretty easy to push despite my collective 70 lbs of kid . It 's almost impossible to turn when at rest , though . I was a bit frustrated as I thought the axis kit worked with the ditto deluxe and it does not ! That 's a bummer . I would otherwise have never purchased this one . Trying to turn this jogger if you 're walking can really start to hurt your back.My 2 toddlers are very tall , ages 3 and 4 , and they have plenty of space to grow . Plenty of leg and head room . This fits throught our standard door , too . I likely wo n't return this jogger but I 'm miffed that I do n't have the most convenient stroller to just take a walk with .
 First off , let me say that you can get the same product at a lower price , even here on Amazon.Happi Tummi Natural Colic Relief Waistband BlueThe following is copied from my review on the page linked to above : When our son was a newborn he had a really tough time with gas . We hated to see him in pain , so we tried everything . His doctor recommended putting warm wash cloths on his tummy while he lay on his back for a few minutes to let the bubbles come together and then burping him . We had some success with that , and when we saw this it looked like a similar treatment with a little less trouble.It works pretty well . It usually helped calm him down . As a veteran of the Tummy Wars I would suggest this or the warm wash clothes , combined with Baby 's Bliss Gripe Water 4 oz . and Mylicon -LRB- it 's safe to use both -RRB- and comfort from you.It does get better ! Good luck !
 I have never had a diaper rash cream work like this . It is not a heavy paste and does n't leave any white icky mess and you do n't have to wipe it off everytime you diaper , just slather more on as you need to . It clears up any rashes or irritations quickly and naturally . If you cloth diaper with special pocket diapers , this item is a must as it does n't contain chemicals that may harm the fabric or waterproofing . I would recommend it for disposable diapering as well - less messy than other rash ointments and more natural !!! Always better for baby !
 This is the first diaper ointment that I have found that is safe with cloth diapers and does what it is ment to . Clears up diaper rash within 1 day if baby is allowed to air out right after ointment is applied . Takes 2 days if not aired out . I gave it to my sister for her baby shower and she liked it so I got some for my baby after she was born . With my boys I tried desitin , butt paste , aveno , almost all the store brands availbale and they hardly ever worked this is the best and I plan to purchase more . A little goes a long way .
 I bought this for my daughter before she was born knowing that we would be using cloth diapers and wanting only natural products touching her little bum . The cream works wonderfully , never allowing her to keep a rash for more than two diaper changes and usually obliterating it in one . Also , it smells delicious and is exceptionally easy to apply . She had to start daycare at 11 weeks and her teachers tell me all the time how much they love it ! They prefer it because it smells and works the best out of all the creams that parents send in . I also like it because it is made locally . ON a side note , however , if my daughter ever got a really bad rash -LRB- although she has n't so far because this cream prevents her from doing so -RRB- I would use a different ointment . My son -LRB- 4 -RRB- got a bad rash on the tops of his legs when we went tubing about 2 months ago because he walked around all day in wet shorts ; I tried to use this and it stung him -LRB- the sting went away almost immediately , however , as did the rash . -RRB- It has never stung my daughter 's light pink rashes , so I think this only happens if the rash is extreme . Overall , this product works great and is quality made .
 This smells absolutely great . it goes on smooth and clear , like a body butter but less greasy . it does n't gunk up on my baby girl 's parts either . I use it both with cloth diapers and the night-time disposibles and my baby has n't gotten even so much as a red bum . I just ordered a second big one and a small travel-sized one that they also sell .
 I tried all the major things to provide some relief to my baby during his colic times . He has intestinal gas so badly , it sounds like there 's thunderstorms in there . The gas drops did n't work - the active ingredient does n't work on intestinal gas -LRB- check it out on Wikipedia -RRB- . Other gripe waters helped sometimes and other times not . Since Colic Calm had a money back guarantee on their website , I decided to try it . WOW !!! I 'm still at a loss as to how this stuff works , but I 'm so happy that it does . When my baby gets fussy , I just give him a half-dose of this stuff and he quiets down almost immediately . As an added bonus it gets rid of those pesky hiccups instantly -LRB- seriously ! -RRB- . I highly recommend it.Along with the good , comes a bit of downside . You have to be VERY careful when administering this because it stains terribly . Get the Numimed dispenser and put a bib on your baby so any drool afterwards gets on the bib and not their clothes .
 I 'm a first time parent . My son started to suffer from colic about 1.5 month . It was so hard
 I bought this spray for my son with eczema , when he was born he got butt rash very often . It smells very clean and is easy to use . You do n't have to wait till you childs bottom is dry . I keep it around for the middle of the night changes . The spray worked within 3 or 4 days and it makes him smell like essential oil !
 I was toying with the idea of getting a MacLaren , Chicco or Combi umbrella stroller . Do n't look any further !!! This stoller is perfect . It reclines , it washes well -LRB- yes , we 've owned it a day and already have made a mess in it ! -RRB- , my son seems to be comfortable , the handles are a great height , the canopy is awesome -LRB- you can see through the top ! -RRB- . Buy this stroller - you will love it .
 Like the stroller , specially back support seems good . Usually umbrella strollers don ; t have such good back support.Easy to fold unfold.Only thing which it lacks is the weight , it is almost as heavy as normal strollers , I was hoping it to be little bit lighter for easy carrying around . Also the foot rest is little short , so it is not comfortable for kid to sleep.Overall serves the purpose of sturdy compact stroller .
 I love this stroller . it is heavier than other umbrella strllers , which is a bonus . It does n't feel flimsy like the lighter weight imbrella strollers . My daughter is 7 months old and very squirmy . it is easy to fold and lift with one hand which is priceless if you live in a large city . I just wish it had a bar across the front and it would be perfect . I have no complaints , it handles nicely and the price was awesome . I also own a Graco Quarto Tour Deluxe and love Graco products . i do wish the seating postions were a bit better , but again , overall , this stroller is amazing .
 This stroller is an amazing deal . It folds and opens so easily . I love the 5 point harness . And it is so easy to recline the seat when my little one is sleeping or raise it when she wakes . I only gave it 4 stars because it is a little heavy , at almost 20 pounds , but it is a wonderful stroller .
 This stroller is the best ! I bought it to use with my grandchildren -LRB- 9 ! -RRB- when they visit . Each of my daughters -LRB- 4 -RRB- wanted it when they saw it . Strongly built but lightwieght . Attractive and easy to use . Suitable for a younger child or an older one . This stroller has a good size storage area underneath as well as a sun shade . The only thing it lacks is a cup holder . You will not go wrong with the Graco IPO .
 This is a nice stroller . I bought this one over the Chicco Capri because it can hold up to a 50 pound child , has a multi position recline and I have a 2 year old and 4 year old . The only 2 negative comments I have is the way the seat reclines and the adjustable leg rest . I like the fact that it reclines all the way , but my 4 year old is less than 40 pounds and when he sits in it , his weight reclines the seat pretty far back , although he does n't seem to mind , and there is no way for me to make the seat sit fully upright when he is in it . Also , I do n't see the point in the adjustable leg rest . Either mine does n't work properly or it was just a poor design . OVERALL , I like this stroller . It folds up nicely , does n't take up a lot room when folded , strolls nicely , and looks nice .
 I bought this stroller for my 2 year old . I have big kids and needed something that would last awhile with their height and weight . This stroller is awesome . It is strong and durable , but also light and compact . I have used it alot since I purchased it and it goes anywhere and everywhere . The great thing is that my 5 year old still can fit in it . I would say the only draw back that I have seen so far is there is not a cup holder or tray . Other than that , it is wonderful !!!
 I am so pleased with this stroller , I ca n't say enough great things about it . It is easy to open , close and use . It is light , efficient and got me back outside walking on a consistent basis . I highly recommend this stroller to anyone looking for a good , quality , easy to use `` must have '' .
 I was looking for a stroller that reclined , had a basket , and was light weight and easy to carry around . This stroller has all three .
 I purchased this stroller for my tall and thin 2 yr old . He has outgrown his Graco Quattro Tour stroller and while I could have changed strollers long ago , I was n't committed to looking for a new one until I realized I had to because his knees touched the tray in front of him . We are n't joggers or outdoorsy-type people , and while the jogging strollers are great for taller kids they seemed too bulky for day-to-day use . I really like this Graco IPO stroller . It is small enough for shopping easily in malls or stores and has a small basket under the seat to store merchandise while shopping . The stroller can handle my purse hanging from the handles on the back without my son riding in it ! I also like that it folds up very small and will recline . The reclining feature is a little strange , but it works ! It does n't stand alone , but I do n't find this to be as a problem . I am very happy with this stroller , and very happy that I did n't have to spend $ $ $ .
 We wanted a compromise between a compact umbrella stroller and a large , durable , one . This stroller gives us just that . It 's rugged and provides a smooth ride . Easy seat adjust . Easy setup and collapse . Fits nicely in the trunk -- smaller than a golf bag . Only complaint is the canopy . It can detach easily during stroller setup/collapse ; and it only has 2 positions -LRB- expanded/collapsed -RRB- . The height of handles is fine for both my wife and I. I am 5 ' 11 '' and she 's 5 ' 3 '' . I do n't have to hunch over . Overall , this has been a great stroller . We 've had it about 21/2 months now .
 I love the fact this stroller reclines but unfortunately it does n't really sit up right even when `` all the way up '' my son is always leaning up to `` see '' . I bought it because it is so lightweight and folds compactly like a true umbrella stroller . Overall I am still pleased . I wish it had cup holders though and the handles are taller than most but it would be nice if the extended a little taller ! I guess you ca n't have everything !
 Love this stroller . It is a breeze to assemble , light , easy to carry . It folds compactly with one hand -LRB- wonders when you 're holding a chunky squirmer -RRB- , turns on a dime , and the handles are comfortable for extended walks . The front wheels can be locked for pushing over grass or other rougher surfaces , and surprisingly it works really well . My 6 month old rides in it with no trouble , and it will easily accomodate her growing little body for well over a year . The seat is cushioned , the ride is smooth . Two drawbacks - the sunshade does n't extend out very far , offering limited protection at best . It also attaches kind of funky - you have to fold back the fabric on the side bars and snap it over a little button , which does n't hold it securely at all . I overcame this by purchasing a rayshade by kiddtopomus for $ 11 . The other minor drawback is that the seat does not come up all the way . It lets down smoothly for sleeping , but baby has to sit slightly reclined when it is pulled up as far as it will go . My girl does n't seem to mind this at all , but other babies might . I do n't have a problem with the small storage area underneath , or the lack of cup-holders . If you 're not struggling with juggling a baby AND a bag , it is pretty easy to push a stroller and sip on drink .
 I did weeks of research before buying this stroller . I looked and test drove strollers from $ to very $ $ $ . I mostly decided on this one because of the price compared to other models that looked just like it . I LOVE it !!! Easy to put together . It is also super easy to unfold/fold and push . It turns on a dime ! Has locking back wheels and locking swivel wheels in the front . A feature I would n't have even though was important till you stop on an incline to watch animals at the zoo . I have used this already at 2 zoos , metro , and many trips shopping . It reclines fully so my 2 year old can sleep comfortably . The leg rest adjust for extra comfort . Has a good sized basket . If you are looking to carry everything and the kitchen sink ... then you need to keep using your full size travel system stroller . This holds a sweater , my purse , smaller bags and , food/drinks . The handle height is perfect . I 'm 5 ' 3 but my husband is 6 ' 3 and says it is perfect for him and he does n't kick the wheels . Has great locking system so it does n't unfold when packing up . Does not tip over with bags/purses/diaper bag on the handles . And the 5 point harness breaks apart so you can use it completely or just the lap belt . My 2 year old has plenty of room to grow . It holds 50 lbs , but she will definitely be out walking before she ever outgrows it . I put my 4 year old 40 lbs . niece in it and it drove and felt the same pushing as with my much smaller daughter . Folds up small and is machine WASHABLE !!! Great color for boy or girl . CONS
 We bought this stroller and could not be more impressed . I bought it over the Evenflo xsport because of the 5 point harness that can also be a 3 point as well ... It reclines perfectly , even for my newborn . It is so sturdy and the handles are a perfect height , great for tall men and women alike . I read the reviews about the canopy but these people must not have put it on right . If you put it in the proper place about 1/2 way down , where the fabric has a break in it before it reattaches , fitting the hole on the clip over the rivet it stays on perfectly . Easy to put together . LOVE IT ! LOVE IT !
 I bought this for my almost 2.5 and 4.5 year old boys - we wanted something more `` significant '' for their bigger sizes . It fits them well , it 's a little tough to turn , but maybe with more use , the wheels will turn faster . Nice height and comfy seat . It does n't sit completely straight up , and a tray or cup holder for sippy cups would be nice , but overall a nice size for bigger kids .
 I like this stroller because it 's compact and pushes nicely . I love that it reclines ! The only thing I do n't like is that sometimes I kick the wheels when I 'm walking because they 're close together , but most umbrella strollers are like that . All in all , it 's a great stroller !
 After some research , we decided to buy this umbrella stroller , because of three things :1 . Space
 The product arrived in good condition , very good quality , very comfortable for my son , I recommend it to everyone in my family loves . Thank you very much
 I 'm very satisified with this stroller
 I 'm sick of having different strollers for different occasions
 I love this stroller ! I have owned 6 strollers in total for my 20 month old and was never satisfied . My daughter is big for her age and the light-weight strollers did n't feel too sturdy when I would turn the stroller . This one moves great and turns smoothly on a dime!The basket is the perfect size for my diaper bag and the one-hand fold is great ! The only drawback is the lack of a cup holder for the parents , but I ordered the Buddy Buggy organizer and think this will work out great!My daughter loves the stroller and has plenty of room to grow into it . It 's umbrella-style fold leaves plenty of room in the trunk of my SUV for groceries.I am relieved to be able to stop searching for the perfect stroller , since I have found it !!!
 We bought the Latte version of the stroller for our 20 month old daughter , and she loves it ! We live overseas and must use a compact stroller . She had used the Combi from about two months old , but she was growing taller and the Combi was feeling more and more cramped for her . This stroller is a little larger and heavier than the Combi , but the quality is also much better . My husband did n't like the Combi because his feet would always hit the wheels , though at 6 ' 1 '' he does n't have any problems with the Ipo . Some of our favorite things : - Very simple compact fold . You do n't even need directions to figure out how to fold it , and there 's still lots of room left in the trunk after you put the stoller in.-Good size storage basket . I get about twice as much in this basket as I did in the Combi.-Nice , large reclining seat for a growing toddler.-VERY easy to steer , even with one hand.We also bought a cup holder and added it to the back of the frame . It fits nicely and is very convenient , though you have to be careful when folding the stroller or else it can pop off.We compared this with the Maclaren and not only was this cheaper , but I also liked it much better than the low end Maclarens.Edited May 19 , 2008 to add
 I bought this stroller for my heavy 1 year old daughter , and sometimes my 3 year old uses it , I had a Chicco umbrella that fell apart.The pros : SturdyManuevers well , even with very heavy childrenTall handles , I am 5 ' 9 '' and my husband is 6 ' 1 '' and it fits perfectlyVery compact size , fits through shopping aisles in crowded storesEasy to fold , one stepReclines easily and enough for a child to fall asleep inEasy locking wheelsWhen folded it is very compact would fit perfectly in a small carVery comfortable , even has an option to lower or lift the leg restNice size basket that is easy to get toThe price is pretty reasonable , it is cheaper than the Maclaren and nicer in many waysCons : The directions to put it together were not very clear , MAKE sure you do n't put the wheels on before opening the stroller . Also the canopy has a specific spot it has to go on the stroller , but the directions do n't make that clear , if you just pop the canopy on near the handles it will come off easily.This is not a super light stroller , but it is not ridiculously heavy like a jogging stroller.I have three kids age 8 , 3 and 1 and have had many strollers , this is the best buy I have made , I am very happy with it
 I was excited to try out this stroller after researching it . We have a Graco travel system that we love and wanted an umbrella version for when our son grows out of the travel system stroller . This stroller gives you everything a travel stroller does -LRB- large basket , reclining seat and durability -RRB- but gives you the convenience of the umbrella stroller AND is great for taller parents ! It also holds children up to 50 pounds . I wish this stroller was around when my daughter was little as we hated to cheap umbrella strollers that did n't give you any of the features that this one does ! You will love this stroller !
 I did a lot of research on several Light weight strollers , before settling for this one , based on the reviews and the best selling items . My son who 's 3 + yrs old is 42 '' tall and none of the light weight strollers seemed to accomodate his height ... I bought the MacLauren stroller from Target only to find his head dangling backwards as there 's a gap b/w the seat and the canopy.Finally I chose this one on amazon and belive me the amazon best selling items never dissappoint you ... The customer reviews are worth considering and I was happy i did ... It 's a great stroller , light weight , easily foldable and I just do n't have to excert pressure to push the stroller , ... It goes upto 40 lbs and that 's awesome . . The features are very much same as the Maclauren , except that this 's more comfortable for the kid and seems more durabl too . . and yah . . it 's a $ 20/0 less too ... The pricing on amazon was just great ... I highly recommend this product to tall kids ... They just do n't have to stoop any more sitting in a stroller ...
 I bought this stroller after searching for a sturdy yet light weight sto-and-go stroller . The price is what I would consider reasonable and the quality of it so far is excellent . It shipped quickly and I did n't have to assemble it.The canopy is detachable and small . I ca n't see it really blocking out a majority of the sun , but it seems somewhat practical . The seat has a five point harness system that is easy to use and holds my little guy in there safely . The basket under the stroller is actually pretty decent sized since this is supposed to be an umbrella stroller equivilant . I could easily put a light jacket under there and some other odds and ends . Maybe not a big ol' diaper bag , but I would n't expect to be able to since this is a small , fold up stroller not a full sized stroller . The seat does recline with the flick of a tab but ours does n't easily slip in and out of place like another reviewers did . The seat sits fairly upright and is a nice leaned back position when fully reclined.The stroller easily manuevers around the sidewalks and side streets of our city . It is stable and turns quickly . The handles are tall enough for my 6 ' 2 '' husband but still in a comfortable place for me at 5 ' 2 '' . The rear wheel base is a bit narrow for my husband 's liking . Because his stride and foot size is larger then mine , he kicks the back tires or brace with his feet if he does n't really watch it . I do n't have this problem though.It folds up pretty easily , and even though it takes using both hands right now , I can tell that the more I use it I may be able to close it with only one hand . It is light enough to carry and folds up small enough to fit easily in the trunk of our car . Opening it ? Now that 's a different story . You are supposed to push with your foot on this little spot on the back and lock the stroller open . I 've done this and several times , it does n't really lock even though you see and hear the click of the `` lock '' . I 've had the stroller collapse in on my son when I put him in it . Not cool . One time I had to practically jump on the pedal/lock to get it to really lock . But then , other times it easily locks in place like no big deal . Maybe I 'm just new at using it or something . It 's a `` User Error '' & not a problem with the actual stroller , I 'm sure.Overall , I really like this stroller and do n't think I 'll buy any other stroller . I would recommend it to a friend with the warning about the stroller not locking all the way if you do n't do it right . Most importantly , my son loves riding around in it and I feel like he is safe in it . It is n't a burden to pack up and store and it is n't so big that I ca n't get around the city with it , in and out of stores etc. . If you do n't want to buy a cheap , umbrella stroller but do n't want the next size up `` light weight '' stroller , this is the stroller for you . It was a great middle of the road choice for us since it was n't cheaply made like the $ 25 stroller , was sturdy yet was n't outrageously priced like the `` high-end '' strollers are .
 I purchased this stroller because my 41/2 month son has outgrown his infant car seat and the stroller that came with it only has a 3 point harness . I love the IPO ! It is lightweight , folds and opens very easily , the handles are at a good height -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and my husband is 6 ' 3 '' and it works for both of us -RRB- , the recline works well , and you can steer it with one hand if need be -LRB- try doing that with most umbrella strollers , not gon na happen ! -RRB- . It 's much sturdier feeling than the Chicco C6 , which was my original chioce until I saw the IPO in a local store . The Chicco C6 stroller seemed flismy in comparison and the handles were too short for me to walk comfortably -LRB- the Chicco C5 is almost the same as the IPO but has a lower weight limit and weighs 14lbs -RRB- . The IPO is 3-6lbs heavier than your average umbrella stroller , but I like that about it . You can hang bags off the handles without it tipping over when your child is not in it . It also feels nicer , more substantial.My son seems really comfortable in it . The seat in it 's least reclined postion is not straight up and down , he sits leaning back a bit , but does n't seem to mind . At first I thought I would n't like the harness , but I like that it 's really easy to get him out of it . I do n't have to pull his arms out of the harness because it comes apart.The canopy is small like all umbrella strollers , so I purchased a Rayshade and that works great.I do wish it came with a storage bag for traveling and am going to try to find one for it . It 's a little longer that some umbrella strollers at 43.5 '' so I do n't know if it will fit in the bags available . I would and have recommended it to a friend .
 I like that this stroller is very sturdy and it can hold heavy bags on its handles . I also like that it has a deep storage area and that the seat is adjustable . One thing I think could be improved is that there is no padding on the metal parts close to the baby / toddlers face . I made some cushions for my son . He would cry every time his face would accident hit the exposed metal . Its a great stroller for the price .
 This is my second purchase of this particuler stroller . The first we used for 4 years , then I had another child . I looked all over and researched many strollers for an umbrella stroller for when he moved out of the stroller/carrier/carseat combo system , and this stroller by far exceeds them all in price , convenience , portability , weight , and storage . The only thing I purchased extra was a sunshade for trips to theme parks and such for the day as the shade does not cover very much . I purchased a higher end , more expensive stroller thinking it would be better than the Graco IPO , boy was I wrong . I returned the other after only 5 days of use , and purchased another Graco . This is a great stroller !!!
 I was looking for a stroller similar to the Graco Snap N Go type stroller -LRB- which I love -RRB- and believe that I found it . It is nice and small to get through aisles in stores , it is comfortable for my 10 month old baby and it folds up super small for transportation . My only issues would be that the storage compartment is n't very big , there is n't a tray to hold drinks and the sun viser does n't really protect the baby . But , these things would probably add size and weight so I will take the smaller stroller for these items . I really like it .
 I have 3 kids and a lot of strollers . I wanted a lightweight stroller for my 3rd child -LRB- 21/2 years old -RRB- and to give up my Joovy Caboose sit and stand . It folds nicely , basket fits my small bag/cooler , reclines if he falls asleep , easy to push and steer , and feels sturdy . I wanted to spend less than $ 100 and this fit the bill perfectly . I have had no problems with it and my 21/2 is very comfortable and has no complaints ! It is heavier than other small strollers I have had - but it does n't bother me .
 I was really nervous about getting this stroller i thought i was n't going to recline enough for my 6 month old who likes taking naps still while we are out . But this stroller is perfect , we had purchased a travel system its just a waste of money if i would 've known how much i hated it i could have saved money and just got a car seat n this stroller . My son would have defiantly fit in it when he was born , plus it reclines so perfectly its even perfect for a new born all the was up to a toddler . Plus GREAT price !!
 I typed `` loved '' because my 13 month old 26 pound 31 inch son has just outgrown it . I can not see a 50 pound child fitting in this , even though it will supposedly hold one . Other than that , we love love loved it for over a year . Used it pretty much every single day , heavily . In the past month or so , it 's gotten a little creaky and the treads on the tires are completely worn down . My only complaints are that the sun shade is a bit skimpy , the storage basket is a bit hard to get to , and the handles are not adjustable . That being said , my son has always loved this stroller so it must be pretty comfy . It is very lightweight and easy to maneuver . Easy to fold and unfold one-handed . Parent organizer pockets are handy , a good size for mail . The handles , fortunately , are a good height for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' -RRB- and for my husband -LRB- 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- , which we `` test drove '' several strollers for when I was pregnant . The handles are comfy too . It 's fairly easy to maneuver through tight spaces .
 I have to say , I really love this stroller . I bought mine 3 years ago . The stroller has seen a lot of duty and been used for 2 kids . My 4 year old still rides in it from time to time . She is 42 inches tall and still fits . I love the one handed fold and the handle for carrying . When my son rides in it , my daughter holds the handle on the side which is great because I always know where she is ! The stroller is ideal for airport trips and travels . It is light weight and easy to transport . I am buying a second one because sadly on my last trip the airline broke it .
 Purchased this stroller for my 21/2 yr old who is 39 '' tall and is 37 lbs . This is a beautiful stroller . Easy to put together -LRB- actually my 16 yr old put it together for me -RRB- . However , the stroller does not accommodate a taller toddler . Her head was about 5 '' above the back rest and she looked `` stuffed '' into the stroller . Like I said I love the stroller itself . It is sturdy , has a nice size basket underneath , and handles are perfect height . I just wish it were a little wider and taller ! I would even toss the canopy aside and add more inches to the back rest ! Hope Graco is listening !
 We bought this stroller instead of an umbrella stroller as we 're both tall . It 's been great . We 've taken it all over the world - it folds up very small and is very handy . Our 2.5 year old still fits in it fine . We 've had no trouble with the quality . The only thing missing is a parent console for drinks .
 The canopy is a joke , but I mostly use this for quick trips to the store with minimal outdoor time or at the airport so I wont deduct a point for the canopy . If you plan to use this outdoors a lot , consider getting an add on canopy product of some sort.Putting on the pieces for the 5 point harness is a little annoying -LRB- but I think they wanted to leave the option to use this as a 3 point harness at some point -RRB- Once you get past those 2 items , these are the things i like .1 -RRB- The seat looks comfortable , and there is adequate back support -LRB- I do n't see slouching when the passenger is in it -RRB- .2 -RRB- The fold/unfold mechanism is straight forward .3 -RRB- It is light enough that I can carry my child in one had the stroller in the other to climb stairs when the elevator is not easy to find . It is heavier than the regular fabric umbrella stroller but it is a fair trade off to get a sturdy stroller with the higher weight limit . Has a convenient carry handle when folded .4 -RRB- I can clip the diaper bag comfortably on the handles , without affecting the balance . Also comes with a decent under basket .5 -RRB- It reclines almost flat , so you can change diapers on it , if you had to.I guess a kid can sleep in it with the recline , but we have not been out long enough to try that out .6 -RRB- Handles are high enough for a 6ft parent to push and the frame is easy to steer with one hand .7 -RRB- The spitfire is very aesthetically pleasing.If you are in the market for a good UMBRELLA stroller , you have found your product.Give it a try before buying a `` full '' size stroller and depending on your life style , it might be the only stroller you need .
 This stroller is perfect for the airport , zoo , and theme park . It folds down easily . The handles are higher than most umbrella type strollers which makes it much easier on your back . The tires are rubber and the steering is tight . The detachable bonnet is deep enough to provide adequate sun protection . I am glad I purchased this stroller .
 I can not say enough good things about this stroller ! I wanted an umbrella stroller that reclined and also had storage underneath . My son falls asleep in it while shopping and it reclines almost flat . Its a dream to push ! You can 1 hand push it the whole time if you 'd like . It rolls so easily . I did buy a stroller organizer from BRU for a cupholder and extra storage . I also bought strap covers because I did n't like the way the straps rubbed my sons neck . I love how sturdy it is and that the weight limit is 50lbs . It is a little heavier than your avg umbrella stroller but you have the added canopy for shade and extra fabric and cushioning . But its still under 20lbs ! I love this umbrella stroller!I bought the Delta Ultimate Convenience stroller/Urban Street stroller . I used both to see which I liked best & the Graco IPO won ! The Delta was so hard to push and more so slid across the floor rather than roll across the floor ! You HAD to use 2 hands to push it . I returned the Delta and kept the more expensive Graco!This Graco IPO is definitely worth every dollar !
 I have to say I bought this stroller alltogether with the matching twin stroller , because I have triplets , and I wanted to join the 2 stroller so I can have a triplet stroller , or use the separated when I had someone else to drive the extra stroller . So in my search of stroller , I had the limitation that there has to be the 1 +2 stroller set . So , there are a huge set of options for parents looking only for a single stroller , but I have to tell you that one thins this stroller have as a plus , is their limit weight , most strollers stuck at 35 lbs and this stroller can hold up 50 lbs , so its really a good investment , cause you will use it for a longer period than other strollers .
 I needed a one handed collapsible stroller for going abroad/keeping in the back of the car . I actually drove myself almost insane trying to work out which one to buy , in the end i got this one as per many reviews.This stroller folds up neatly -LRB- wheels at both ends -RRB- it is compact but does weigh quite a bit more than the light weights -LRB- remember this if lugging it around airports etc -RRB- , but the pros outweighed the weight -LRB- as it were ! -RRB- The handles are at a comfortable height and angle -LRB- i am 5 ' 6 '' but i also wear high heels -RRB- there is very little kicking of the back of the stroller which is a huge plus as there is nothing worse than going for a big walk only to find that you ca n't stride along . The basket is useable -LRB- as far as folding strollers goes it is better than most -RRB- , you can fit a blanket in it and a few bits and bobs -LRB- do n't expect to be able to access them when the chair is reclined -RRB- . The winning feature for me was that the seat reclines really far back -LRB- most folding strollers only go back an inch or so -RRB- , my son falls asleep in it very well ! It has 5 point harness which is great as my son is a fidget . The stroller is quite narrow and the wheels at the front can either be 360degrees or front facing . There is a handy carry handle on the side of the stroller -LRB- especially useful to pull the stroller out of the back of the car ! -RRB- The clip to keep the stroller shut works well and swivels out of the way.There are a couple of things that are n't great , the material on the one we got is quite shiny and slippery and gets very cold when left in the car , the umbrella -LRB- as with all strollers -RRB- is as useful as a chocolate teapot ! and if you want to hang your diaper bag over the handles , it will keep sliding down , -LRB- wish there was a hook or ridge to stop this -RRB- All in all , this is a great ` cheaper ' folding stroller and withstands lots of abuse .
 We have had this stroller for almost a year now and are very satisfied . It has survived trips to the zoo , shopping excursions , countless walks around my semi-rural neighborhood -LRB- blacktop and some gravel roads -RRB- , and a family trip to Florida without a scratch . I particularly like how lightweight and compact it is -LRB- especially now that I 'm expecting baby # 2 -RRB- so getting it in and out of the trunk is pretty easy . Folding it and unfolding it is also a breeze . My 2-year-old loves to sit in it so it must be pretty comfortable too . Being able to keep tabs on her through the sunshade 's window is a real plus . The maneuverability of this stroller is good and the ride smooth.The only downsides I 've found are :1 -RRB- The small sunshade does n't provide much protection but as my daughter enjoys wearing sunglasses and hats this has not been a problem .2 -RRB- One-handed driving is tricky as there are 2 handles . However , the handles are excellent for carrying a purse or diaper bag which is a bigger positive to me.All in all , we love this stroller and highly recommend giving it a try !
 We 've had this stroller for two and a half years now . I bought it because it had great reviews on consumer reports and it seemed like most people had positive things to say . My two main complaints about this stroller is that it does n't maneuver very easily and it needs a cup holder . I had it for a year before I realized that the front wheels lock and unlock in order to allow wheels to turn . I could n't figure out how to unlock them , and still ca n't when they accidentally get locked , but luckily my husband knows how . Even with the wheels being able to turn , I really do not feel this stroller maneuvers as well as it should especially if you only have one free hand to push it . The things I like about this stroller is the size -LRB- it gets through a crowd without having to ask too many people to move -RRB- , durability , and it folds up pretty nicely . I like the adjustable five point harness , I can easily switch my 2 year old and my new born in and out of the seat . The cargo space underneath is nice and since there are two handle bars you can easily hang diaper bags , shopping bags , purses , etc to free up your hands . I would recommend this stroller , but if you can find one that maneuvers better get it . I 'd also recommend purchasing an attachable cup holder with this .
 I looked & looked to find a stroller that would meet all my needs & believe I have found it!It is
 I love this stroller!We have been able to use it for our son since he was a few months old . It reclines so that makes it easy for an infant to ride in it.I also like that is it light weight and fits in the trunk of our convertible with plenty of room left . It also has a storage basket which actually holds quite a bit . I can fit my small diaper bag , a few toys , kids shoes , sippy cups , water bottles . You can also hang stuff on the handles when the child is in the seat and it does not tip over.I also like the 5 pt harness it has adjustable straps and my son is 1 year now and has not tried to take them apart -LRB- unlike his high chair -RRB- . It can be a little rough on concrete but does great for smooth sidewalks and indoor use . Also , the handles are high enough for my husband who is 6 ' 5 '' . My kids seems to like this chair if he gets fussy because he is tired we just recline the seat and he takes a nap . The stroller is like new and we have had it for over a year . Overall , I would recommend this stroller !
 The stroller works great for its purpose . It 's lightweight and I love the option to lock wheels if need be.However , I must say I 'm disappointed that Graco could n't design a more sturdy canopy . Most kids will play with it given any chance and it falls off the frame . As mentioned , it also does n't cover very much of the child 's face .
 We love this stroller . We have a Graco Quattro Tour Deluxe and while it was great when our son was an infant , it gets to be just too big and heavy for daily use . It was hard to maneuver in stores , sidewalks , etc. . The new Graco IPO is the perfect cross between a larger stroller and those flimsy umbrella style strollers . While being larger , it still folds up like an umbrella stroller making it very compact and easy to store and carry . It isnt quite as light as a true umbrella like the Maclaren but it is much sturdier and just a little larger . That little bit makes a huge difference in comfort for both the kid and the parent . My wife and I are both fairly tall and the standard umbrella stroller are just too low to comfortably push around . The IPO is as comfortable to push as our big Quattro . Also most umbrella strollers have really tiny wheels that are useless on anything but the smoothest of surfaces . The IPO wheels are a decent size and can roll over cracks on rougher surfaces with ease . The stroller actually has a decent sized basket that you can use to store things . It is very stable , we can hang a heavy diaper bag on the handles and it does not tip over . Over all I couldnt recommend this enough to anyone looking for a lighter weight stroller .
 I bought this for a trip to Disney for my 2 year old to be able to recline for naps in the middle of the day and to push my 5 year old at the end of a long day . I did not want to spend a lot of money and I wanted to have a canopy to block out the sun -LRB- and to fit my canopy extender -RRB- . I searched around for one stroller that would meet my criteria and this was the only one that I found that reclined easily to a comfortable level , had a canopy , folded to an umbrella stroller size and was reasonably priced.Size - Far better than an umbrella stroller but collapses to about the same size . The carry handle on the side is ideal to carry it down the aisle of the bus - no more bulky stroller.Weight - A bit heavier than other models , but the additional features were worth the 2 extra pounds.Recline - Recline was the best of any of the similar models -LRB- including the higher priced MacLaren 's -RRB- . This recline allows for easier positioning to different levels over similar models that recline via a zipper.Maneuverability - Great , even with the front wheels locked , it rounded corners with ease . Supports my soon to be 6 year old with no problem.Canopy - Canopy kept popping off in the store , but I found that if I wedged the clips under the fabric when I snapped it into place , it helped keep the canopy in place . I also like the canopy lock feature.Basket - Not a feature you get with an umbrella stroller , so this is definitely a bonus . It is a good size too!Both kids love the new stroller and are fighting over whose stroller it is -- I should have gotten two !
 I was looking for a quality umbrella stroller without paying a fortune . After doing a lot of research online and going to Babies ' R Us to test drive this stroller it was the best stroller with the most options . I had searched for less expensive umbrella strollers but they were always missing something , a basket , full recline , sunshade , weight limits too low . Finally I found one that offered all of the above and at a reasonable price . What I liked about this stroller was it 's ease to open and close , the basket is easy to get too and holds a good amount of diapers & such , and it handles very well through crowds . With the purchase of the Buggy Buddy cupholder it was perfect .
 This is a well made reclining stroller for the price . It moves pretty easily through stores and sidewalks . It has enough storage for a small diaper bag , a small purse or blanket . I love the fact that I can hang a larger diaper bag , purse or coat on the handles and it does not tip over like other strollers . I like the 5 point harness ; however it could have been designed better for those parents who have wiggle worms ! My child is 10 months and fits in this stroller nicely ... it also works with my 2 year old niece . My only wish would have been that this stroller would have had a detachable cup holder/storage area by the handles . All in all this is a great stroller for the price .
 I bought this stroller to use for my 21 month old daughter . I wanted something light that folded up small , but was still comfortable . The height is great , the handles and wheels make for easy manuevering , and the storage basket is a good size . The only thing that I would change is the way the seat fastens when it is in an upright position . It seems to stay , but I find myself checking the strap every once in a while to make sure it has n't slipped down . I love that it has a 50lbs weight limit because it means that my older two can take a ride when they get tired too . The color and fabric make it easy to clean . The IPO comes in other colors , which all seem to be more expensive that this one . Some of them have white instead of light grey , which seems like it would get dirty quickly .
 this stroller is great !! I have a back injury so the feature with the handles being higher is great i love the way its easy to close , you dont have to struggle with it at all it even has a handle to pull to close the stroller . It looks very comfortable for my 4 year old she fits great in it , i love the color i chose it in black it looks great overall , huge basket in the bottom the seat reclines to the position desired , also the seat reclines for desired leg postion . the only thing i dont like about this stroller is that the 5 point harness is too easy for them to open with the push of a button my daughter opens it and runs out of the stroller . However , i love this stroller so much i am looking for a solution for that problem im looking for something they sell for the five point harness to stay more securely intact . .
 I was almost one of the people to write a negative review regarding the sitting position . I went so far as to call Graco customer service to send back the stroller . The woman asked me if something in the back was looped through so that the seat worked properly . I told her I think so , that I used the stroller straight from the box . Well , my husband finally looked at it and realized that it was n't , and fixed it . I did n't watch him do it , but it completely solved the problem of the wimpy upright position ! Yay . We were also having an issue with the adjustable leg rest , and my husband found that something was n't threaded on that properly . And , people complain of the umbrella on it , too , which needed to be adjusted , too . Now , why the stroller was n't properly threaded in the first place is beyond me . I wish I could give a detailed explanation of what he did to fix it , but I ca n't ... my son is trying to sabotage the computer . It is a great great great stroller now !
 I was looking for a small stroller that offered the big stroller option , after searching I found this one , it 's great , you ca n't beat the price . it has a nice storage basket that holds more then it looks , it lays back for napping , has a decent canopy , buckles up easily , folds compactly , and even has a carry handle . I really love this stroller but the few things I would like to change would be the canopy does n't block the sun as much as I would like it to .
 I have bought over 5 strollers in the last 2 years , I had them all ; The Maclaren Quest , Maclaren Volo , the Combi , the Chicco Caddi , the Britax , Some of these look nice , but my son felt constricted to them without the freedom of movement . The Graco Ipo is the best stroller I have ever bought ! I wish I bought this stroller a year ago , it would have saved me alot of disapointments . The only con is that it is a bit heavier than the one 's mentioned , but it is nice looking , the wheels are much bigger , and your child has the option of a 3 or 5 restraining belt . Which is what I was looking for . My son does n't cry when he is on his Graco Ipo !!!!
 We initially bought this stroller -LRB- from Babysrus -RRB- for a trip overseas when our son was 13 months . We did not want to risk our big expensive stroller . We bought this in addition to the JL Childress Gate Check bag . Both have now lasted for 2 Transatlantic trips and 2 domestic trips.As our son grew this became our main stroller . It is not the lightest umbrella stroller but by no means is it heavy . My son was able to rest very comfortably in this and many times would take a midday nap for a couple of hours in this stroller . It is small enough to sit in the car most of the time . As my son grew older he finds it easy to get in and out of himself . He is almost 4 and still rests in it when we go anywhere and he is tired.Interestingly , we used the handle on the side to help keep tabs of our son . When he did not want to sit in the stroller we told him he had to hold the handle as we pushed the stroller . It was the right height for him and developed a good habit so he did not run off when we took him out . Not a design detail but worked for us.Okay , it does not have a snack tray , but we find that these are just a nuisance anyway . We bought a little strap for the handles for our keys , cell phone , etc and we also stick a sippy cup and snacks in there.We had one issue when the airline broke the clip that keeps it closed but a quick call and about $ 6 plus shipping got us a replacement from Graco . From time to time we clean the wheels and spray them with a silicone based spray -LRB- not WD-40 -RRB- and this keeps the wheels nice and smooth.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good stroller that will grow with your child . If this breaks , it owes us nothing and we would probably by another one for our younger son as the price point is good .
 Got this Graco IPO umbrella stroller for my 20 mo old baby . He seems quit content in it and has n't complained . After having 3 Maclaren strollers -LRB- techno , triumph and rally twin -RRB- , I can say
 I absolutely obsessed about purchasing the perfect lightweight umbrella stroller for weeks , and let me tell you something
 EXCELENTE TODO SE REALIZO SEGUN LO PAUTADO Y ENTREGADO A LA FECHA INDICADA , ESPEREMOS Y CONTINU&Eacute; PRESTANDO ESTE EXCELENTE SERVICIO
 Does n't allow my child to sit perfectly upright but otherwise is great . Handles are high so I do n't have to hunch over to push it and the wheels glide easily over rough NYC pavement . Steers easily , folds with one hand . Heavier than my old Peg Perego Aria but I do n't have to lift it often . Also purchased buggy buddy as recommended . Small basket holds a blanket , rain shield and a few other small odds and ends . I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 I have read most of the reviews for this stroller . I was torn between this stroller and an Evenflo stroller . I compared strollers on display and put my 18 month old in each one . I think this stroller is by far the best lightweight stroller out there . It is sturdy and comfortable . It is easy to close and open . It takes little space to store . Hopefully it will last till the stroller years are over . : -RRB- The only downfall is , it is much heavier then expected . It says 17lbs but when your holding a 22lb child in one arm and have to bend over to lift this stroller with the other arm , it takes a bit out of you . But the weight makes up for when your pushing it around and have bags hanging off of it , it wo n't flop over . I hope you do choose this stroller because I am happy I did .
 I really like this stroller in dark brown - the color hides dirt/skid marks from wheels . The only thing I do n't like about the stroller is the sun shade . I ended up taking it off the stroller because it would pop off all the time . There is plenty of storage underneath and you can hang a bag from the stroller handle . The seat reclines more than I would like , but if you have a bag underneath - it props up the seat . It is easy to open and close and overall it 's a good stroller for the price . Also , the Sunshine Kids stroller Buggy Buddy works great with this product and it will fold up with the stroller .
 I love this stroller . It 's nice and compact . It 's just what I need for my two year old when I travel . The multi reclining seat is perfect for when my child falls asleep and it 's easy to manuever.I am very happy with this product .
 Excellent product ! folds nicely , unfolds easily , truly one hand operation . Very comfortable and easy to handle and maneuver . Great for travelers .
 I really like this stroller with the exception the canopy falls off fairly easily . But really easy to push , light and does n't get hung up when you are trying to get around doors .
 i just got this stroller the other day and i LOVE it !! when my son was born i bought a cosco one . i didnt use it for awhile considering i used the infant carrier stroller up until a month ago . everytime i put my son into it , he cried . i dont blame him . the seat is only about 5 inches deep and there is no support . so he falls . it was just cheaply made.but this one he loves . he looks comfy in it . i love the 3 or 5 pt harness . the wheels are thick unlike the cosco one . the seat reclines almost all the way . so it would be great for a newborn . my son is almost months . its easy to fold , and easy to set up . its just easy . i wish i would have gotten this sooner !!!!
 Although we have n't yet received this stroller , we test drove the `` latte '' in a store and found this to be the perfect stroller that met our following criteria -LRB- for our 8-month old -RRB- :1 . Under $ 1002 . Umbrella-type , compact3 . Easily folded4 . Adjustable recline5 . Sturdy , more substantial than a traditional umbrella stroller6 . Easily maneuvered , swiveling front wheels7 . Sun canopy - this stroller could have a slightly larger canopy , but it is still adequate8 . Cargo basket9 . 5-point harnessWhen we tested it in the store , we found it to maneuver very easily - even with just one hand . In addition , it was the only stroller we were able to fold without having to ask any of the store clerks . It folds compactly and could easily fold with one hand , so it will fit in the back of our car , with room to spare . It appears to fold small enough for travel . The brake is also very firm -LRB- we 've noticed other strollers may still roll with the brake on -RRB- . The seat was also nicely padded and made of soft material . I expect we 'll be very satisfied , with the exception of the canopy , which could be a bit larger , but will still keep the sun out of baby 's eyes . It would also be great to have cup-holders for both baby and parent , but this would just have been icing on the cake . I imagine that if you had a baby even younger that this stroller would work well -LRB- however , we used the Graco car seat frame , which fits the Snugride , and is also an affordable option I would recommend -RRB- .
 We looked in every store at strollers , trying to find one to fit our 32 pound 3 year old who is a bit tall . I did NOT want a big jogger and did not want to pay 300 bucks for a big name . We did look at an IPO at Target . It felt solid and was easy to push , but I did not like the print at all . Also , when I tried it out the canopy would n't stay clipped , so I just moved along.I am so glad I found the IPO here at amazon in different prints . I was still nervous about the canopy , but after reading all the reviews I figured it must have just been assembled wrong on display.Now , when I assembled mine -LRB- very easy -RRB- it did take a minute or two to find the exact place where the canopy hooks on , which is why some people may be having trouble -LRB- because the instructions are n't super clear on this point , the pegs are a bit hidden down the pole under the fabric -RRB- . This stroller is great for me . I wanted something for an older child and it goes up to 55 pounds -LRB- 50 in the handbook -RRB- . Something that would fit in a small car -LRB- perfectly -RRB- . I do n't mind that it is a little heavy , it is so sturdy and so small it is easy to move around.I only wish we found this stroller years ago . We used the big stroller with the carseat combo until it wore out . What a giant bulky monster compared to this dreamboat ! The carrier underneath can hold water bottle , cellphone , etc. . But I have just ordered the reccomended Buggy Buddy accessory , since it will really make this the perfect stroller -LRB- for me -RRB- .
 We have the Graco IPO , The Uppababy G-Luxe , and the One Step Ahead G-Luxe knock off . Decided to cover the spectrum of strollers and ended up liking and keeping all three for different reasons.I love the IPO . The seat is fully adjustable and the easiest to adjust by far among the three . Do n't know if it 's a weight issue , but the IPO 's design for raising and lowering the back -LRB- recline -RRB- is much better than the others . It also seems to hold it 's position on the recline much better than the others . Folding and Unfolding the stroller is pretty easy and it snaps right into position . Folded up it 's very compact . It has ample storage -LRB- as do all three of them -RRB- for an umbrella stroller . The adjustable seat that allows you to fold the edge of the seat down for your little ones with shorter legs is nice and an option you wo n't find on the other two -LRB- although their soft seats have enough give that it 's not a real problem -RRB- . You 'll need a Buggy Buddy with it to hold a drink or keys or anything you want right at hand . Only real downside is that it 's heavy . It 's a hefty 18 lbs , which is fine for me to carry around , but my wife -LRB- now pregnant with # 2 -RRB- can not and will not manage it on her own.The Uppababy G-Luxe rolls like a dream . There really is no other stroller I 've used that rolls as nice as this lightweight little thing . It glides and turns significantly better than the other two . You can manage this stroller with one hand without any problem whatsoever . The recline feature is more significant than the One Step Ahead model , but it uses the same design that I do n't really like . It 's more difficult to adjust and does n't really seem to hold it 's position very well . It comes with a detachable cup holder , but my wife wants a Buggy Buddy too . It 's self locking on collapsing it . It takes a little getting used to how it folds , but once you get it , it 's pretty easy . This is my wife 's favorite because of the weight -LRB- only 11 lbs . -RRB- and how easy it is to manage . The canopy is probably the best of the three and actually slides into place when attaching it and wo n't come off . The other two do n't attach as securely . I like this one , but am happier with the features on my heavy IPO for $ 80-90 less.The One Step Ahead ended up going to Grandma because it 's only $ 50 , it 's almost as light as the G-Luxe , and it is the most hassle free . Unfolds and folds easily . Does n't recline as much as the other two and the canopy is n't as good , but it 's a G-Luxe knock off for 1/4 the price and is a good value at that . Also , folded up , it is the smallest and most compact of the three . This comes with its own Buggy Buddy type thing and you wo n't need to add anything to it.Hope that helps . -LRB- We also have a Snap N Go and a full size Graco Travel Stroller ... the garage is getting very full -RRB- .
 I 'm very impressed with this stroller so far . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and I 've had trouble in the past with the stroller handles not being high enough for a tall person like myself . I usually get hunched over and it 's very uncomfortable . Not so with this stroller , I do n't slouch one bit while pushing this stroller.Another thing I like is the canopy . Many other strollers I 've had in the past have the canopy as a second piece you attach to the stroller . You can either attach and use the canopy , or you need to take it off . This stroller has the canopy attached , but it 's very easy to retract it when you do n't want to use it . The canopy also has a window that you can view your child from the top.The seat can be tilted back to a near horizontal position to the ground . Great for little ones to get a good nap in a comfortable yet agile position while you are out and about.Walking with the stroller is a breeze , you can turn the stroller on a dime , and it easily travels over rough surfaces.The stroller even has a handle ! Yes , after you fold it up , there is a convenient handle to carry the stroller instead of trying to manhandle the stroller to your trunk or wherever you store it.It 's also got a 50lb weight limit , You can stroller your 4-year old if you had to!I definitely recommend this stroller .
 I am very impressed with this stroller ! It definitely is a lot heavier than a traditional umbrella stroller , but if you want something that feels extremely sturdy than this is your stroller . It came almost put together , all we had to install were that wheels and canopy -LRB- which was super easy -RRB- . The wheels are very smooth and turn incredibly easy . It is easy to open and close . The recline is a lot better than you expect , my son can almost lay completely flat . The best thing about this stroller is how tall the handles are . My husband and I are both tall -LRB- I 'm 5 `` 9 he 's almost 6 ' 0 -RRB- so we always worry about having to hunch over to push an umbrella stroller . We read the reviews , trusted what people said and they were right ! It is a perfect height for both us ! The basket at the bottom is pretty small and a little hard to get into . But all in all this is a fantastic buy ! I 'm glad I got it for our trip next week and I ca n't wait to try it at Disneyland later this year !
 Great stroller , easy to carry , fold and best of all to recline.Simple to open and close for travel . Put it together in less than 5 minute right out of the box .
 I was fed up with my umbrella stroller , yet my double was way too big for my needs . The Ipo has been a great stroller ! I use my Graco Ipo for going on little walks , going to the park , fun at the museum , and I think it will be perfect for our upcoming trip to Disneyland . The Graco Ipo seems to be the best bet for me and my needs . Here are some of the things I love and do n't love about this stroller : Pros : - Holds up to 50 lbs-Easy to open and close-Fairly lightweight . I find it easy to carry , esp with the handle on the side . Now I would n't want to carry it across town , but it 's light enough to tote on/off buses , on stairs , etc. - I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and the handle bars are the perfect height.-Seems comfortable ; my 10 month old is happy in it ! - Nice that it has a storage bin underneath . Not huge , but I 've found that 's the trend for lightweight strollers . Big enough for a few water bottles , diapers/wipes , and a jacket or 2 . And it 's fairly easy to access the contents.-Turns and pushes with ease-The rubber foot rest is positioned perfectly so little feet can rest on it . I found that on some lightweight strollers , the foot rest was too far back and pretty much useless , causing little feet to drag on the ground.-Folds up very compact . Not that that was a selling point for me -LSB- I have a minivan w / lots of cargo space -RSB- , but it 's a nice bonus ! - Love the recline feature . It works with a tether , so the reclining position possibilities are endless :-RRB- ! - Love that it does n't have a tray . At first I had my sights set on one , but after paying attention to other people 's strollers while I was trying to find the perfect stroller , they started to look annoying and just plain in the way.Cons
 After so much research and `` testing '' out strollers , this is by far the best umbrella stroller out there , esp for the price . Mac Claren 's are waaaaaaaay over rated . This is all you need !
 Graco IPO Stroller in SohoAfter a lot of searching for a lightweight stroller with big stroller amenities , I chose the Graco IPO . . it arrived very quickly , had very little assembly , and I am very pleased with it ! It folds compactly like an umbrella stroller , but the handles are much taller and I am not kicking the wheels or hunched over trying to push it ! I love the reclining seat and nice sized canopy ... The storage basket is on the small side , but big enough for necessities ... the only thing I am missing is the cup holders , but I have seen several after market add ons to solve this problem ... I have three kids and would definitely recommend this product ! It accomodates up to 50 pounds so you are definitely getting plenty of bang for your buck !
 I have owned 6 strollers already in the 4.5 years since my first child was born , and so far this is one of my favorites ! I have 3 kids & have hated almost every stroller so far . This one was recommended to me by a neighbor & I am loving it so far.pros
 I am so glad I found this stroller . Originally , I came across this stroller at a Burlingon Coat Factory but they happened to be out of stock . I got to play with the floor model and noticed that it was lightweight and easy to fold down for storage . I have two older sons who had a full stroller travel system . When I used those bulky strollers , I always had a hard time folding the stroller and getting it in the trunk of my car along with the groceries or shopping bags if I was out and about . This stroller holds the same durability as those big travel systems yet does n't have the bulk that comes along with them . The Graco Ipo stroller is just slightly bigger than an umbrella stroller . The difference is in the build . You have better tires on this stroller that allow for easy maneuvering at stores and in parks . The height on the cheap umbrella strollers also seems to be kind of low which is a pain for my husband because he always seems to have to crouch to push those , not with this stroller ... The Graco Ipo stroller is built a little bit taller so it 's at a perfect height for my 5 ' 9 husband to push with no problems . I am very happy with my purchase and I 've even been stopped by other expectant mothers to ask about where I picked up this great stroller . I think it 's a great purchase and I definitely recommend it .
 I bought this stroller to replace my travel system stroller , which was too big and bulky . This is the perfect size stroller for my needs . I love that it fits in the back of my Tahoe behind the third row -LRB- which is a small area -RRB- . I did buy a cup holder that straps to each hand rail . Overall , I have enjoyed this stroller and would recommend it to anyone in the market for a new `` umbrella like '' stroller .
 Super easy to assemble . Fits easily in my trunk leaving ample room for shopping ect . Opening and folding are a cinch . First time I used this my son fell asleep with no fuss . Raising and lowering seat back is very simple . I like that it has an adjustable leg rest . Nice tall handles . Looks very sleek/high end for the amount paid.The latch that holds the stroller closed when folded is a bit tight , but may loosen with use . Highly recommended .
 This stroller is all that I expected . I love that you can lock the wheels so it has no problem going on dirt roads or gravel . It can easily fit my 2 year old and my 5 year old -LRB- she is kinda small though -RRB- .
 I have had this stroller for about a month now and absolutely love it . It folds up easily and opens quickly . My son and I really enjoy the fact that it can either lay down or sit completely up . I am about 5 ' 9 '' and sometimes when I am walking and not paying attention I kick the wheels but overall it is built for someone taller . I do n't have to bend over to reach the handles . I have this stroller in `` Navarro '' and love the color . Great Stroller and ca n't beat the price !
 I had a Combi stroller that was hard to steer and started looking for a new compact stroller and the Graco Ipo is prefect ! It folds up super small and has a handle for carrying . We loved it for the airport . It is also great that it is umbrella size and reclines . Even older kids get wore out ! Also the basket holds lots of stuff . I did buy a seperate cup holder ... it is a great stroller !
 We already have a big bulky stroller and were looking for something small that folded up to become nice and compact . The Graco Ipo is perfect . It 's not as sturdy as the larger stroller but does the job when needed . We recommend it !
 After my two boys outgrew both our Graco travel system and the duoglider , I needed something lightweight for my 2 year old . This is perfect ! It saves space in the car when we travel with it and is very comfortable for my son to ride in . It is a bit heavy for an umbrella stroller , but on the upside it is also very sturdy . I can put lunchboxes and other items in the basket under the seat and hang my purse , diaper bag and shopping bags on the handles and it does not tip when my son gets out . I found it to be extremely easy to put together -LRB- I did n't even have to consult my husband -RRB- and have had no problems with it so far . We 've traveled all summer with it . It is even comfortable enough for my 3 year old when he is tired .
 I needed a stroller that was easy to get in and out of my honda civic . This is a great umbrella stroller for that . Really light , EASY to open and close and get in and out of my car . Small basket underneath has enough of space to hold a few items . My only complaint - the sunshade does not come out far enough to provide shade for my baby 's eyes .
 i just purchased this stroller for my 17 month old son after doing a ton of research and shopping around ... i first came accross this stroller in target but i didnt like the print . but one thing i noticed it was very similar to a maclaren -LRB- which i was going to purchase but the maclaren 's a little too overpriced -RRB- ... and i fell in love with this one right away ... so i desided to go online to see if i couold find it in another color or print . . and i just love this color !!!! . . the brown is perfect it wont get dirty that easily ... the shipping was quick and i had no problems with putting it together and my son loves it !! ... the only thing i dont like is that it IS a bit weighty and im a petite frame and they should consider having a shoulder strap so that it is eaiser to carry when folded ... but other than i think its a perfect stroller !!!!!!!!!!!
 I love this stroller . It is durable and DOESN `` T hurt your back when pushing . I use this at stores and also for our daily walks . This strolled has been everywhere and has given us NO problems !
 I bought this stroller 25 months ago to use for a newborn -LRB- who is now 2 -RRB- and I love it . I went to a local baby specialty store and tried out all the fancy high priced `` umbrella style '' strollers and the shop owner actually recommended this one . She said the higher priced ones had a slightly smoother ride and might weigh slightly less but that this one would be the best value , and she was right . I do n't tote the thing around - I move it from the car to the ground and back , and hand it to the flight attendant when traveling , so the extra 3 pounds is nothing . As for the ride , the difference was barely noticeable in the store . I 've read reviews on here saying that people have smashed their fingers because the stroller started opening when they picked it up , but if you fold it properly there is a latch that prevents the stroller from opening until you release that latch . Others say the canopy does n't stay on but I 've never had a problem with mine . As for the basket size , I load that up and hang extras from the handles and I 've never not had enough storage space . It steers easily with one hand and handles hard surfaces and grass easily because the front wheels can be locked so they do n't swivel , so I 've never had an issue with wobbling . The fabric is strong and easy to clean . I bought a UV sun shade extender to give full coverage when needed , and a little caddy that fits over the handles . This stroller needs nothing else other than a lock for those times you have to leave it unattended in public places -LRB- hello , Disneyland -RRB- because trust me , you 'd be heartbroken if it got stolen . Sometimes I think people do n't read the owner 's manuals and they just do n't know how to use their product.Update
 I was heading to NYC for a 3 day trip with my almost 4 year-old and was desperately trying to find a stroller big enough for him so that I would n't have to carry him up and down the city when he got too tired to walk . This stroller SAVED my life for those days - it moved beautifully , i could even steer it with one hand sometimes when it was necessary to open doors , etc. . It was comfortable for my son , even at his size , and I would never have been able to do the trip without it . I do suggest buying the accessory that provides an additional storage/beverage carrier under the handles because that kind of thing is a necessity for me at least . All in all , this was a great purchase , worth every penny for what I needed and also carries my 2 year-old and moves smoothly and comfortably . I love the handle placement !
 I bought this stroller to take on vacation , and it quickly became our family 's go-to stroller . It is heavier than many umbrella strollers I 've seen , but also very durable ! My seven-month-old and two year old both seem to find it comfortable . It does n't take up too much space . The reclining feature is VERY handy . It is easy to push one-handed and steers well . The grips are comfortable and a good height . When empty , it will hold a diaper bag , a purse and a shopping bag without tipping over -LRB- and if you stick a baby in the front , it 'll hold a carry-on backpack , as well -RRB- . My husband is 6 ' 4 '' and ca n't walk behind it , but he walks to the side and pushes with one hand and is perfectly happy with that . I love that you can lift and unfold it one-handed . The Navarro color is nice , too - a very bright , clear teal . The bottom storage is n't big enough for any but the smallest diaper bag , but it will hold a small purse or shopping bag well enough . This is my toddler 's favorite toy . We have a full-size stroller and a tandem double and he will have a fit unless he gets to ride in this particular stroller . He even uses it as a walking aid for physical therapy , and with his little brother in the front for weight , it 's a strength and gait training aid that they both enjoy . I am seriously considering selling the full-size tandem and investing in the double version of this stroller .
 I ordered a Chicco Capri lightweight stroller and returned it the very next day ! I am 5 ' 11 '' and I immediately knew the Chicco was NOT for me , as it was n't for my son ! At 19 months he weighs 29 pounds and is 34 '' tall , even though the Chicco said it was good for kids up to 50 pounds my son was HUGE compared to that stroller ! I ordered my Graco Ipo and LOVE it ! It rides great on all surfaces , my son seems to be comfortable in it -LRB- he sure has enough leg room ! -RRB- and the Ipo opens and closes easily ! It is heavier than the Chicco was and it would have been nice to have a strap to carry it around , rather than the handle it has , but those are minor things ! I rather it be a little heavier and have a happy/comfortable baby and a pain free back ! AWESOME stroller !
 I have the Graco IPO in the `` Vegas '' pattern . I received it in the summer of 2009 before my son was born . I was finally able to use it for the first time this weekend -LRB- March 2010 -RRB- . I was a little scared given the nasty reviews I had read regarding the poor construction . Right out of the box , I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to assemble -- no tools needed , good instructions , easy for a wimp like me to assemble alone . I had no trouble keeping the canopy in place or open , and the seat went upright with little effort , staying that way until I pushed the little release mechanism.Once it was together , I popped my 6 month old in it , and fumbled a bit with the straps . To make it a 5-point harness -LRB- instead of a 3-point -RRB- a little finagling is required , and it 's made a little more difficult if your child is squirmy like mine . We figured it out , though , and were on our way.It handles great ! Smooth ride , turns easily and one-handed , and ALL the wheels made contact with the ground -LRB- unlike some other reviewers ' experiences -RRB- . We walked down the street and back -LRB- traveling on sidewalk and street -RRB- , and he was asleep by the time we got home -LRB- stoller must be comfortable if he 's asleep ! -RRB- . Then we headed to the mall . The stroller collapses easily and I was able to stow it in the back seat floorboard -LRB- I drive a Saturn Vue -RRB- . Took it out of the car , unfolded it , and it was ready to go quite quickly . I really like that you can see the top of your little one 's head thru the canopy -- which still has n't budged or given us any trouble . The seat stayed in an upright position the whole time despite my son 's efforts to escape.Overall , this was a great stoller experience . I would highly recommend this to anyone . Not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from ... we love ours !
 I am probably one of few people who actually likes a big , heavy stroller . I 've used the Graco Quattro Tour for both of my children and I absolutely love it . Not one complaint . But there are times when a lighter stroller would be nice . I purchased the Combi City Savvy and regretted it from day one . It was sooo light weight -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- that it was almost harder to control , it tipped over and you could n't hang a diaper bag of any size on it . I never used it , so I started the search for a better option . After reading every review I could get my hands on -LRB- for lightweight strollers under $ 100 -RRB- I decided on the Graco IPO . Now that I have it and have used it on a family vacation I can say I am so happy I found it ! It does weigh 17 lbs , which most people probably do n't consider lightweight , but compared to my 27 lb Quattro Tour it 's as light as a feather . The seat has multiple recline positions . It does n't lie totally flat , but almost , and my baby hates that anyway . It does n't recline when he leans back as some reviewers have said . It folds very easily with one hand . It 's easy to maneuver . My 6 foot tall hubby can push it easily w/out kicking the wheels . The pattern is very cute , which I was n't sure about from the pics . I do wish the canopy had more coverage , but that 's to be expected for an umbrella stroller in this price range . I love that it holds a 50 lb child ... since my son is a chunk and getting too heavy to carry all the time . There is a `` leg rest '' that folds up or down so an older child 's legs can hang down and rest on the foot rest . I purchased the Buggy Buddy since there is no parent tray and it is perfect .
 This stroller was purchased as a fill-in for my Quinny Zap . I was very hesitant to buy an umbrella stroller and researched just about every one of them . I chose this one because of price and reviews by others . It is comfortable for my 2 year old and she enjoys riding in it . The only issue I have had is the mechanism to fold the stroller sometimes comes out all the way . There are 2 small prongs that I sometimes must push back in , in order to lock the stroller in position for my daughter to get in . This is pretty minor and I think I may be to forceful when I fold the stroller . That is the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars .
 I 'm very happy with this stroller ... My son really likes it , it 's easy to fold and unfold and functions well . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the sunshade is kind of a pain to put on , and it does n't provide much shade . The basket is also pretty small , but I think that 's standard on an umbrella-type stroller .
 We like our Graco IPO for its compactness and simplicity in opening and stowing it away . The stroler also has bigger cargo room to allow you to bring more items.There is only one thing , it is not as lightweight as we expected . We compare it to our Graco travel system that we have , and I think they weight about the same .
 muy practico coche para salir al centro comercial lo recomiendo para quienes tengas carros u autos peque & ntilde ; os es lo mejor
 This stroller has got to be the best umbrella stroller ever ... . The height is right , the weight is manageable , fits a reguler car seat -LRB- manufacture not recommended but you can jam it in well enough it wo n't fall out , and you can guide it with one hand -LRB- and pull 3 suitcases behind you -RRB- . We 've had this stroller for 3 years and it taken it everywhere . We bought it specifically for traveling on planes and we 've now used it going to the Middle East and back 4 times.The only damage we 've sustained has been the wheels getting bent . I think this is from the airline baggage handlers throwing heavy items on top of our stroller but to it 's credit the stroller is still usable.We are buying a another one as it 's worth it .
 Este coche es liviano , compacto , pesa poco y es f&aacute;cil de abrir y cerrar , ideal para todos los d&iacute;as y para salidas sin los padres , porque es manejable sin gran esfuerzo y da espacio para otras compras en la maleta del carro , y adem&aacute;s es fuerte y de buena calidad
 I bought this right before Christmas and have finally started using it . We have 4 kids -LRB- 9,8,6 , and 1 -RRB- and we have had SO MANY strollers . Ranging from the Evenflo Travel system -LRB- hated both the car seat and stroller -RRB- , Graco Tandem stroller -LRB- got rid of that and got a Combi side-by-side stroller - much better and smaller -RRB- , a Chicco travel umbrella stroller that my MIL left in a parking lot -LRB- not too fond of that as the material was rough and barely reclinded -RRB- , 2 Combi Comso DX single strollers -LRB- great but after years of use , they were feeling flimsy and shakey -RRB- , and a Graco Quattro Tour full size stroller -LRB- It is still going strong after nine years of use . That one is my `` go to '' for all day trips to the amusement park , zoo , kids 's football and baseball games . -RRB- Finally , I bought the Graco Ipo.As I said earlier , I bought the Ipo to replace my Combi DX or EX Cosmo single strollers . They were great strollers , except my feet -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 & my husband is 6 ' 2 -RRB- would always hit the wheels and we had to crouch to push it . My kids always seemed comfy in them . After nine years though , they were wobbly and needed to be retired.Enter the Ipo ! After using this one , my first impression is `` Wow ! This things is sturdy ! '' Yes , it 's heavy for an umbrella . Around 19 pounds to Combi 's 14 pounds , but this thing is not going to flip with a diaper bag on the handles . -LRB- My Combi always flipped as soon as I took my baby out . -RRB- The basket is small , but most umbrella strollers do n't even have a basketMy only real gripe is that is does n't have a belly bar . My son noticed , too . -LRB- He 's 13 months and likes to pull up on the bar or prop his feet on it . You ca n't even buy a generic one to attach . Which also means you ca n't attach a Graco car seat -LRB- or any car seat . -RRB- Pros : Folds up smallNice and sturdyHolds up to 50 Pounds . -LRB- My 13 month-old is already 23 pounds so this was important to me . -RRB- Easy steering , even with one hand with my diaper bag hanging on the back , while holding my son.Son seems pretty comfortableThe canopy is bigger than most umbrella strollers . It would be nice to be able to push it in front of kids ' faces when the sun is in their eyes , but it IS a convience stroller , not a full-size one.Reclining seat , not flat fold but more than the inch or so of a typical umbrella stroller.Barely takes up and of my 2012 Honda Oddessy 's trunk.Easy to fold and un-foldlocking breakslocking front wheels for grass or gravelGood height , not kicking the wheels or hunching over.Glides well & drives niceCons : Storage basket is smaller than Combi 's . B/c Combi 's has elastic , I could actually fit quite a bit in here.No parent cup holder -LRB- or kid 's cup holder -RRB- My Combi had a kid 's drink holder and I attached a Diono snack tray to the belly bar , but then I could n't fold up the stroller all the way with it on.No belly bar or snack tray option . -LRB- I am going to buy a Fisher-price snack pod to attach for my son to see if that helps . -RRB- It would be nice if it reclined flat to change a diaper in . -LRB- Public changing tables are gross ! -RRB- Wish it was lighter , but the sturdiness makes up for that.I 'm not a fan of the harness . It comes apart into 5 different pieces , instead of the usual 3 parts for a 5 pt . harness . The extra steps waste time to me.To make my Ipo even better , I attached the Diono Stroller Buggy Buddy , to use as a console . It has 2 cup holders , but personally I would not put a hot coffee or McDonald 's cup in there for fear it would spill on the baby . They do work perfectly for sippy cups or water bottles . I also attached the Valco universal cup holder for me , a rear stroller bag , and 2 side saddle stroller bags on either side of the stroller . All of these additions can stay on when folded.All in all , I like this stroller , but will keep my Graco Quattro to use as my `` work horse '' stroller . This will be the one I keep in my car for running errands and quick trips to the mall , not all day marathon shopping .
 I bought this for my 18 month old son who is bigger for his age and did not fit in the cheaper umbrella-type strollers . -LRB- They only went to 30 lbs and not were long enough for his height . -RRB- The stroller is light weight compared to regular baby strollers . It folds up , taking little space for storage in your trunk compared to regular baby strollers as well . It is sturdy and very easy to maneuver in shopping malls and stores . The assembly was straight forward using the directions provided by Graco . The only thing I miss is cup holders or other compartment that is handy for keys or a drink . I highly recommend this product if you need a sturdier umbrella-type stroller .
 I searched for weeks for a stroller that was lightweight and easier to travel with than my BOB . This one passed all my criteria -LRB- except the shade could be longer -RRB- . I have used it a ton and had smiley in town so our cousins have used it to . We are so happy with it and all of our Graco products . I did by the summer infant attachable sun shade for sunny days -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- . I was happier doing that and it prevented me from spending hundreds more for just a larger sun shade . Great product ! I love the recliner seat and one handled breakdown feature . I have a very mobile 7 month old so it has been a great feature .
 This stroller was exactly what we were looking for when we went in vacation ! Took it through the airport my daughter was able to sit comfortably sleep well and it traveled great !!
 Pros
 After so much research and `` testing '' out strollers , this is by far the best umbrella stroller out there , esp for the price . Mac Claren 's are waaaaaaaay over rated . This is all you need !
 Graco IPO Stroller in SohoAfter a lot of searching for a lightweight stroller with big stroller amenities , I chose the Graco IPO . . it arrived very quickly , had very little assembly , and I am very pleased with it ! It folds compactly like an umbrella stroller , but the handles are much taller and I am not kicking the wheels or hunched over trying to push it ! I love the reclining seat and nice sized canopy ... The storage basket is on the small side , but big enough for necessities ... the only thing I am missing is the cup holders , but I have seen several after market add ons to solve this problem ... I have three kids and would definitely recommend this product ! It accomodates up to 50 pounds so you are definitely getting plenty of bang for your buck !
 I have owned 6 strollers already in the 4.5 years since my first child was born , and so far this is one of my favorites ! I have 3 kids & have hated almost every stroller so far . This one was recommended to me by a neighbor & I am loving it so far.pros
 This stroller is a replacement for a handmedown that was 8 yrs old . Wow the improvements are remarkable . Not a bad price for a quality product . Thanks !
 I was looking for a stroller that was relatively lightweight , folded up small , reclined , had a basket and had taller handles . I found everything I wanted in this stroller ! It is a little heavier than I wanted but it folds up small and has a nice carry handle on the side . It reclines almost totally flat - which is great . The only problem with the recline feature is that it does n't actually sit up all the way straight . My son does n't seem to mind that he is n't sitting up totally straight so that does n't bother me - but is the reason I gave it 5 stars . The basket is a nice size for a smaller stroller and the handle height is good -LRB- although my 6 ' 1 '' husband still wishes they were a bit taller -RRB- . My sister-in-law bought the same stroller and she bought an organizer/cup holder tote that attaches between the handles . I am thinking of purchasing something similar to have a cupholder . I love the higher weight limit of this stroller - both my 2 year old and my 41/2 year old can ride in it safely within the weight limit . All in all - this is a great , sturdy stroller by Graco .
 I am SOOO happy with this stroller ! I totally recommend it!We were shopping around for a new stroller for our 21/2 year old son . We have a Graco travel system , which I loved when he was a baby , but it is just TOO big now . We have a cheap umbrella stroller , which I hate . We had a jogging stroller , which was also too big to take along in the car . My son , at 37 inches tall and 36 lbs , is just too heavy to buy another cheap umbrella stroller -LRB- which only go up to 40 lbs -RRB- . I needed something that would last us for a few more years , and we just do n't have the money for a Maclaren.That 's when I saw the Ipo ! I have watching and waiting for the best price and found it here on Amazon . We got it today , and it was sooo easy to put together ! The canopy is a little difficult to put on under the fabric , but once I got it on , it has n't come off . It is so easy to open and close , but I do n't have to do it one handed as I always open it before I take my son out of the car seat and close it after I put him back in . So that part does n't really matter to me . It is a bit heavy , but that 's because the frame is all metal.We took him out for a walk today , and it was so smooth and easy to steer . Loved it ! I love the fact that it has a basket , that 's a feature most umbrella strollers do n't have . No cupholders but again most umbrella strollers do n't have them . If needed , you can buy a separate cupholder for it . We will probably do that before we go to the zoo this summer , but for now it is fine . I usually carry a water bottle in the diaper bag when we go for walks . My husband in 6 feet tall and can push this with no hunching over . I love it !
 This is a great compact stroller . It fully reclines . Has a nice basket and sun shade . It folds small like an umbrella stroller but has features like my big stroller . We never use our big stroller any more . Our one year old little boy loves that he is right out front to see everything . I searched for quite a while to find somthing compact that would lay down . This is my idea of the perfect stroller . The only con is that there is no drink holder .
 I bought this to replace my Combi lightweight/compact stroller which my daughter has outgrown . She 's 5 , but I still find her wanting to ride or be carried . The combi became increasingly more difficult to maneuver with a larger child . This Graco IPO more than accommodates her -LRB- she 's about 38 lbs -RRB- and I have complete control and maneuverability . The storage area under the seat is more than enough room for whatever I 've needed so far . Plus the dual handles make for places to hang bags when shopping .
 My 4 yr old daughter has had this spray used on her since birth . She is still wearing pull ups at night so she gets a spray before the pull up goes on and first thing when it comes off . We love this stuff from the light scent to the fact that it works . Buy one - try it - if it is n't for you , so be it ... but we have sworn by this stuff for 4 yrs ... and I am at the site to buy more . : -RRB-
 Loved the all natural ingredients . Has a pleasing scent and the spray bottle is great . The small sample of baby soap was super nice . Thank you !
 You only need to apply a little and 2 0z lasts a long timeMiracle of Aloe Rosacea Cream -LRB- 2 oz -RRB- Helps soothe Rosacea flare ups with 50 % Aloe Vera Gel . This unique preparation was specifically developed to effectively combat the short and long term symptoms of Rosacea . Extra gentle non-irritating formula with a high concentration of soothing , healing Aloe Vera gel and other skin protecting agents . Shields skin from sun and promotes healing . With daily use , lightly tinted formula will help reduce redness and inflammation and help skin appear more healthy and natural . Can be used under make-up . Features
 The cream is working and my redness is slowly going away . Will continue touse it as I am tired of looking red all the time . Would recommend to anyone whosuffers with red skin .
 After so many products have n't helped me any , I was a little susceptible to try this , but my face has been in so much pain lately that I decided to give it one more go . Boy am I glad that I did . This stuff is fantastic ! My rosacea tends to feel -LRB- and look -RRB- like somebody is setting my face on fire , but as soon as I put this cream on , it instantly felt better . It took a few more uses before the redness and swelling really started to go away , but my face has been feeling and looking better ever since !
 I have rosacea where the little bumps break out on the end of my nose and around it . I know in terms of rosacea sufferers , this is pretty minor -- but it 's been distressing to me ! In May ' 09 , my mother bought me some of this Miracle of Aloe cream to try . It helped tremendously ! It virtually stopped the bump breakouts and reduced the slight redness on my cheeks . On the few occasions I did have a small flare up , I felt as thought it healed quicker and looked less red because of the aloe . Since using this I 've had compliments on my skin ; I even think it 's helped with wrinkles a tad -LRB- but I 'm not promoting it as anti-wrinkle cream -RRB- . I would highly recommend trying this product . I will say it 's effectiveness is best when used 2-3x a day .
 I purchased this product together with another product -LRB- Prosacea -RRB- as my FINAL attempt to get some relief from my ever-worsening condition . Prior to this , I had tried several other natural products ranging from anti-fungals to various `` healing '' creams . Nothing had helped at all . I decided to make one final search for something and found this pair of products . Unlike with previous products that I had tried using one-at-a-time so I would know which one was helping -LRB- and since none of them did any good -RRB- , I tried using these two products together . After a week or so I began to notice some drying/flaking of my skin . And , low and behold , after rubbing off the dead skin , the underlying skin was much lighter in color . It 's been several weeks nowof twice daily application of the two products , and the condition continues to improve , little by little ... Praise God for leading me to these products !
 I just received this yesterday and already my skin is calmed down . And it feels really nice going on . Very soothing and cooling actually . I also like how it 's slightly tinted which helps decrease the redness . As an added bonus , it did n't make me break out . I recommond this product very highly .
 I ordered four different kinds of creams for my red face and this one 's the best by far . Thanks rosacea cream .
 I 've suffered from redness and flare ups on my cheeks for a few years now , I 've tried numerous over the counter products with only mediocre results . Right from the first application I noticed an instant and dramatic improvement . I 'd estimate the redness has been reduced by 90 % , and my skin is much smoother and healthy looking . I 've been using it 2-3 times a day and I 've got to say my face looks the best it has in years . Nothing short of amazing ! I highly recommend giving this a try !
 I have suffered with Rosacea for my entire life . . a couple of years ago I came across this wonderful product . . I only wish that I had researched a relief product years ago . . this product does work wonders for me . . its cool to the skin when applying . . also I have noticed that when I have a flair up they are mild . . no longer do I get the flaming red cheeks or neck . . I recommend this product to anyone who is tired of the embarrassing results of Rosacea.You will be quite pleased !
 This product is great ! It feels nice and is very relaxing . My only complaint is that the scent is slightly too strong for my 8-month old . I 'm thinking we 'll wait to use it when he turns a year old .
 I have had an adjustable sling before that I never liked . I found the Peanut Shell with this baby -LRB- Mary Ann -RRB- and have been using it since her birth 7 weeks ago . I absolutely love this sling and would recommend it to anyone ! Oh , did I mention that Mary Ann is our 10th baby ? : o -RRB- Blessings , Lori
 My daughter -LRB- 4yrs old -RRB- loves these , we take them everywhere . They are perfectly sized for small hands . Easy to clean , dishwasher proof . Stainless steel seems good quality as no rust after being through the dishwasher multiple times .
 I am buying several more sets of these both for my own family and for gifts as these are the best sized children 's flatware available . They are perfect for toddlers and preschoolers on up , since they are nice and skinny at the handles and easy to hold . The fork prongs actually poke through the food -LRB- instead of the early eater ones which you ca n't pick anything up with unless you scoop ! -RRB- I feel safe letting my four year old try cutting up her own food with the knife , and the spoon has a great round shape -LRB- not flat like many baby spoons -RRB- so she can actually scoop things up ! As a bonus they are so cute and snap together . Dishwasher safe -LRB- they are always being used and washed at our house ! -RRB- We have had these for 3 years and they are still going strong !
 My daughter loves the jogger and foot muff and that was good enough for me !
 The functional dimensions -LRB- not the size of the bag it comes in ! -RRB- of this product should be given - it does not fit the very popular Graco Quattro Tour . It is very sturdy and warm . I like everything about it except I needed it and it was too darn small ! The canopy of my stroller and the adult cup holders and storage were in the way . Since the canopy does not detach , my toddler 's short little legs were hanging out the bottom . Better for a small stroller and a small baby . I 'm going to the bus stop twice a day to get my kids on and off , and I need something that WORKS , and will continue to work for AWHILE . Unless the manufacturer starts making this bigger , The potential length of use is short enough and limited enough by it 's incompatibility issues that it is not worth the money . If it were bigger , it would be worth it . The reflective trim is great , it is pretty and durable , and warm .
 I love this product except it does not properly fit a jogging stroller no matter what the manufacturer says . My little boys toes stick out of the bottom because the cover is n't long enough in the front to fully cover the stroller . My son is on the small side
 It 's well made , stylish and keeps my little one protected from the elements . However , I ca n't give it 5 stars because it did n't fit my jogging type stroller at first . The opening was n't big enough for my stroller 's handle and it would n't go on all the way . After much pulling , I managed to get it somewhat over somewhat , but it left my son 's feet exposed . I kept at it and after a few weeks of use , it had stretched enough that I was able to force it over -LRB- with a slight ripping sound -RRB- . Now it works great , though I 'm not sure how I 'll get it back off .
 I purchased this cover to take to NY city a couple of years ago when my baby boy was little . It not just did the trick but it kept him so warm and cozy in there . It worked great to soundproof the surroundings and the dark cover is a genious idea . It made my trip to NY city much easier with a baby . Great quality . We are about to start using it with our second child this winter in Colorado and I 'm sure it will deliver!great buy !
 I do like this product that 's why I gave it 4 stars . It seems very warm , the only problem is I 'm not sure if it fits the jogging stroller right . It says it does , but the strings just do n't pull tight enough . I still only take the baby out in the cold when I have to run to school for my other kid , not worth fighting the other cars to go down the street , other than that I do n't use it , so I 'm not sure it 's worth the money . If you walk a lot than I 'd recommend using it .
 Before I purchased this item , I was looking for reviews that mentioned using this cooler with a City Mini Double stroller -LRB- to see if it would be compatible with ours -RRB- : Some people have described having the cooler -LRB- full of items -RRB- attached to the stroller and being able to fold the stroller without problems ... some reviews said it does n't attach to double strollers ... so I was n't sure what to expect by some of the confusing/conflicting reviews I had read , but decided to try it out for myself.It does attach to our stroller -LRB- City Mini Double -RRB- and we can fold stroller with cooler attached , BUT the cooler has to be empty , since where it attaches -LRB- the most secure place on this stroller is the second cross bar -RRB- it has to be able to collapse the cooler , to be able to fold the stroller flat.This is not a big problem , but it means that I have to remember to empty the cooler first before I can fold/load it into the car -LRB- just a little hassle -RRB- or if we are taking the stroller for a Disney trip -LRB- for example -RRB- , and bringing things to go in this cooler , I have to store them someplace else during our car trip there -LRB- i.e. separate cooler -RRB- . You may think why not just take this cooler off then instead of using two coolers , but taking this one off/on is more of a hassle , and I would n't want to fool with it in a parking lot . I really did n't want to get that lengthy , but I wanted to describe actual use for anyone that has this stroller -LRB- so they could picture how it would actually be -RRB- . All-in-all , -LRB- little hassels and all -RRB- I am so glad we got it , because this looks sleek , gives us a little more space for storage on our stroller , and is a way to keep drinks from getting hot in the summer -LRB- especially on long days out where drinks would be hot in an hour otherwise -RRB- . Other notes about the cooler : Description says it can hold a 6 pack of 12oz cans , this is true -LRB- but without ANY extra space for an ice pack , etc -RRB- - which means it will hold less if you want to put an ice pack -LRB- so this is pretty small -RRB- . Best feature I LOVE about this cooler , is that it attaches low on the stroller -LRB- for two reasons -RRB- : It is out of the way , not in the way of my feet when walking , but also not taking up space in the under basket -LRB- allowing more cargo there -RRB- AND most importantly since it is low , it will not make the stroller tippy.For those that have a single stroller , I would imagine this would attach to the lowest bar on the stroller , allowing you to fold it full -LRB- and be out of the way -RRB- - which would make this cooler even better . Hope this helps anyone else that has a double stroller and is confused by the conflicting reviews .
 Used this for a recent trip to Disney . Worked great on the stroller . We were able to put 3-4 regular bottles of water or sippy cup combo in and still be able to fold the stroller easily . My husband at first thought this was a strange item when I bought it but it really comes in handy and is so unobtrusive you can easily just keep it there for when you need it .
 Just came back from Disney trip . It 's a great product especially when it 's a 100 degrees outside . I am not sure if you can fit six 12oz bottle ... I 've used it for baby food -LRB- 3 or 4 jars -RRB- I would also recommend to use ice packs . Worked great !!! Stroller folds with no problem !!!
 I keep joking that we 've spent a fortune pimping out our stroller , but this was a must have for long days out . Keeps healthy snacks like fruits and veggies cold . And do n't forget a bottle of water for mom.It 's about the size of a six-pack and does n't make the stroller -LRB- we have a city mini -RRB- any bulkier when we fold it up .
 I have a City Mini Double and I have to say that it does not affect how flat the stroller folds ! My husband loves it because we are always outside with the neighbors and he does not have to go back inside to get a cold drink . It will be great for when we go on trips too . We use this product every day and absolutely LOVE it !
 I bought this knowing that I do n't have a jogging stroller but wanted something to put drinks in when we go on day trips to various festivals . Even though it does n't fit quite like the picture -LRB- we have an umbrella stroller -RRB- it still works great ! This is really worth the buy as far as I 'm concerned ... jogger or not .
 I love this ! It does n't take up any room -LRB- meaning if it was off , it 's just empty space -RRB- . I used it a lot on a recent trip to Disney , it holds 4 frozen water bottles , and a small sippy cup . The adults were very happy to have really cool water , as opposed to paying $ 3 + for a bottle in the parks . If you do n't put your stuff in it , it completely holds lunch and sippy cups for baby . It keeps everything cool all day . A great accessory !!! And one less thing to `` forget '' as it 's already attached , and does n't interfere with folding , even if full .
 we like this bag quite a bit and i feel like it has saved us a ton of money because when my friend and i go to the zoo -LRB- at least 8-9 times a year for an all-day trip -RRB- she spends at least 20 bucks on food and drink for her and her two year old . whereas my two year old and i eat out of our cooler bag and it costs maybe 2.50 from home ? it was kind of hard to attach , but we store it seperate from the stroller so we can keep it packed and in the fridge to grab on the way out the door . you ca n't fill it completely with drinks , because if you do , it puts a ton of pressure on the underneath basket and it pushes the basket to rub on the front wheel . i was upset when i learned that , but once i learned that i just had to change the weight distribution of the basket and the cooler , all was well . we usually put a bottle of water and a sub , 2-3 pks of fruit snacks , a juice box , an apple/banana , and a thing of pudding and a thing of yogurt in there . as you can see , it holds a lot if you pack it correctly ! it has saved us at least a hundred bucks just in the 6 zoo trips we have used it for . we will also use it for disney , the museums , aquaiums , exc , its very useful . it is not as large as some people , but i have no trouble packing meals for my husband , myself , and our baby for lunch if i do n't pack the drinks in there . i also use the parent console to hold drinks , the insulated spot helps . overall , kind of pricy for a little cooler , but it does a great job and serves its purpose . i anticipate it driving up the resale value of my stroller when we need to move up to a double , if i do n't transfer it to a new one .
 I purchased this cooler bag for our City Mini Double stroller - fits perfectly ! Velcros right on to the frame - it does n't stay level though , tips forward just a bit , but that did n't effect the functionality of it at all . We used it for a day trip to Manhattan - it held 3 juice boxes , 3 milk `` juice '' boxes , baggie of apples , baggie of sliced peppers , 2 cooling packs . It is a tight fit - would fit 6 soda cans exactly . It did n't get in the way of the undercarriage storage or our feet . I am going to purchase another one for the other side to hold more snacks and something for Mama to drink .
 I love having this cooler attached to my stroller . it keeps thing cool for a very long time . i thought it was bigger . They really should have made it taller and wider . it can hold about 4 water bottles -LRB- laying down -RRB- with couple of ice-packs . I really havent been able to put anything up right in it , which i think is it major down fall and why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . also i wish they would have added an extra strap or had a better attachment system . if you dont get it very tight it will lean forward and it does take a good minuted to attach to the stroller .
 It took me 5 minutes to figure out that for the double stroller it works best to wrap a figure 8 around the corners with the side straps , but it works perfect now .
 Perfect little compartment for the bottom of the stroller . It goes on very quickly and the stroller can still fold up perfectly when it is attached ! We love this !
 I have to say that I love this cooler bag . I leave it attached to my stroller and do n't remove it ever . I can fold up the stroller with items still in the cooler without any problems . It is a small cooler , but that 's the way it 's described and it works for me . I normally just put half frozen water bottles in the bag . The only downside , is that as things melt , the cooler may leak some , but it 's not a big issue . I 've also used the cooler bag to put extra items in it just for more space when we were sight seeing last year .
 i really love this item , it keeps things cool for HOURS !! no really . and it is so convenient as well . as far as the seller , i would happily recomment them to anyone
 Perfect for bottles of milk , snacks , etc. and is out of the way . Does n't take up any room in the diaper bag or under the stroller , and the weight is negligible . Plus , the citimini still folds well !
 This cooler bag is a nice addition to my City Mini . I honestly do not use it very often , I always forget it is there . But it is nice to store cold drinks and food . We used it a lot on vacation . I would bring the stroller down to the pool and store water and lunch in the cooler bag so we did n't have to go back to the room until the day was over : -RRB-
 I love this bag . I had doubts and was not sure this would work . Holds my six pack and also my kids bottle .
 I 'll be honest , I 've had this cooler for about a week now and I have yet to use it . We are going on vacation soon so I am sure that I will get plenty of use then .
 the Firefly Table lamp arrived in great shape . cute lamp and great light . easy to direct the light
 Bought this for the living room , but it was just a bit too funky . Instead , it has ended up in our 6YO 's bedroom , where it looks quite suitable , and he loves it . It 's actually very bright considering the light bulbs are about the size of my pinkie fingernail !
 Love the way the lamp looks , but it was n't easy to get the globes in place . There were extra `` rings '' around the base of the lamp holders . My husband had to remove those before the glass globes would fit on .
 I looked at every mobile I could find before deciding on this one and am 100 % pleased with it ! The melodies are great , not cheesy , love that it has cricket sounds , and LOVE the nighttime mode with moons/stars that project up into the canopy ! The remote will come in handy too . I would buy this again and again , fantastic mobile !
 This is very usefull for my child to get asleep , sometimes she has the inverse clock problem . nice thing , recommended
 I got this mobile for our son when he was a few months old . He 's now 11 months old and loves to reach up and press the large , brightly-colored buttons . He seems to prefer the night mode with the moon and stars . The moon and stars look different than in the picture because it seems like the picture portrays them as being different colors when , in reality , they 're all the same color.We like how it has a volume control , a day/night mode , and the ability to swivel out of the way when we 're reaching into the crib . The music , like with many baby-related things , can get annoying after a while but the nature sounds are nice -LRB- the leaf button -RRB- . We often play the music and have the Sleep Sheep running rain or ocean sounds at the same time as background . The remote has n't gotten a lot of use because our baby is usually asleep before it 's through with the music , but we have noticed that the TV remote can turn it on and off.Most importantly , the baby loves it .
 This is an awesome mobile ! My son LOVES it ! It has saved me a hundred times , just to put him down for a sec and have him not cry ! There are other mobiles out there just as good if not better , but none as inexpensive for what you get !!! I 'm tempted to buy 2 more for grandparents houses , just so when we visit he wo n't have to go without !
 Our son loved this mobile.It was n't perfect ... the motor was a little loud , the remote could turn our TV on and the mobile was hard to fit to our crib.We are going to buy another for our second child since it was a huge hit with the first .
 I originally bought this mobile in 2008 for my second child . I loved it . The lights entertained my baby to no end and with the remote I could turn it on over and over without disturbing her . She loved the mobile so much that we took the animals off the hood for her to play with when she was older . Unfortunately , I lost those parts and some others when we moved , so I am buying another for baby number three.The only negative is the battery life . I felt like I was changing them fairly often and they are in an inconvenient place for changing .
 My baby loves this thing ! Easy to install . My three year old loves to sit next to my infants bed and use the remote which keeps them both happy . I love the different noise options and it serves as a timed nightlight as well . two , very big , thumbs up !
 I 'm always hesitant to buy products online , but this was a great buy . My baby girl smiles as soon as we turn it on ! It 's worth the money .
 I just received this mobile as a shower gift and installed it on our crib . It is advertised as being super quiet but I am finding that it seems loud when it turns . I am not sure if I should exchange it , or if they are all like this . Please post a reply if you have any comments .
 I really like this mobile . My only negative feedback is that the remote control is line of sight , nothing can be in the path or it wo n't work , which is kind of pointless to some degree , but I do find it handy while nursing in the room to keep the lovely frog & bird sounds going . It is nice how the creatures face downward for baby 's viewing pleasure . My baby is only 25 days old & already it catches her attention .
 its very pretty but i havent started using it , i guess i might have same trouble , the batteries !!
 This mobile is an excellent choice . It has two setting - day and night . The day setting allows the canopy to spin to four very different `` songs '' and the night setting has the day features with the added light show . It projects onto the canopy and spins in the opposite direction of the toys hanging from the canopy . It is very soothing for my 1 month old daughter . One of the best features of this mobile is the remote control for parents . The music and lights will play for around 10 minutes . If your child is not to sleep yet and needs more music to lull them to sleep , simply press the button on the remote -LRB- hanging on your child 's door knob -RRB- and the mobile starts up again . It is fantastic . They do n't even have to know you are checking on them ! There is one other feature I forgot to mention . There is a volume button with two settings . I use both . This product is sturdy and very well made . The assembly was not difficult and I would definitely recommend it . By the way , there is no winding involved with this mobile . Just press a button and it 's spinning !
 UPDATE 1/8/2011
 I really like this mobile and so does my little girl -LRB- 5 weeks old -RRB- . I read the review that said it was poorly made but mine works just fine . The animals are really bright colored and cute on it and they face downward so the baby can see their faces instead of their butts the whole time . Also , the light show is within her range of sight . Many mobiles project on the ceiling but little babies ca n't see that far . The 4 music selections are pretty good too . It 's just repetitious enough to calm her down but I have n't gotten annoyed with it yet . And with two volume settings , it 's nice for when she 's almost asleep . Plus , the overhead part comes off of the music box for the day when she 's too old for that part but would still like the music . There is no winding things up and the remote is a nice extra feature . By the way , it 's easy to put together also .
 I researched lots of mobiles trying to find just the right one . I knew that I wanted one with lights b/c my husband and I thought that would be a pretty cool feature . In my research I found out that most people did n't like the mobiles with lights b/c they hardly showed up -LRB- because they project on the ceiling -RRB- so when I saw this mobile with the lights shining on the canopy I decided to give it a try . The picture shown above does not do it justice - it has bright colors , the mobile arm moves which is great when you are changing crib sheets , the lights are bright on the canopy without disturbing my son or keeping him from falling asleep , the different music and nature sounds are perfect and include volume control . All in all we are very glad we ended up with this mobile . I have not had any trouble with it and my son is 4 mo. old now . I would say this is a wonderful product for the price and you ca n't go wrong with it !!!
 My 2 Month-Old daughter recieved this as a Christmas gift from her grandmother . We have it attached to her wooden cradle in our bedroom . It is a bit big , but we can swing the arm with the spinning canopy to either side when we take her in or out of the cradle . This is also a nice feature when we want to position the mobile over her , so it doesnt matter where we lay her down , she always has a great view . She enjoys watching the animals rotating , and the the light show also . The music is pleasant , and calming . It is nice that this mobile is battery powered . No winding it up every time . And the remote is great when you need to start it again , but do n't want baby to see you !
 This toy is driving me NUTS . My daughter LOVES IT AND WONT GO TO SLEEP WITHOUT IT . I had to buy a second one just in case this one broke , which it did after three years of CONSTANT use . The only negative is it eats up four D batteries like hotcakes.I highly recommend this one .
 We love this mobile . We bought this for our son because it has the light effect and our son absolutely loves it . The only complaint we have is how fast it goes through D batteries which as we all know are very expensive . Just make sure you turn off the power switch when your child falls asleep . If you leave the power switch on so that you can just hit a button to turn it on then you will be replacing the 3 batteries every week or more often .
 This is a great mobile ! I got this for a friend 's newborn and they have had nothing but good things to say about it . The soft light and music work great to sooth babies and the colorful bugs are a nice distraction and give baby something to reach for .
 I purchased as a gift to my niece . I have same that I received for my baby . It is the most wonderful remote control mobile . All mothers can understand how nice is not to get up from the bed to turn mobile on .
 I got this mobile for my first child . Needless to say she loved it ! just like her younger brother and then a sister ! All three kids of mine loved it ! yes , the batteries runs out somewhat quickly ... But the mobile itself is great ! Night mode , day mode , 4 melodies , not to mention a RC !!! I do recommend it ! And for those who leaves their babies in the crib 24/7 and relies on a mobile to babysit non stop - well , keep changing the batteries !
 After having to return two mobiles for not fitting my daughters crib , I purchased this one praying I would not have to return it . The crib 's rails are not `` conventional '' and are rather thick . I was ecstatic and relieved that this mobile fit ! My almost 3 month old loves this mobile . Instead of staring at the ceiling fan in the nursery , she becomes enthralled now with this mobile ! I will place her in the crib and turn on the mobile during the day to take a shower and she does not once cry . At night when she is sometimes inconsolable , I will place her in her darkened room and the projection , movement , and varying music choices soothe her . The only downside is that it will only stay on for 10 minutes . There is a remote that will start it once it stops , as to not disturb baby if she has fallen asleep . She has not once fallen asleep to it yet , but we are not quite at that stage . I am very happy I purchased this mobile and highly recommend it .
 For our baby shower we registered for one of those wind up mobiles . They are horrible . It didnt play music very long and who wants to keep turning that tiny knob over and over ? Then a family friend gave us this and it is amazing . Since birth our son has LOVED it . It was always talking to it in the morning and during nap time before falling asleep . `` agoo-agoo '' as the butterfly and snail twirled around ... so adorable . The little animals are very cute and the music is really nice . So much better than the other contraptions we have , like the swing . It has some classical songs , baby type songs and the nature sounds . He is now 8 months old and he still really enjoys it . We mainly use the nature setting now before naps to create `` white noise '' . We definitely give it an A + ! It will be fun to see what the next baby thinks of it .
 I have to disagree with some of the bad reviews in here . The negative qualities about the wind up mobiles totally outweigh the negative qualities about this mobile . . I mean , what more do people want ? This mobile is battery operated , which is a plus because those wind up mobiles are a pain because you have to keep going in and winding the thing every 5 minutes , and distracting your baby who is almost asleep . This mobile also comes with a remote . . which allows cracking the door and turning it back on without any distractions at all . I love that feature . Sure , the batteries wear because the item is being used ! Unfortunately , there is no such thing as forever batteries , if there were , the battery corporations would be out of business . I find that most baby items that require batteries seem to drain them at a faster rate , but it 's most likely because the items are being used more often . This mobile seems to be the only battery operated mobile around . It 's a little more expensive , but well worth the extra money . I registered for a wind up . . but returned it after a few uses . . let alone the pain of winding it up , it was also cheaply made and not too sturdy . This mobile is VERY sturdy . . and you can rotate the top so it is n't hanging over your baby all night , if it makes you feel more at ease . This mobile also has a wonderful light show . . my son loves watching it and it puts him to sleep . I like the music , as well . The only drawback I found was . . the support screw scratched my crib . . but some padded heavy construction tape placed on the side that screws on took care of this problem . Highly recommended item and worth the extra money !
 This has been a wonderful mobile . I have n't had any of the problems that other reviewers mention -LRB- no grinding , no random turning-on of the mobile , no sucking of the batteries -RRB- . We bought this mobile when my daughter first started tracking objects/people with her eyes . She is now four months old and still loves it ! I usually put her under the mobile first thing in the morning so she can kick and shriek -LRB- happily -RRB- and I can make coffee and have some breakfast.I can see that she enjoys watching both the insects and the projected stars and moons . By the way , the room does n't have to be very dark at all for the projection to appear . I usually just turn down the light or turn it off if it 's daytime . No need to draw the shades or anything.My one complaint , and the reason why I did n't give this mobile 5 stars , is the noise . I wish I could just turn it on without it having to play some sort of sound . Three of the four buttons to operate the mobile play music - but it 's only a few chords and it 's very , very repetitive . The `` Hush Little Baby '' song is maddening and will not get out of your head . I usually turn it on with the one button that just plays nature sounds -LRB- crickets chirping , frogs croaking -RRB- . There are only two volume levels , so I ca n't turn the volume all the way down . I 'd rather play some music in her room than have to listen to the mechanical-sounding and repetitive tunes of this mobile . Luckily , the nature sounds option exists .
 After doing lots of research , we ended up purchasing this mobile and are very happy with it . It 's very colorful and my four-month-old loves the characters . The projection is great and allows him to see the mobile at night without other lights on in the room . The motor is a little noisy , but it almost adds more `` white noise , '' so it does n't seem to be a problem . The remote is helpful - although it does have to be pointed at the unit , so we have to remove it from the handle on the door each time . It 's nice to have four songs to choose from , but I wish it played more than a couple bars of each - it gets old -LRB- although I do n't think the baby minds -RRB- . I also wish the music played longer than 10 or 15 minutes since if he 's close to falling asleep and it stops suddenly , he cries . All in all a great product !
 Both my daughter and I absolutely love the mobile . It was the only thing capable of keeping her quiet on the changing table during the first month of her life - already more than worth the money ! And now at 61/2 months , she loves hitting buttons and having the music change.Things I like about it :1 . Good battery life .2 . Remote .3 . Projection -LRB- one of the few projection mobiles -RRB- .4 . Different kind of music -LRB- most mobiles I saw either played nursery rhymes or classical music , this one combines 4 different kinds of melodies
 When I was searching for a mobile for my twins , this one had everything I was looking for , and they loved it ! We used it every night and at naptime . The nighttime light show is great , and for the parents the remote control is very handy for `` repeats '' without going all the way into the room . The crickets tune seemed to really soothe my kids . They also liked the different little creatures , especially the butterfly with crinkly wings . We used this mobile until my son started pulling himself up in the crib . -LRB- While you can use the music portion and remove the canopy , we 'd received a crib cd player and used that for music instead . -RRB-
 When I registered for this , I thought it was a little excessive . The projection , music and hanging bugs seemed like a lot going on . Boy was I wrong !! My 4 month old has loved it since his first nap in his crib . The butterfly is his favorite and he smiles at it each time it comes around ! I start him out with everything on -- lights , and music . Then taper down to just music and no lights , then to just the crickets . It works very well for us and I 'm sooo glad my best friend bought it for us .
 I have twin girls that love this mobile . I put them in bed at 9 , turn on the mobile and they sleep until 8 the next morning . They love lights . I thought they would n't both be able to see the projection on the screen , but it is big enough they both can .
 She 's 7 months and the batteries have just now needed replacing . She can turn it on all by herself now by kicking the huge buttons or if i give her the remote . And it 's so high there is no way she can get herself tangled in it , so it is not a hazard ! At first I thought it was too stimulating for her but now it is just what she needs to entertain herself while I get 30 minutes more sleep
 When I turned it on , the beautiful night light caught my baby 's attention right away . She loves watching the light . Sometimes she watched it for too long , got overtired , and then cried : -RRB- HOWEVER , there was a big problem with this product . It can not fit to my baby 's crib !!! Just like what the other reviewer said , if you have a slightly more expensive crib , this unit may not fit to the rail . But since my baby seems to love this unit , so I filed flat the top of the thread screw of this unit -LRB- I needed to remove about 4mm from it -RRB- . Now I can fit it to the crib . Hopefully it wo n't break down or else I may have problem returning it .
 Hi All - I am a new Mom and have spent hours reading books , reviews and walking aisles in stores for all of the products we have for our first born . We bought 2 Fisher Price Mobiles before this . One was the aquarium which did fit our crib . Despite that there still is the option to use it on a flat surface to do the light show . We did not like it AT ALL . Then we purchased the Little Laugh and Learn Sweet Moon Dreams . This did fit but did not work right and was not secure on our crib . The light show was not that great either . It is busy looking and the animals and leaves -LRB- which move in opposite directions -RRB- would hit every time they moved around thus getting them stuck . SO ... . we then bought the First Years Dreams in Sight . LOVE it !! Easy to put together , great volume control and the light show is great . It does not go on the ceiling , but is great for the baby to see and is SO cute . Please take my advice and save yourself the trouble from having to go 3 . Many other reviews have helped us choose wonderful products so please go with this one . It is GREAT !!
 I bought this for transitioning my son from my room to his crib in his room . I though something that would keep his attention in the dark would help him not focus on the fact that he was in different place . It may have hepled , because he has slept peacefully in his room since the first night , and he seems to really like it.The characters that dangle from the mobile are cute , and the light show projection is entertaining for the baby since it projects right onto the canopy , close to his face where he can actually focus on it as opposed to ceiling displays on other products . There 's a seperate day and night setting , both playing music but with the added light show on the night setting . I have found that unless it 's super bright in the room he can still see the light show durng the day , so I just always use that setting.One thing I really like is how migh above the mattress it hangs . My baby is currently almost 6 months old and is nowhere near being able to grab the characters . The music box part that fastens to the side of the crib , however , is well within his reach , he plays with it ALL the time ! I like that I 'll be able to keep that attached to the crib even after I take the mobile down.Some disadvantages ... like other reviews stated , there is somewhat of a grinding sound that comes from the motor inside , however mine must not be as bad as some have described , because it is n't loud enough to drown out the music or anything . Really loud noises must be manufacturing flaws and I 'd recommend sending it back -LRB- keep the box til you make a decision ! -RRB- . You pretty much need to be in direct line of sight with the mobile to use the remote . It 's not that bad , but it 's annoying for me because my room is directly across the hall , and I still have to get up and stand at his doorway to use it . No big deal ... just kind of annoying.Many people have complained about battery life , but I think the problem is leaving the mobile on all day , draining the battery . There 's an `` off '' position , and then night and day `` on '' positions . When the mobile stops playing after its 10-minute interval , it is still `` on '' as long as the switch is in either the day or night position . Get in the habit of pushing the switch over to `` off '' before going to bed or whenever you take the baby out of the crib , and not turing it on again until the next time you lay him down to use it . Makes a huge difference.One last thing that could be improved is the music ... there are only 3 different songs and one `` nature sounds '' option , it 'd be nice if there were more .
 My child loves this mobile . He was facinated with it when I first got it and now that he 's approaching his first birthday he still loves listening to the music . Now he has fun pressing the buttons himself to change the tune . The fact that it 's inexpensive is great too . I highly recommend this to everyone .
 A friend gave us this mobile and we just love it . My husband is a musician , so most of the baby tune stuff drives him nuts -LRB- out of tune , wrong notes , etc. -RRB- . But this mobile was a hit . We just love one of the songs it plays , and the light up feature is really neat - especially at night . My daughter stays entertained by it .
 My son loved this mobile ! It 's super cute , and the light show at night is great .
 I returned the Aquarium mobile -LRB- with projection -RRB- because it was hard to fit the crib and the projection was too far away for a new baby 's eyes . I bought this instead and my baby loves it ! I 've used it since 2 months old and he 's 7 months now and still loves it ! He giggles at the `` insects '' as they float by and I can see him concentrate on the moon & stars shapes from the projection/bulb . It fits the crib great and I 've even bought a second one for our second home up north !! I would definitely recommend this over the Aquarium mobile ...
 Just wanted to let previous reviewers know that if the light bulb burns out it takes a 4.8 bolt .5 amp light bulb . : -RRB-
 My son was given this mobile as a gift at his baptism -LRB- 6 months of age -RRB- . He does n't sit up without help and I have n't yet dropped the matress to it 's lowest setting and he STILL ca n't reach it . He LOVES watching the bugs float by and will watch this thing for HOURS . If only I 'd had one of these with my FIRST two kids . Now I actually have a chance to set the baby down somewhere safe without hearing the protests from the crib!I highly recommend this because it 's the best built , most durable mobile I ever used/seen . We use rechargeable batteries and have just now had to replace them -LRB- I have 2 sets in rotation -RRB- . We play this thing over and over and over . Long after the batteries are drained to the point the stars do n't project , it will STILL play the music and turn the mobile.Whoever had the batteries run out pretty quickly was probably using bad batteries .
 We love this mobile ! This is the nicest mobile I have ever owned/seen . My son loves to stare at it , and it even helps him to fall back to sleep . I wish I had this mobile 4 years ago when my daughter was born !
 We and , more importantly , our son love this mobile ! Our son gets really excited - kicking and grinning when he sees it ! He definitely shows a preference for the mode with the light function on ! The last few nights our son -LRB- 3 mos -RRB- has turned it on himself by kicking the buttons when he woke during the night - I know it has to be a fluke but I 'll take it - the mobile soothes him back to sleep ! My only wishes are that there was a lower light setting - it 's a little bright in a dark room , and I 'd like a lower volume setting . Ours has quit rotating twice and both times we found that it was tightened down to tightly to the crib and operated fine when loosened a bit !
 We were given a hand-me-down one of these . My little guy LOVES it ! The music is nice , not irritating at all . That is important to me because I 'm a musician . Also , the lights lull him right to sleep . We have it attached to his cradle next to our bed ... the thing even makes me drowsy!If our used hand-me-down mobile ever breaks , I 'm definitely replacing it with the EXACT same one .
 Was surprised to see the other negative reviews so thought I would add my positive experience with this mobile . Ours is 21/2 years old , so maybe something in it changed recently , but ours ran fine and my girls loved it . My younger one got the hang of being able to push the buttons to change the music herself . I also liked the remote so I could turn it on without her seeing me -LRB- which would mean she would never settle down -RRB- . Loved the little lights from it too .
 We originally bought a mobile that matched our bedding . It did not take long before the songs became intolerable . A friend recommended this one , and it has worked out perfectly . The music is by Bach with a nursery feel . The nighttime setting is great . Our little girl loves it - put her to sleep quickly . I highly recommend this product .
 This mobile is one of the best purchases that I 've made for my baby . After doing lots of research I decided to give this mobile a try and I 'm glad that I did because it is worth it 's weight in gold . I 've been using it everyday since my son was born 11 months ago . I 've had to change the batteries three times during this 11 month period which I think is very reasonable considering that it is used several times each day . I use it on the day setting before my son takes his naps and it usually puts him to sleep before it finishes with one cycle of music . My son has gotten used to falling asleep with this mobile so before I even turn it on he is looking up at it and waiting to see it , especially when I use it at night on the night setting and the stars and moon light up . There is a remote that comes with it but I have n't had to use it because my son usually falls asleep within the first music cycle or shortly thereafter by himself . Now that my son is mobile he has begun to crawl over and switch the mobile on himself until he falls asleep . We 've taken this mobile to hotels with us and used the back of chairs to attach it to so that we could help my son stay in his napping and nighttime routine . I highly recommend this mobile - it 's a lifesaver at helping your child get to sleep and calm down when their are in ` cranky sleep fighter mode ' .
 We 've had this mobile for about 2 weeks now ... no battery changes needed and it is working just fine ! This mobile is calming & soothing . We started with another mobile -- the Tiny Love Musical Symphony . However , it was really loud and honestly just kept my son awake since it was so stimulating ! When I put him in his crib , my hope is that he 'll fall asleep and this First Years mobile does just that!The remote is also a great feature so I do n't have to come into the room while he is about to fall asleep.And finally ... I love that this can be used at night ! We tried the other mobile at night , but he really could n't see it -- even with a night light . It just made noise . This one has nice music -LRB- ok ... it is not the best music ever , but he 's a baby and it is calming enough -RRB- and the screen makes lovely light pictures for him to look at.So far ... this mobile has been great ! And I highly recommend it .
 I 've had this mobile for 6 months now . My baby girl loves it , the lights and bright little animals still amaze her . It has 3 tunes and 1 `` nature sounds '' . She now knows which one means bedtime , playtime , etc. . I always play the same one at night , another during daytime -LRB- naps -RRB- . The canopy moves sideways so that you can pick your baby up from the crib without hitting it.The remote works great , and she also uses it as a toy . She laughs just looking at it , and now likes to throw it on the floor just to look at me picking it up , I guess :-RRB- It has n't broken yet ... I was scared of getting this , but really wanted it . I 'd read some bad reviews on its functioning , batteries , etc. . I 've changed the batteries once in 6 months . I do take care not to leave it on when not in use . It does stay on after the tune is over -LRB- so that you can use the remote to hit play -RRB- . Assembly was n't very easy , but since its only done once , it was fine . Go by the instructions and be very patient . I still have n't gotten to the part where you take it down and ca n't disassemble it to put away , but I guess its worth the hassle.I would recommend this , and would buy again .
 We bought this for our newborn . Even my 2 - and 3-year olds enjoy it . The songs are great and the rain sound seems to soothe the baby . We have n't experienced any problem with it except that it consumes batteries fast and when it restarts the songs , it sort of starts then stops but it was no big deal for us . Using the remote helps remedy the start-and-stop songs .
 I had this on my baby registry and did n't know much about it except I liked the projection . Once I received it and put it to use I instantly fell in love with it . Besides being cute , it certainly did the job with my newborn . She loved watching the lights and shapes rotating on the canopy . She could stare at it for quite some time before falling asleep . The music selections are tranquil and calming . The highest volume setting was loud so we kept it at the second level which was just perfect . The remote control is a lifesaver !! My daughter is now 7 months and she still uses it but with only the music since she grabs at the actual mobile . The only thing I can say bad about this mobile is the batteries it requires . But with all babies toys you have to replace it frequently depending on how much you use it . We loved this mobile so much we recommended it to family and they also bought it and loved it .
 I do really like this play pen but I wish they could make it more playful rather than like a cage !
 I was fully against kiddy prisons until I had twins . You ca n't possibly be everywhere at once and they plot against you . After a chipped tooth and a black eye , we invested in one of these and foam matting to get us through the new walker phase . It was a godsend . They had cruise handles to walk around , toys that dangled and were just content . We used it for a few months then put it away just before their first birthday -LRB- they walked very early . -RRB- Now it is our tree fort to keep out babies from touching presents and pulling/chewing on lights.One thing was that it was shipped broken , so examine it carefully when it comes in but the replacement was here a few days later .
 We purchased 2 two-piece extensions for our playyard to expand it for ours twins . Even with the extensions the playyard is still sturdy and easy to move . The girls love to play in it with all their toys and still have lots of room .
 I bought this for an extension to make my puppies play yard a bit larger . It would be great for small kids as it has worked wonders for my two German Shepherd/mix pups . They are getting a bit large for it now , but will still go in fairly easily whenever I need to pack in groceries or do yard work that they can not be roaming around in the yard .
 I purchased the two panel extension kit for the Summer Secure Surround gate system which attached easily and has made a great idea even better.My granddaughter has more than enough room to play and not feel as thoughshe is being caged in . This summer it will be easy to bring her outside to play and not worry and watch every second we are out there . The system is tall enough to be useable for years and when the good weather comes we can think about the other attachments -LRB- shade umbrella , etc. -RRB- available .
 The gate works well . It is a little hard to move the panels , but overall works well !
 It 's sturdy and and the panels lock into place where you want them - great features . The only problem I had - they put these panels together backwards -LRB- they alternate -RRB- , So when I tried to connect this extension with the other six panels , they did n't match up . I had to unscrew the knobs on top to reconnect them correctly . This would n't have been a big deal -LRB- bc you have to unscrew at least one knob anyway to connect them -RRB- but the panels look so simlar that it took me a while to figure this out , so by the time I got done putting all 8 panels together I was exhausted and frustrated . But it 's done now and I really like it . Overall I would definitely recommend this . Hopefully , yours will come together in the correct order !! ; -RRB-
 This extension kit is a must-have if you own The Secure Surround Play Yard . It makes the play area MUCH MUCH bigger . I could n't imagine putting my daughter in anything smaller ! She is an active crawler and gets frustrated in confined places .
 Our baby is 9 months old and loves to crawl backwards and hide under furniture . We HAD to have something to pen her in if we wanted to walk away for even a moment . Once we put this up , my wife was so happy that she got her life back and could do other things while our baby played safely -LRB- and not under furniture -RRB- . The main issue is that the extension kit comes with instructions , BUT the instructions do not include how to add the kit onto the 6-panel yard . I had to use a screwdriver to undo a knob and move it so that I could attach the extension properly . Nowhere in the instructions does it say you have to unscrew the knob from the side and attach it to the appropriate side . -LRB- Perhaps I had a defective extension with the knob on the wrong side , but either case there was no other way it could line up properly on the 6-panel yard . -RRB- So we love the amount of enclosed space that it added , but that time grumpily wasted trying to figure out how to make the extension go in place was maddening and worthy of knocking off one star .
 I received the 6 piece base unit a few days before this arrived and my 10 month old fussed whenever I put him in it - there was n't as much room as I had hoped . Then we received the extentions - the amount of room it added was amazing!He happily plays in it , and I can get in , too !
 The extender panels arrived without instructions . It took me about 1/2 an hour to figure out how to add them , and I am usually pretty good with item assembly . I recommend buying two or three extender panel kits if you have a small child because they will need room in which to move around . Also , the panels are n't as see-thru as the picture would have you believe , so children really can not see you very well through the panels -LRB- I am the mother of an 8 month old girl and she cries if she ca n't see me -RRB- .
 We got these because we wanted to make a huge , safe play are for my son . It has worked great . My only complaint is that it is incredibly difficult to attach it to the existing gate and the whole think is a little flimsy , but we found that putting it over a rug really helped to anchor it . I would n't put it on top of a hard flat surface because it would move around I think .
 Purchased this in addition to the play yard . It is a must have for more room . My son can stay with his daughter in the space and stretch out . She crawls all over him in there .
 I bought these to enlarge my secure surround play yard . It works wonderfully and greatly increases the size of the play area . However , it is a royal pain to add the panels in . It was worth the trouble .
 Must have for baby!Makes play ground much bigger . I am finally happy with playground my baby has now .
 I bought 2 of these extension kits to block my fireplace . Like the other reviews mentioned , it is hard to put together , especially with no instructions . I am however , very pleased with the product itself . The knobs allow you to lock the gate into certain angles . I have mine set to 45 degree angles and have one panel on each side of my fireplace and two in the front . I thought I would have to rig something up to fasten the panels to my wall , but it actually stays in place well enough , so I wo n't have to ruin my walls !
 Great for extending the area the baby can play and move in . Being the mother of 6 , daycare provider of many , and grandmother of one so far I am a big believer in mobile babies having room to move and explore . This added to the Play Safe Play Yard gives the child lots of room to do just that . Especially nice for making a safe area for little ones to get outside and explore . We also use these two sections by themselves quite often to block little ones from getting up the stairs as the base of our stairs is rounded so the traditional gates do n't work .
 We originally bought the play yard thru Walmart for our puppy . As he grew , we need additional space . Amazon was the only carrier for the extra panels . It arrived quickly -LRB- within 2 days -RRB- and fit perfectl !!
 This , along with the play yard , has really made things so much easier for our daughter when she is outside doing yard work . Her son has plenty of room for activity and does n't seem to mind being confined with the yard .
 this item is easy to set up and close . i open it when my grandchild comes and then can close it flat in a closet when he leaves ... it is safe as it is not too hard when he falls ...
 This is a gate extension for the Summer gate as described . Overall this gate extension is easy to click into the existing gate / play area . I think it 's great if you use your gate frequently . If you completely close your play area and use this product as a cage for your child , it 's amazing how much additional square footage you get to your current play area.Great for multiple uses : -- home is n't baby-proofed enough ; -- need to cook and do n't want your clinging child getting near or in the oven ; -- did n't sleep at night because of your children and you do n't want to fall asleep to find your infant child climb and fall down the stairs.As stated above , it 's crazy how much extra space you get to the play area -LRB- or cage as it should be called -RRB- when you add the extension . I 'm 6 feet tall and with the extension , the area is big enough where I can place my child , lots of toys and myself in the cage with me laying down . This way , on those crazy no-sleep nights you can safely fall asleep without your baby crying for your nearby presence while still keeping your child safe .
 I Love this product ... this gate opens up with ease , unlike the other gate I purchased having to pry it open with thoughts of cracking at the folds !! No problem feeling that way with this gate , it seems to close and open with no hassels and tucks away conveniently ! Best purchase made , totally happy and satisfied ...
 This is a great playard ! BUT ... no where does it explain if you had the 2 piece attachment and you are connecting it to the 6 piece that you must use a screwdriver to remove the gray knobs and reassemble them in the correct space . I also thought that `` twisting '' and `` pushing '' the gate was a bit difficult -LRB- I felt as if I was going to break it ! -RRB- Thank you to the previous reviewer who explained that if you look underneath the gray knob you will see a small screw to remove it ! I would never have figured that out if I had n't been so frustrated I then came and looked at the reviews for help . Otherwise I 'm thankful to be able to put my little crawler somewhere safe to answer the door or step away for 1 minute !
 The Summer Infant 2 Sided Panel Extension Kit was exactly was I was looking for . We bought two of the extensions and they work great . They are very easy to install .
 We are grandparents , use this play yard very successfully with our toddler grands , easy to set up , convenient to store . We love it !
 good product . instructions were difficult to understand , but once I got the gate apart , the extension was easy to install and it added so much room ! I especially like the couple extra inches in height in this gate/play yard as opposed to similar products . Nice and sturdy too . My pets ca n't knock it over . Good product .
 The bounce help me a lot take care of baby ! I am sure it will be better , if there is much more color on the bounce , because baby always like to look at the more beautiful color !
 Others have said this too and I do n't have much to add . The color is not a soft pink . It 's a coral pink . That was disappointing that the color on the picture is not accurate . As for the fit on a twin bed I felt like it fit fine on mine but everyone 's bed is different so I think it just depends .
 The rails fit our daughter 's full size bed perfectly . Very easy to assemble using the straps . The only flaw was that one rail did not fully expand like it 's supposed to . I think it arrived broken but not a big deal .
 This has been a great product . Easy to put together and durable . Simple to use when making the bed , changing the sheets , etc. . My three year old daughter often puts her weight against it when sleeping and it has never once fallen open . She is now 4 and I 'm thinking of taking it away as she needs to learn to trust her own awareness of the edge of the bed . My only problem with this is aesthetically ... . the bed looks prettier without it ! Safety outweighs aesthetics though when it comes to kids .
 Im glad that i bought this product because now i dont have to worry about my 11/2 year old daughter falling off her bed . Pretty simple to put together .
 This potty seat works great ! I got it for my 18 month old daughter because she recently expressed an interest in using a potty , but she is afraid of our big toilet . I wanted a gender-neutral potty that did n't do anything freaky like sing or talk , and this fit the bill . I also did n't want a huge splash guard sticking up between her legs because I new that would deter her . I just wanted something basic , and I could n't pass up the great price!She is of average height for her age -LRB- 31 inches tall -RRB- and finds it a little difficult to get up into the seat without help , but one more inch and she should be fine.I only gave four stars because it is a little light weight and can be tipped over easily . My daughter can pick it up and carry it around with no trouble . She 's fascinated with it and likes to open all the lids , and it easily falls over , but it is worth noting that this is probably not typical use ! I do n't think this affects the safety of the product , but I 'm just not too thrilled to see my daughter carrying around her potty throughout the house . Maybe this will be a good thing in the future because she could use it totally independently and take it to wherever she needs a step stool , but only time will tell . All I know right now is that there is a potty in my living room and I did n't put it there.I would still buy another one of these because I think the price is fair for what you get and what it is used for .
 If you want a potty chair/step stool and do n't need any frills , this is the chair for you . We got this for potty training at Grandma 's house . The price was perfect and it works fine . It is a good height for a smaller child -- my 18 month old can get on and off very easily .
 I thought this potty was pretty durable and since it looked like the `` adult '' potty my son was pretty excited using it . Though he was potty trained pretty soon after buying this we still use this as a stool . I would definitely recommend this potty .
 Pros : Sturdy , yet light enough my daughter can move it on her ownThe blue seat can be taken off and used on the big pottyGood step stool -LRB- it can hold me , 145 pounds -RRB- Reservoir comes out easily for cleaning.Cons : Rubber feet fall off . I was n't paying attention and lost one right when we got it .
 The product wa shipped fast and was just what we needed . My son had been throught two other potty ` s one that looked like a frog and on the had music and light . Both scared the poor guy . We figured something basic would be the way to go . After a week my son used the potty exclusivly . Great product great price . I f you are looking for something basic to mimic mom/dad then this is the way to go
 Everything is great about this potty chair , except that it could have had a little more of the foundation to be a little more sturdy . Of course , since I got it for my grandchild and i have n't gotten it to them yet , i ca n't really say too much about the sturdiness yet . It looks great and the seat is easily removable to make the transition to the toilet top as your child grows . I have bought other potty chairs in the past and this one is more convenient , i think a better color for the eyes and a nice style as well . With the others the extra piece for boys was a little bothersome but this one is much better . I would definitely recommend this to everyone.thanks
 Summer Infant All-In-One Potty Seat & Step Stool is a great , sturdy , reasonably-priced product . We put a magazine page at the bottom of the removable pot . To clean , we just dump the content into the toilet and put the dirty paper in a bag for the trash . We just need to rinse the pot and put another piece of paper in it for the next use . We wipe clean the seat once in a while . We have n't let our daughter sit on the removable seat in the adult toilet yet , but it does fit . Our daughter sat on it -LRB- with me by her side to make sure she does n't fall -RRB- starting at 9 months once or twice a day at the same time . She got used to it very quickly and started to signal to use the potty with our help when she was around 1 year old .
 This is the perfect potty . I love that the seat can be removed for use on a regular toilet , it has a minimal footprint , and the leakgaurd works great for my boy without any issues at all.My son also likes to use it as a stool for brushing his teeth and such.It has a relatively small footprint , slightly larger than the scale I had in the bathroom .
 This potty is perfectly adequate for most kids , but since my 17 month daughter is quite small , it is a bit too big for her to use comfortably . However , it 's a decent potty that we 'll keep around as a backup as she gets bigger .
 This is a nice little potty , however I wish it was a little heavier ; it 's way too easy to push around .
 We bought this a little early for our son . He 's just now 10 months , but we noticed that he would often wake up from a nap dry . We figured since he 's sitting up on his own , that it would n't hurt to plunk him down on a potty when he wakes up or when we 're using the bathroom . Works great so far , but it 's not getting any heavy usage just yet !
 My toddler is 33.5 in and it takes him a little bit to scooch back enough so that he 's completely in , but he 's figuring it out . I think if it were a little narrower -LRB- or him a little taller -RRB- it would be easier . I think the splash guard may be a little too low for when he actually does it -LRB- we are still in the initial stages -RRB- -- but then again , he may not appreciate running into the guard whenever he tries to sit in it . So we 'll see .
 I like , my baby is starting to learn to use it , but for me is very easy to clean and really works like step stool and potty seat , I am glad with it
 I really like this potty chair . My 3 year old uses it and it works great for him . He fits on it and it is really easy to clean . I like the way it looks and does n't take up too much space . So far we are just using it as a potty chair but it is nice to know it has other functions as well for future use .
 It is looking like our potty.So my daughter is very happy once she sees her new potty.Hope she will use this . I will update later once she starts use this .
 My son loves to sit on this potty . I am so glad I went with simple here because the fancy ones I think would have scared him and I love that the seat detaches so that i can use it on the regular toilet .
 My daughter likes this potty . I choose the boy one for her just incase our second is a boy . It works well for her . She can touch her feet to the ground when she sits on it . Cleaning is easy . The bottom is a little flimsy but its light weight and compact .
 Very nice lamp - but it does take halogen light bulbs . These bulbs are pricey to replace -LRB- about $ 7 - $ 10 a piece with 6 bulbs per lamp -RRB- and do get very hot so you must be careful not to place anything that could get scorched or is flammable above it . Many colleges have banned halogen bulbs in dorm rooms due to this issue . Also , touching the bulb will reduce its lifespan significantly - keep the bulb in the little plastic bag until it 's installed to your liking.However , it 's a gorgeous lamp and a great addition to my bedroom .
 I highly recommend this lamp . It is truly a work of art and brings a touch to elegance to any room .
 Why is this middle-aged man buying a baby care product for himself?Some time ago , I developed a skin irritation from using a hypoallergenic underarm deodorant . I switched to an all natural product that worked for a year , until it too caused a skin irritation . An on-line hunt for a safe substitute lead me to several helpful hints . All concurred that a combination of baking soda and corn starch would be a safe replacement for underarm deodorant . Because I travel a lot , I need an efficient `` storage and delivery system '' for this concoction . More Googling brought me to this Avalon product and , while I found it pricey , it was the solution I was looking for . I have been using it for several weeks now and I am pleased that it is an effective and safe deodorant.Silky Cornstarch Baby Powder 2.50 Ounces
 4 stars and not 5 only because of price . we love this stuff . it smells good and the bottle lasts a long time . if only it were a little cheaper !
 I know it looks a bit pricey , especially compared to much less expensive talcom powders , but I was told not to use those by my doctor when my son was an infant because it could cause breathing problems . But sometimes one needs something , anything to keep a bottom dry . We bought this . It works well , smells nice , and most importantly was safe for him to breath in .
 Maybe I expected something different from this product . I do n't have any babies and of course I 'm not a baby . Go figure .
 If I had a baby I would not hesitate to use these on him or her . Fortunately , I do not at this time but I do look foward to having one or two . Anyway , this product is as pure as anything mass produced gets I believe . Flushable , Biodegradable , Lovable goodness . Buy it .
 This mobile was a shower gift from my Amazon.com baby registry . It has been over my daughter 's crib since the day she was born . I figured I 'd get about 9 months use from it , and I did ... and then some ! My daughter is now 14 months old and she is still so in love with her mobile . If I try to leave her in her crib without starting the music she cries until I come back and wind it up . Everyday when she wakes up , she stands up in her crib and hugs the mobile.If you are having a girl , and you like the colors , BUY THIS WHOLE SET !!! I did , and I could n't be happier ... and neither could my daughter .
 I really like this mobile , and I had to get it to match the rest of the bedding for my daughter . My daughter loves the mobile as well , but the problem is that when you wind it up it does n't play for long . The mobile plays for less than 5 min and then you have to wind it up again . It does n't play long enough for my 3 month old to fall asleep . Other than that it is very nice .
 This was a great Mobile I bought it 4 years ago . My daughter still has it and still listens to it every night . Her whole room is now done in butterflies b/c of this mobil . It 's super cute . I love this whole mobile and when she gets her big big big `` big girl '' bed I 'm sure I 'm gon na have to find a way to hook this up ! Good buy would recommend !
 I purchased the mobile along with the crib bedding . My daughter absolutely loves this mobile with the butterflys and the soft music it puts her to bed every night . The first time I put her in the crib and turned on the mobile her whole face lit up , it was so cute , I am very glad I purchased it and it also looks great with the rest of the gossimar wing collection .
 The mother-to-be absolutely loved the gossamer wings mobile and could n't wait to put it on the crib
 My husband and I decided to go with the Gossamer Wings theme for our nursery and wanted the entire set , but much to my chagrin , the mobile would n't fit our crib . So , upon doing a little research , I found that one mother suspended hers above the changing table . We did this and our daughter LOVES it ! In the morning , when she wakes up for her changing , all I have to do is lay her on the table and she immediately lights up and smiles . I refer to the butterflies and snail as her `` friends '' and she laughs . This also distracts her while I heat her bottle up in the warmer , seeing as though it takes about 6 minutes.Interestingly enough , we also bought the Tiny Love Music in Motion mobile that hangs on her crib ... and she liked it at first and now she ca n't stand it . She 'd rather lay on her changing table all day and stare at the wind-up Gossamer wings mobile .
 Let 's face it , if you bought the Gossamer Wings crib set , you will have to by the mobile , too . This one is very cute , and my daughter loves watching her mobile and listening to the music . This product is a nice finishing touch to your Gossamer Wings Crib/Nursery .
 This mobile and bedding set are very pretty together ! The mobile was very easy to put together . Would definitely recommend the entire set .
 It 's the best ! It 's girly , and everything you would look for , with the perfect girly look . I wouldnt have chosen anything different for my baby girl !
 I bought these to go with the Gossamer Wings set . They could be put in many other rooms I 'm sure because of the varitey of colors . I think they make a great addition to the room and for 5 of them , the price is right for the quality of the wall hanging ! I have these in three different place of my baby 's room . They are very pretty and would make a great addition to any room !
 I really love these wall hangings . I 've been looking for a feminine touch to my unisex , green nursery . These are great and the colors are beautiful . Also a very good price compared to many wall hangings I have considered . I would highly recommend them to anyone who loves butterflies .
 I love these wall hangings , the possibilities are endless and can easily be changed for a different look . They are also very light , so you do n't have to put 5 big nails in the wall to keep them up . We hung ours with corsage pins and it worked great !
 I really like these wall hangings . I was just dissapointed they were pretty wrinkled and the ribbons are so thin . But they do look great in my baby girls room !
 I love these in our daughter 's room - we do n't have the Gossamer wings set , just lots of pink gingham . But these are so cute , really dress up the nursery .
 This is part of the Gossamer Wings ... I bought all the items for my granddaughter bedroom and it looks very nice .
 I love this 5 pc . wall hanging . The squares are bigger than I had thought they would be and the colors are vibrant . It 's a great added addition to the gossamer themed rm . I have done for my daughter . They look great on any size wall because you can get creative and hang them however you want .
 this is a beautiful ornament for my girl 's room along with the gossamer wings crib set .
 Love the wall hangings ! The jacquard pattern coordinated well with our other bedding collection even though it did n't have the same name . Looks great in our nursery .
 My son is 14 weeks and has been playing on this mat since he was about 4 weeks old . Now he can bat at the toys and he kicks the arches which makes the music and lights go on . He gets so excited when he sees the lights and hears the music . I hestitated about registering for this mat , but I 'm so glad we got it . It 's his favorite toy !
 This mat helps me have at least 10 minutes a day - hands free ! We got it when my daughter was 2 mos old and now at a little over 3 mos , she still loves it . She likes the sounds , and I 'm enjoying watching her grow as she learns how to grasp the toys hanging from it.The motion sensor is a little strange sometimes , though - sometimes she 'll swat at the hanging bird and it visibly rocks the bars , and the music and lights wo n't activate , while my dog 's tail lightly hits the bars and it 's off to the races ...
 I love this product . My daughter loves watching the star , and I appreciate that everything is detachable . I will remove the little birds from the play gym and attach them to the handle of her carseat . Keeps her entertained while in the car . It is also fun to remove the star and help her learn to track sound . You can then move the star farther back and help her learn to focus her vision .
 Our daughter Reagan , has the most fun on this activity gym . She is 71/2 weeks old and just smiles and coos at the star when it 's flashing the lights and playing the music . We have the star playing all the time . No matter how much she kicks and wiggles , she ca n't make the sides move enough to set the `` motion '' setting off . We tried the little green pillow to keep her lifted up and it did n't work so we use our boppy and it works great . She 's stays entertained for at least a 1/2 hour . I know that does n't seem long , but for her it 's a very long time .
 My daughter has loved this gym since birth . She loves the star and now that shes older she can reach up and grab the toys . She loves it
 My little girl has enjoyed every second of her time with the Baby Einstein play gym . Every BE product I 've had has been worth the money !
 My 4 month old absolutely loves this play gym . She has been under it for about 2 months now and has a great time . It is her favorite activity . She also enjoys tummy time on the mat , where she loves to look at the large pictures . The only problem is that we use it so much that we go through batteries like there 's no tomorrow .
 I received this gym as a shower gift and I am so thankful that we have it . We began putting my daughter under it when she was only a few weeks old and she enjoyed looking at all the dangling objects and the lights . Now she 's 41/2 months old and this is by far her favorite toy . The only thing that I would change about it is to have a way to turn off the sound -LRB- but still have the lights work -RRB- -- it 's pretty loud and gets a little annoying . Most of the time I do n't turn it on and she enjoys it anyways . Regardless , I still give this an easy 5 stars . It 's a little pricey but worth every penny .
 I received this playmat for my baby shower . My son has enjoyed this mat since he was two months old , while just staring at the light-up , music playing star . He is now 7 months and still loves playing on the playmat . I never had a problem with the star and while the mat might be smaller than others ; I 'd have to say , I had a 10 pound baby and has since grown to 20.5 lbs . and he has been doing fine with the size of the mat . I love the colors of this playmat and truly that was one of the first things that attracted me to this particular one , not to mention , he loves these dvds , and the characters are on the mat . Overall , I really do not think you can go very wrong with this playmat .
 My daughter loved this gym from about 6 weeks until 4 months . The toys are bright and colourful and the mat and toys all wash well . My only complaint is that the ladybug rattle is quite difficult to use for a small baby and that there are not enough rings included to make the toys low enough for a small baby . Overall a great way to give your baby some activity .
 This toy is great for babies ... what is really nice about it is that you can constantly modify it for continuous entertainment of baby . Everything is removable and you can even add your own toys to it . It is well worth the $ 50some dollas .
 My son loves his play gym . At first he was only facinated with the lights on the star , but has moved past that stage and will spend anywhere from 20 minutes to 1 hour batting at , tugging , and `` talking '' to his `` friends '' as I call them . This is a wonderful product . It 's easy to pack up and go and best of all , the toys can be interchanged with other link toys . Right now , he is really into crinkle books . I have one attached to the links and he giggles for the longest time trying to get it into his mouth . I also like the prop-up pillow . Once he is tired of laying on his back , I switch him to his stomach and take the bird and his book off and set it in front of him . He plays with them as though he had just set eyes on them for the first time . I leave the rings on b/c it 's easier for him to grab the toy and bring it to his mouth . All in all , this toy has been a life saver . It is well worth the money .
 We bought this for my son when he was about 2 months old . He would just lay in it and would be entertained for a long time , which bought me time to do housework around him , etc. . You can take the hanging pieces down and hang up other objects so that there 's always variety . I 'd say he lost interest in it though at about 7 months when he learned to crawl . I bought mine used on ebay and it was worth the $ 35 I spent . I would n't spend much more than that .
 I ca n't say enough about this play gym . The star keeps my little guy completely glued to this toy . He loves the circular rattle , mirror and book as well . I bought it when he was about 2 months old and he has loved it ever since . It literally keeps him entertained for up to 30 minutes at 5 months old . Price wise I think it is comprable to other gyms . I would recommend this one over and over again . Ca n't beat it , its an absolute hit with my little one .
 I first bought this when my daughter was 21/2 months old and was trying to find something that would help distract her from her nightly bouts with colic . She was absolutely enthralled by the star that lights up in time with the music , and even today , 8 months later , I use it to keep her occupied while I trim her fingernails . While she is now more likely to yank on it or try to switch it on or off , it still produces a smile . The other toys are fine , though she has n't figured out how to make the birds squeak -LRB- I do that for her -RRB- . The mat itself is kind of plain -- I bought the Gymini as well -LRB- one for upstairs , one for downstairs -RRB- to encourage more tummy time since their mat has things to pull on and squeak and there are flowers that light up in time with the music , but I 'd have to say this one was and still is her favorite . Overall I 'd highly recommend this to any new parents .
 OUR 2-MONTH OLD DAUGHTER ABSOLUTELY GETS A KICK OUT OF THE STAR . SHE LAUGHS , `` SINGS '' , AND GETS UPSET WHEN THE MUSIC ENDS . THE LIGHTS KEEP HER ABSOLUTELY FASCINATED . WE ALSO HAVE THE GYMINI MAT AND WE MIX AND MATCH TOYS FROM THE GYMINI AND THE EINSTEIN . SHE LIKES THE TOYS BETTER FROM THE GYMINI , BUT NOTHING BEATS THAT STAR !
 My daughter absolutely loves this gym . She smiles and laughs the star that is fixed at the top of the gym , which lights up and plays music . My only complaint is that it is a little on the small side . My daughter is only two months old and I feel like she will outgrow it fairly soon . But , all in all , the positives definitely outweigh this negative . The classical music is stimulating to the baby , but not annoying , and it collapses easily for storage and travel .
 Our son loves this play mat , and plays with it almost every day . The toys that it comes with are fine , though I was glad I had extra rings to dangle them down further as they really were up to high . the picture of a rabbit is kind of a dumb `` toy '' he does n't show any interest in it at all . The musical blinking star is fun and once he learned that he could start it by pulling a toy hard enough , he played it all the time . One note , because the supports do n't cross the way some others do , he has been able to hook his legs around a support and fold himself up inside the mat - it did n't hurt or even scare him , but it would be a risk if he 'd been unsupervised . Once he started sitting up , he still likes laying down and playing in it , as well as sitting on the mat and playing with the toys . We never used the prop pillow .
 My twins did not get interested in this mat until 4 months . Now they ca n't get enough of it . They love to bat the animals around . My son gets them all going at the same time . My daughter likes to watch them swing and grab the birds leg and not let go . She is very proud of herself with this accomplishment . They both squeal in delight . They both love the lighted star also . Sometimes we take the animals off and let them play with them while sitting in their bouncers . This play mat is worth the investment !
 My son has had this since we brought him home from the hospital . We put it in the closet for a couple of months , because he had gotten so big . I brought it out again and he now sits up and pulls and shakes everything . He pulls the bars on the sides to make the music play . No doubt this toy is very durable .
 This product has revolutionized my daughter 's `` tummy time '' . There is so much for her to do and she actually is enjoying the time on her belly now . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 I have a 4 month old son and i had received the the tiny love playmat as a baby shower gift ... he wasnt really interested in it so i had to try this and im glad i did ... at first i thought i was crazy in purchasing it only because i already had a playmat but like i said im glad i did ... since i have all the toys from baby einstein and he LOVES them , i went to buy it and i defintly made the right decision . . this baby einstein one is terrific !!!! he loves the lights and the bold colors and he loves the music it plays ... he has the whole baby einstein collection ... from the dvd 's to the playmat ... i highly recommend the baby einstein line for new moms who especially arent sure what will develop your little ones minds ... and they have fun too : -RRB-
 My 5 month old daughter loves this play gym and has been using it since she was only 1 month old . I rotate the toys so she does not get sensory overload and so she continues to discover and develop.My complaint is with the `` photo frame '' that comes with the mat . Description states that it is a `` Frame that holds 4x6 photos '' . Excellent ! I had planned to put different photos into it . I looked at the mat in the store and sure enough , one sided is open slotted for easy access to the photos.Well , there is a picture of a rabbit in the frame that is GLUED in ! I thought mine was defective but Baby Einstein cust . svc . told me this is intentional and to contact Kids II to try and get an empty frame . I 've called Kids II 3 times and only get a Voice Mail to leave messages . Horible Customer Svc . on both parts .
 I bought the tiny love gym instead of this one because this one was a bit pricey . My son is 5 mos now and I decided to buy this one because of the music feature & how much he loves the videos . It is absolutely wonderful ! The music is classical and at a nice low volume which is important for me because I bring my son to work with me . The toys with loud circus music were driving my co-workers and I crazy . My son playes with it for over a half hour , and loves all of the hanging animals and mirror . I put the music on motion activated and he has a ball watching the lights and listening to the music . I highly recommend that you spend the extra money and get this activity gym . It is WELL WORTH IT !!
 My now 8-week old loves to look at the star 's flashing lights and she kicks her legs , smiling and and cooing like crazy while she watches it . The downside is that there are only three melodies that the star plays -LRB- but they 're definitely tolerable and not too loud -RRB- , and when it is set on the continuous setting , it still stops after 21/2 cycles of the music . That means that if baby is still interested , you have to keep resetting it manually every time it stops.She 's not really interested in the other toys yet , but the mat itself provides a great place to practice tummy time . I do agree that the mat is n't very large - her feet already hang past the edge when I lay her with her head under the star so I 'm sure she 'll outgrow this quickly . However , for now , this is one of her favorite toys and a safe place to let her play while I do chores in the room.PS - The rabbit `` picture '' that a lot of reviewers commented was a waste is actually meant to be taken out and replaced with your own photo . A great idea in my opinion , as babies love to look at pictures of faces and loved ones .
 My daughter loved this playmat from the time she was 2 months old . She is now 5 months and continues to love it . I could not have lived without it . She loves the lights and music at the top . It also detaches and we can put it around the crib , carseat , stroller ... you name it . The mat is easy to clean when it is spit-up on . I do not think it is itchy like the other reviews . However , when my daughter was smaller I did put a recieving blanket on it . It is also wide so her cousin can lay there with her . It was definetly worth the money as we use it EVERDAY !!!!
 My daughter has loved this gym since she was 2 months old . She is 6 months now . She loves to grab the animals though , and it does n't include enough links for her to reach for all the toys and chew on them . I suggest getting some extra links for it . It is a great toy though .
 My girls really like this gym . It is easy to attach toys to the bars -LRB- including Fisher price Link a Doos -RRB- . One complaint I have is that the songs that the cute little motion-activated star plays are n't always the best . Some of them are frantic sounding . It would be nice if all the songs were more playful . Also , the tummy time pillow is too firm to be of much use . My girls just rolled it right out from under them . It looked really uncomfortable . Otherwise , this is a really great gym with bright colors and neat toys . I like the photo pocket -LRB- I put a family photo in it -RRB- and the little mirror -- the girls like to `` talk '' to the baby in the mirror .
 I have a hard to entertain baby and this toy is great . In the beginning the musical star startled him and we left it off . He loved the mirror the best . Now , at 4 months , the star is his all time favorite . We have added pictures of smiling babies and cute animals to the picture holder and I change the picture everyday . It helps to rearrange everything often . He loves the teather ring . We 've also added some chimes -LRB- from another gym -RRB- that he thinks are great . I do n't know how long he 'll be entertained by this now that he is crawling around some , but so far it 's his favorite toy and allows me a good 20 minutes of free time - which for him is amazing !
 my baby is 3 months old and he absolutely LOVES this . He is sooo content for a couple of hours ! Of all the toys we have tried with him this is by far his favorite ! I would definitely recommend this !
 I love this gym . My husband was n't sure that it could be worth the money but boy was he wrong . We used this from 2 months till 6 months . In the world of baby toys that is a life time . We loved that we could change the toys and keep it interesting and it was very easy to wash . Our little one has reflux so it made many trips to the washer and has stood the test of time . Keegan is now 8 months and has outgrown it but it is staying in storage for our next baby . This is definitely worth the money .
 I ca n't tell you how much my 3 month old son loves this ! At first it was a little hard for him to make the music play because it has to be positioned where it moves if he bats at an object . My husband solved the problem by positioning him so that his legs hang off the corner - beside one of the `` legs '' of the gym . He kicks like CRAZY and everytime he kicks now , the music plays . He 's also learned that if he pushes on the leg , the gym folds down , and when he lets go , the toys swing around.We 've added a bunch of new toys - and he just ca n't get enough of it !
 Our daughter loves this playmat ! She likes the different animals and enjoys `` talking '' to the baby in the mirror . The toys easily remove , so you can also attach them to a carseat or crib . She seems to also enjoy the musical star , but I find it to be a bit annoying . I wish that it played a few more songs . I have also noticed that the colors on the mat have faded a bit in the wash even though we use a mild detergent and have a front-loading machine . I do n't mind too much since our daughter has so much fun , and that 's what really matters !
 This has been my son 's favorite toy since he was 2 weeks old . He loves to lay on his back and watch the musical star . He smiles and babbles to the star as the music and lights play . He kicks the toys hanging down , loves looking in the mirror and has just started batting his hands at the other toys . At 2 months old now , he 'll play for 20 minutes by himself having a wonderful time . I highly recommend it !
 lights , music , and toys , ever babys dream ;-RRB- i give this a 5 star rating because it even entertains my 2 month old . . she will lay on it for hours and stay entertained kicking and grabing at the toys , and watching the star with the bright flashing light which go along with the music ...
 This is a great gym . Baby loves the music and dangling toys . Great for development as well . This toy actually helped my daughter progress quickly through developmental stages . Love it !
 My son is now 15 weeks old . I first put the gym out for him when he was about 3 weeks old . At that time , he seemed a little intimidated by it , but as the weeks went along and the more time he was on the mat , he grew to love it . He is absolutely in love with the star and duck . He stares at the star and will laugh and talk to it . He loves batting at the duck and bird , which I have attached to three of the links so he can reach them , and grabbing their feet . He will lay on the mat for an hour . I usually put on one of his Einstein while he is on the mat too so he has many things to look at and hear . One note , make sure that you have extra AAA batteries on hand for when the star runs out of juice . Our little guys star quit last week and it took me three or four days to get to the store to get more . Needless to say he was n't too happy for those days , but boy was he excited when his star was singing to him again . This product is worth the money .
 My 4 month old daughter loves playing on this mat . she looks at the animals and all of the extra toys on it . She can play for a long time for both back and tummy time !
 My daughter is almost 5 months and has been playing in this gym for a few months now . She loves it ! The mirror mesmerizes her and she loves pulling at the toys.My only complaint - the music has to be restarted too often !
 I know every baby is different , but this was a big win for us . I also purchased additional rings -LRB- linkadoos -RRB- to make the toys more reachable during the early months and add more variety with additional toys . The baby seems to like them ` clustered ' . We use the detachable music-lights star in other places of the house as well , the classical music is n't annoying like a lot of musical toys . The star was one of the first things the baby was interested in during the early weeks . The motion mode works well and batteries hold out well , have only changed them once . The baby started tolerating being in the gym at about two months and from 3 months to now -LRB- 4.5 months -RRB- she likes it more and more . The ring rattle that comes with the gym is the baby 's favorite rattle , which I would have never expected . I considered the absence of textures which are available on other mats , but we are using texture books and toys . I read that in the early months babies respond better to primary colors as opposed to pastels , and this gym is full of great colors . Not sure about the other gyms out there , but our life would be harder without this one . My originally skeptical husband literally tells me every day what a great idea I had to buy the thing .
 We got this play gym when our daugther was born from her grandparents and the moment she laid in it she fell in love . The star plays classical musics and lights up . You can put it on motion option which allows the musics and light to play when it detects movements . The play gym helped our daughter learn to kick at an early age and at 2 months old she could follow the Peditrican 's flashlight at her check ups . The are 3 hanging toys which you can adjust length with link-a-doos . There is also and mirror and a boppy pillow that babies love to use . Our baby loves falling asleep under the gym during the day . Worth the money and a great baby shower gift . My baby is almost 7 months old and she still loves playing on it . She can sit up and roll so there are more things she can do with it .
 My mother bought this for our son when he was 3-4 weeks old . We were dealing with incessant crying and I laid him down underneath the star and all crying stopped . Now that he 's 10 weeks , we ` ved moved the star around with us and use the mat for `` tummy time '' . Now that his vision is developing , he can see the little birds and ladybug and really loves it . The music is also in the Baby Einstein Beethoven CD , and he 's already recognizing melodies .
 I searched the internet for a nice little play gym for my 4 month old son . I saw this one and could n't believe the price ! I went to Target and realized that this was worth the price . I bought it , brought it home , set it up in less than 5 minutes and let my son have fun !! He loves it , it keeps him entertained for as long as I need ! His older sister who is 2 also has a great time with it as well . The music -LRB- all classical -RRB- is not loud and annoying and all the little attachments are so amusing to him . I would recommend this little play gym for any baby ... it is worth the price .
 This is by far my baby 's favorite activity ! She quickly learned to make the song play by kicking it - now she just kick , kick , kicks ! The little animals that hang down were instrumental in helping her to learn to roll over at three months . Now she is four months old and it is still her favorite toy .
 My twins -LRB- 1 boy 1 girl -RRB- both love it ! I lay it on the floor when Im making dinner and they lie there and just play !! or when Im cleaning its great or just for them to have a little fun ! buy it trust me its worth every penny
 My wife and I got this for our niece . She was n't interested in it at first but she started to play with it more lately . I think it depends on the child whether this is good or not .
 My daughter loved this activity mat from the time when she just smiled up at the lighted musical star when she was 6 weeks until she could grab and pull each bird and teether when she was 5 months old . Only now , when she is 6 months old , has she really outgrown it -LRB- and that 's because she is crawling and can get stuck on the padded bars -RRB- . She still loves the attachments -LRB- esp . the blue teething ring -RRB- and I feel that overall this play mat was worth every penny !
 My son LOVED this gym from 4 weeks until 5 months . It has a number of colorful objects for him to look at , and the star 's lights had him mesmorized . We hung objects down from the cloth hooks so that when he grabbed them , the song and lights would go off . This was one of our best toys for months ! It also packs down VERY easy for traveling and storing . If you are looking for a play gym , this one is great .
 This mat was the best toy we got . My son loved it for at least 4 months . He played with it every single day . As a teacher , I love that it teaches cause and effect . When you hit one of the arches , the star lights up and play music . It is wonderful . I have recommended it to all my friends .
 Our 4 month old loved this mat when he was born . The lights and music were a bit much early on , but after about a month , he began to enjoy them . He has recently grown bored with it , but we hope to take it out again in a few weeks .
 My two month old daughter loves this gym ! She will watch the musical star for 20 minutes at a stretch - amazing ! This is one of the best purchases we have made .
 My baby is now 7 months old , but had to write a review on the things i loved her first 6 months . as a new mom I did a lot of reading reviews while pregnant , and they helped me narrow down my choices.I loved the play gym , i would put her under it on her back from about 3 weeks , she LOVES the star -LRB- music and lights -RRB- and still if `` iffy '' I will put it on and she relaxes straight away , you can add hanging toys , and move them around when she starts sitting , it was a designated spot for her , which washes well in machine . I liked it a lot . I also loved
 I put my baby boy in the Baby Einstein Gym when he was 3 weeks old . He was immediately attracted to the patterns on the bars . About a week later he started noticing the lights above his head . Now at 8 weeks , he smiles and coos at the star . The motion feature is great for teaching cause and effect relationships - every time the lights and the music stop , he swats at the nearest toy -LRB- I hung them a bit lower -RRB- to get them started again . Then the smiling and the cooing start again ! I personally think that this gym is a must-have
 This playmat is by far the best ! The hanging animals are colorful , pleasant and easy to wipe clean with a damp cloth . The music is the best , you can actually listen to it without getting annoyed . The mat washes wonderfully and the little pillow really helps for first time `` tummy timers '' . Our daughter loves the duck ! I highly recommend this item !
 My son absolutely LOVES it . It has a `` motion '' mode where HE can turn the music and lights on . I was amazed at how quickly he learned this cause and effect relationship . He smiles , laughs and talks while he 's playing - it 's also great exercise for him . Hours of fun . Highly recommend it !
 I love the colors on this gym and decided to buy it for mysoon-to-come baby . I 'm not sure how she 'll like it , but I 'm surehoping that she will . Just wanted to add a note saying Babies R Ussells this for $ 59.99 versus Target which sells it for $ 49.99 ... not sure why anyone would buy it at BRU !
 This play mat is WONDERFUL !!! Our two month old son is soo attracted to it !! He will stay under it for an hour at a time and it allows my husband and I to actually eat our dinner ! We HIGHLY recommend it !
 My baby boy has never been into toys that dangle and rattle , so it has been tricky finding him things that would keep him interested to encourage exploration and learning . So when I got the Baby Einstein Play Gym from a friend , I was skeptical . But my baby boy loved it the first time I laid him on it . He especially liked the little star that displays lights as it plays music . I think that 's the biggest thing that kept him really focused on this toy for a while . As for the duck , the bird , the other stuff hanging on this play mat , he did use them as punching bags which is pretty cute . Now that my boy lays on his tummy more and more , he 's beginning to explore the images on the mat with gusto . I like this product and highly recommend it !
 My 3 month old was bored with his current play gym . While at a friends house he fell in love with the activity star that this gym included . I went home and ordered it right away . We now carry the star wherever we go . I give it 4 instead of 5 because the other stuff is just as good as his old gym .
 Baby Einstein rocks ! This activity mat was the best baby gift I received . From a few weeks old through about 6 months old , this was my baby 's favorite toy . In the beginning she 's stare lovingly at the ladybug . Then she discovered the star and she fell in love ! Once she discovered how to kick the mat to make the star play music , she was in heaven . As soon as the music stopped , she would kick the mat again . She would do this over and over again . For months , the only way I could escape to take a shower was to put her on this mat . When she got older , she loved playing with all of the hanging toys . I got this as a gift , but if I had bought it , it would have been well worth the money ! I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this for my son when he was a few weeks old . It 's great . Initially , I used it for napping and ` wiggle time ' until he was about two months old . Then , he discovered the Star and it played music . He just loved this . I taught him to kick one of the arms and it would play for him.Around the time he was 3 months old , I took it on our trip to visit relatives . It folds up easily in a large suitcase , but beware , the rods can -LRB- and did to me -RRB- move themselves out and hit you in the stomach . When we got to my in-laws house , my son was n't quite sure about things when he woke up his first morning there . However , when I took him in the other room and laid him underneath his Star , he felt better knowing that this was familiar to him and everything would be okay.Now , at 4 months , I am using the play gym for tummy time . It comes with a tummy pillow which is a big help , since he does n't like tummy time very much.My only complaint is that my son did not find any of the hanging toys of much interest . I thought that there was something wrong with him when he had not batted at the hanging toys . Soon learned that he just did n't like them and hated being on is back.I feel that I have gotten my money 's worth for this item .
 I got his mat right after it first came out for my 8 week old son . He had never smiled and giggled so much before that . He loved the little birds and the star that lit up . Baby Einstein has once again outdone themselves !!
 I started putting my daughter in this gym when she was 2 days old . She is now 2 months old and I still put her in it at least once a day . Over the weeks she has really come to love watching the blinking lights and playing with the birds . She smiles and giggles now while she is playing . It will keep her occupied for 20 minutes at a time . I highly recommend this product .
 We received a couple of play mats at our shower but agree this is the best one . Our daughter loves this play mat and babbles constantly at the star . We like that it has toys clipped down low so that when she began rolling , there was something new for her to play with .
 Our little girl loves this play gym so much . She spends at least an hour at a time under it . She started to use it right away and now at three months old never gets tired of it . She absolutely loves the faces on the star and the other animals hanging in the gym . We even hung more animals on the gym for her to enjoy . She gets very excited when she gets the music on the star to start over when we have it on the motion setting . She loves to hit all of the animals and ring and get them moving all together . It is great for her to practice her grasping skills too !
 We received this and a gymini as shower gifts for our newborn . After much deliberation , we returned the gymini and kept this one and were never disappointed . It had a relatively short life in our household because our baby started rolling over at just 3 months , so he rapidly was able to get off the mat and into other things . But , for the time he used it , he loved it . He particularly loved staring at the blinking lights and listening to the music on top . Some of the toys -LRB- like the picture -RRB- never got much use , but he loved to play with the birds . Extra rings really come in handy to add other toys to the gym , and to make the ones that come with the gym hang low enough for baby to reach .
 I love this activity center and my son does too . He plays on this mat as much as he wants to . The toys can be rotated and moved around on the various links , the musical star captivates him , the picture frame can be changed out with family photos or flash cards , and he loves to read the book during tummy time . I have never really bothered with the green pillow , but nevertheless this is one of my favorite purchases I have made for my baby .
 I do n't know what it is about the star but my son LOVED it as well . He would just stare at it and smile , and this was without the music and lights on . This mat was a lifesaver and we could n't have been happier with it . All in all , I would pay a million dollars for it if I had to do it agian , just to see those first smiles from my son looking at his star !
 This was one of the best investments we made for our son . He has loved it for several months now . It will keep him entertained for an hour at times . He squeals with joy when he sees the star and hears the music . I highly recommend this product .
 We got this playmat for our 2-month old son . He loved it from the beginning but really started to play with the toys at 3 months . He would smile and laugh whenever he saw the wonderful musical star , which we took with us at the photographer 's -LRB- and it worked ! -RRB- ... He enjoyed it and played in it until he was 5 months.Get this playmat and watch your precious baby discover and look at it . You 'll be happy you did .
 I bought this toy used off ebay and my then 2-month old son immediately fell in love with it , especially the musical blinking star . And of course , -LRB- just because I bought it used -RRB- after about 3 weeks , the speaker in the star starting to go out , it only played half of the first song before going all scratchy and then it would stop playing altogether . I contacted the company via email , asking them if I could only replace the musical star . I was expecting to be ignored , given the run around , or at least be charged for the part , especially since I was honest and told the representative that I bought it off ebay . However , I received a prompt reply asking for my shipping info and a code off the tag on the play gym and 8 days after first contact with the company I received my new musical star . I was very impressed that they were willing to stand behind their product , even a second-hand purchase . My little guy is going to be thrilled when he wakes up from his nap ! : -RRB-
 Our 31/2 month old grandson appears to enjoy his play gym very much . It keeps him occupied longer than anything else .
 My daughter absolutely loved the activity gym ! It was such a great little investment . I purchased the activity gym when she was about 4 months old and just recently we 've decided to put it in storage . -LRB- Our little girl is almost 14 months old now and quite the busy person . -RRB- Now she likes to make a blanket `` fort '' out of the activity gym and crawls through it ! But she still enjoys looking at the brightly colored animals and indentifies them by making animal sounds.From just about 3-4 months of age , up until she was crawling around , we really got a LOT of use out of the Discover & Play Activity Gym . Our daughter especially enjoyed reaching for the brightly colored toys and gazing at the musical/light-up star . I highly recommend it !
 Being a 1st time mom , I had no idea that my son would `` need '' one of these until I received it as a gift . He actually did n't like it much at 4-6 weeks , but by 7 weeks he loved it . Now at 9 weeks he squeels with delight and kicks & swats at the toys for about 15 minutes 2-3 times a day . I love to set it to motion to let him control the activity star , which is definately the main attraction on this toy.The only drawback for me is that the volume level is not adjustable & the lights do not work unless the music is playing too .
 Baby Einstein has done it again ! They have created an engaging learning toy that both babies and parents love.The best part of it is -LRB- they call it -RRB- the activity star . It 's what many of those cute babies in the customer images are smiling up at . The activity star has different settings for playing music
 My daughter loves this activity center . We 've been using it since she was a newborn & it really keeps her entertained . It 's definitely well worth the money ! We also bought a pack of extra links so the toys could dangle down a bit more so she was able to reach them . The musical star on the top also has 3 different settings so you can better control the music . It 's a GREAT product , we highly recommend it !
 We received this as a baby shower gift . We started putting my daughter in it when she was 2 months old . She was fascinated with the colors , sounds , and pictures . Now , at 3 months old , she has started to grab at the hanging toys and she laughs and `` talks '' to the musical star . She has also figured out how to move it when the music is set to motion . I love that I can see her developing and she has a toy that can keep her happily occupied . What more can you ask for ?
 my son loves this play gym , he 's been playing in it since he was 1 month . as he gets older he plays longer . he loves the music star that lights up . when i set the music to motion sensored , he figures out how to keep the music going . when he spends tummy time on the mat , he 's fascinated with all the colors . he also likes looking at the animal 's eyes on the mat . tne play gym comes with extra rings so that you can lower the toys to the baby 's level . they have a lot more fun when they can actually touch the toys . one thing i found out is when you put the soft bars up , the picture does n't show them crossed , the gym is more secure with the soft bars crossed . with the bars the way the picture shows , my son actually rolled the whole mat over on himself . with that problem solved , this gym is overall A + .
 We enjoy all of the Baby Einstein products . This playmat has many toys . I even added extra links to make them easier for my daughter to see and reach . It is so colorful , too . It really seems to capture her attention . Our 2 year old loves to hear the music while her sister is playing on the mat . I think having this mat early on will help our baby make connections when she watches the Baby Einstein videos .
 My 31/2 month old LOVES LOVES LOVES this playmat . He 's been rolling over since 11 weeks and I swear it 's because of this mat and all there is to look at . He loves the star and the red bird the most . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for something to keep your baby happy and occupied !
 Excellent product . Keeps baby amused from newborn to six months when there is not much for the baby to do . It fascinates the baby but it does not overstimulate .
 Of all the toys that we have for our daughter , this one ranks in the top 3 ! -LRB- The other 2 being her evenflo ultrasaucer and her graco swing . -RRB- She is now 5 months old , and has definitely played with this more than anything else . The musical star keeps her occupied for up to 30 minutes at a time ! She loves the animals that squeak and the mirror . It promotes reaching and grasping , and now our daughter is starting to use it to practice rolling over . It 's one of the few places where she is willing to do `` tummy time '' because there are so many visually stimulating things to look at . We liked it so much , we had Grammy buy one for her house , too ! I highly recommend this !
 My son loves this ! We started using it when he was a couple of weeks old and he was really interested in it . Now he 's 4 months , and squeals and wiggles every time he uses it . He loves the music and lights , and for whatever reason , the little dangling toys too . It is washable , we 've washed a couple of times on the gentle cycle and air dried it . It came out just fine . -LRB- Now we put a little washable pad under him to prevent spitting up on the mat . -RRB- It 's easy to fold up the mat and store behind a chair or sofa in family room for easy access . Negative points ... the music turns off too fast , and the motion detector is very weak . We have to reset the music for him frequently .
 It is so easy to put together and it keeps my daughter busy long enough for me to get things done around the house . The toys are easily switched out and you can add more.The pillow was nice to have at first but she does not use it now . I dont mind that it is a little on the small side because I am cramped for space .
 This is the first toy my baby played with . She started to like it at 6 months . The star mesmerized her and then she starting hitting and kicking toys by accident . Soon she was hitting and kicking them on purpose to activate the star . She laughs and smiles when she plays with it . It 's lots of fun ! I highly recommend it . I can see her growing into this too . We can raise or lower the toys depending on how active she is .
 I got this playmat as a gift when my son was first born . We set him in to play when he was around 2 months old , and he hated it . He was completly uninterested . However , I was not ready to give up so eaisly . I kept putting him on the mat each day for a little bit longer each time and before I knew it he loved it . He is now 41/2 months old and he will play with it for almost a half hour at a time . He loves that the birds squak and the rattle . He reaches for them all the time . I think this playmat is great even thought it is a bit expensive . Well worth the money .
 Our granddaughter , now 20 mos. , love this as an infant !! I just purchased this as a gift based on how much she enjoyed it . She particularly loved the musical star that blinked . As she grew her interest progressed from passively watching the star blink and listening to the music to reaching and grabbing the objects attached . The mat had lots of visual stimuli to look at . Later items could be detached and enjoyed in the crib/carseat/wherever . She still likes the musical star .
 I 'm sure this is a fine product . Unfortunately , our little one did n't really have any interest in it . She really liked the star though . She would giggle at it & smile , but would get tired of it after a few minutes . I guess its just a matter of taste . I would recommend this to others though . Just because my baby did n't have much interest in it , does n't mean other babies wo n't .
 We bought this for our 2 month old daughter because she hates her swing and only enjoys her bouncy seat in small doses . From the first moment we laid her down to play in this gym , she loved it ! This gym is a guarantee to get lots of smiles and coos out of her . She just stares at the two birds and really loves the music and lights on the star . As soon as the music starts she kicks her legs and moves her arms all around - like dancing ! She is now 11 weeks old and last week she actually reached out her hand to touch one of the birds as she was staring at it - I freaked out - so happy ! I can see how she will love grabbing for the toys as she gets older and develops more motor skills . This is a great gym - I highly recommend it .
 I started to use this when my son was a week old . He LOVES it ... now that he 's 31/2 months old , he really laughs out loud when the music starts .
 My 11 week-old son loves this and has been enjoying it for the past month . I was surprised he liked it so much -- I thought he 'd be too young . He loves the star that lights up -LRB- we set it to the motion mode so it lights up and plays music when he hits or kicks one of the toys hanging down -RRB- . I did clip on some longer toys so that he can activate it easily .
 its simple but cool , your baby can develop motor skills , the only thing is a little bite small -LRB- mat -RRB- , overall its a good gym . we love the classic music .
 We received this as a gift for our twins . It was a HIT from the start . The lights seem to catch thier attention and put smiles on their faces . I can actually have 10 minutes to catch up on bottles and laundry when they are on the mat . It also helps with tummy time , which they do not like at all . I put them on their backs to watch the lights , then flip them over on thier tummies until they get upset . The little green pillow really helped my son , who would not do `` baby push-ups '' , but then started to . We 're VERY pleased with the item . The kids really love to hand on to the rings too ... of all things : -RRB- Highly recommended !
 We were given this as a gift before our daughter was born . When we 'd give her tummy time we would lay her on this and she loved the bright colors . She is now 7 months old and she still plays with it . She loves to grab the toys and watch the star . Its super easy to clean and unlike most gyms I have seen the bars are soft so we do n't have to worry about her hurting her self . It does have a high price but for a toy that she still will play with , I would have bought it .
 My son has enjoyed this since he was one month old . He 's spent hours listening to the music and grabbing at the birds . You can switch out the toys with others to keep it entertaining . Now that he 's five months old , he sometimes rolls off it , but it still entertains him .
 The Star that attaches to the gym is worth all of the $ 50 itself . My daughter loved the star so much and used it all the time . She also likes the squeaky duck , which we now took off and is one of her toys . The only thing I wish it had was extra tummy time stuff on the mat itself for her to get interested in .
 My baby likes the Baby Einstein Play Gym . Like the other reviewers I have noticed that she loves the twinkling musical star at the top . When my daughter is in play mode , she really gets into looking at all of the different pieces , the rabbit picture , the mirror , the birds and she is just riveted by that star . Honestly , I do n't think this gym is better than any of the others out on the market because we also have the Fisher Price Barn Yard play gym and she likes it just as well . I would say the advantage to this one is that it folds down to a more compact size and there are no bulky plastic stand pieces in the structure of it like there are in the FP Barnyard toy.I purchased it at a local retailer when they had the price marked down-I do n't think I would have bought it otherwise . It is a little pricey for what it is and how long my daughter will actually be playing with it.If you do n't already have a play gym , I would recommend this one . You will get lots of fun mileage out of it-I would just advise you to watch your local box store for it to go on sale instead of paying full price . Also , I notice the original list price on this site is twenty over what the local stores are asking as the regular price .
 This product kept my son engaged and occupied for a long time - he loved the lights , sounds and hanging animals . We were very happy with this product and how it grew with our son until he was old enough to sit up . It was nice that the music was not as annoying to adults as some of the other mats . Easy to clean and re-essemble .
 My grandbaby was 5 mo old when she got this for Christmas and loves it and uses it every day .
 We received this as a shower gift , so we had it before our son was born . But when he was just a few weeks old and began to become more awake and alert , we would put him on the play gym and he would look around for very long periods of time . Now , he is almost 5 months old and he STILL loves to lay on the mat , both on his back and his tummy . When he is on his back , he grabs the items that dangle above and watches the star light up and make noise . He has figured out that if he gets excited and kicks one of the supports , it will make the star light up and sing to him . When he is on his belly , he looks at the drawings on the mat and we take some of the items down from the overhang and let him reach for them . We do n't know what we would have done without this toy -- it is a great way to get some chores done while and your baby can relax and play . It certainly keeps them entertained !
 My son absolutely loves this playmat . It has been a lifesaver for my husband and I - our son will entertain himself for at least 45 mins which enables us to eat dinner and do other chores . BUY IT ! - you will not regret it .
 I bought this for my son at 2 months . He loves it still -LRB- 5 months -RRB- and we use it nearly everyday . The star lights up and plays classical music with different selections , including turning on for a 30 seconds or so when it senses motion . This is PERFECT for my son who loves being able to turn the star on by himself.I bought another baby gym before I bought this one . It is neatly in storage because our son did n't like it.As with other Baby Einstein things , it is well worth the money !
 This thing has kept my baby very happy . I began using it when he was a few weeks old . The light up star has always kept his attention . Then when he got a little older he would squeal and kick , he loved it . Sometimes we take the star off and attach it to his carseat to entertain him in the car . I love this product !
 My 11 week old old son loves this play gym ! He 's fascinated by the hanging toys which can be moved around , by the way , thanks to the velcro ties ! He also enjoys the lively , playful music ! Two thumbs up !
 My son is 5 months old and still loving this activity gym . I know you pay a little more for the Baby Einstein name , but it 's well worth it . The bright colors and the musical star that lights up keep him occupied laughing and smiling for quite awhile . He dances around to the music and loves the bright toys that hang -LRB- I 've interchanged a few and put some of our own in there -RRB- . He LOVES it ! I would recommend this to any parent .
 1st of all our baby boy loves all baby einstein items . We have toys , dvd 's and this playmat . This playmat was a life saver along with it really helps you child grow mentally . Our son is 6mths old and he barely uses it now because he has started crawling and pushing himself , but I still have it out and he does at times play with the hanging toys but has n't stop looking at the mat itself . MUST BUY
 So portable , love it that the toys can be removed and clipped on anywhere else you want them , and the musical sun is awesome -- the melodies are pretty and I have n't gotten tired of it , despite hearing it OVER and OVER again -LRB- my son loves it -RRB- . The possibilities are endless . This gym is the only toy you need .
 This baby gym is awesome . My daughter is 2mo . and she is very entertained by the gym . It keeps her mind stimulated with the adorable hanging toys and the star in the sky singing right above her . She uses her reflexes to play with the suspended toys and is even grasping them now when I ask her to grab a specific toy . My only problem is that the adorable smiling star has stopped playing music and makes a static noise and the lights stopped flashing . I had to turn it off when a battery change did not improve the problem . I need a replacement and do not know where to get one without a receipt . If anyone could answer that I would love to hear about it . Have fun with your gyms , you 're baby is going to !
 We had the Mommy & Me playmat , but our newborn did n't seem too interested . She adores her Baby Einstein videos , so we got her this mat . She LOVES it . . Bright , flashy , educational , and entertaining ! It even comes with a neat pillow that they can use on their tummy or back . I highly reccomend ALL the Baby Einstein products .
 This is our son 's favorite toy . There is a motion setting that reinforces cause/effect . When he pulls on one of the toys , music plays . Love it !
 My daughter is 3 months and ca n't get enough of this play mat ! She laughs and coos at the lights and music and now she is starting to kick at the toys to get the music started . It is easy to wash , too , since she tends to sometimes spit up on it . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62;
 The colors , lights and music on this gym are great . Wish the mat was bigger , though . Once our baby started rolling over , she 'd end up on the carpet . It 's great for the first couple months . Stock up on batteries - they die fast .
 At two months old , the minute I laid my baby down on the play mat she was mezmerized by the colors and sounds . The star plays music and has flashing lights that made her smile instantly . We 've had it for a couple of weeks now and she never tires of it .
 My baby has loved this gym since she was about 2 weeks old ! At first , she just liked to look at the red toys - the bird and the ladybug . As she got older , she was more interested in the rest of the toys , and started batting at them . She became very interested in the star with the music and lights at around 6 weeks old , and she 's recently become fascinated by the mirror . And I think she 's just figuring out that she can get the music and lights started by batting at the toys or kicking the bars . It keeps her entertained for a pretty long time , so my husband and I can eat dinner together again !
 Our 2 month old daughter loves this gym ! She has been using it since she was about 2 weeks old . She ca n't keep her eyes off the star at the top of the gym , even when it is not playing . She is able to kick the toys that hang off the links to make it play very pleasant music . It seems that the motion sensor has become less sensitive over time , which is very disappointing . She is able to play with the motion sensor and the toys for up to 10 minutes , which for a 2 month old seems like an eternity . It give me time to do a quick chore around the house.The mirror on the gym is not the best but it serves its purpose . I like the little pillow that comes with it too , for tummy time and to prop her head so she can see better when laying on the mat.Overall , I strongly recommend this toy ! It is well worth the money !
 My son LOVES this activity mat ! We have been using it since he was about 2 weeks old and he has not grown tired of it at 3 months . He loves the plush toys hanging from arms and the lights and music keep him entertained !
 I have to admit that when I turn on the star , my baby smiles and coos at it , but other than that , it 's nothing special . i was a little disappointed that only one of the hanging toys is a rattle ... the other two are squeakers -LRB- it 's not easy to make something spueak when the baby is just batting at it -RRB- . It was a gift ... otherwise I would never have bought it . I think you can probably find something just as nice for cheaper .
 I promised myself that I would start writing reviews on baby items since I ALWAYS read them . I bought this when my son was 3 months old and he really liked it . He was n't a big fan of the star like some of the other babies I 've read in the previous entries , but he loves the gym ! He 's 6 months now and it seems like he has more fun with this thing every time I put him down on it ! I definitely would recommend it to anyone and I personally think that it 's well worth the money . I mean , what else can they really do to entertain themselves when they 're 3 months old ? I bought the baby einstein bell too and attatched it to the gym and that is still his ultimate favorite to this day ! It 's just a really cool gym with so many fun features and things to do .
 My baby loves this mat . She will look at the toys and musical lights for a long time ... which lets me do things !!!
 I recieved this as a shower gift before my son was born and am so thankful for it now ! I started putting him on the mat just after he was born and now at 3 months , he adores this play gym . He will lay under it for close to an hour , smiling and talking to the hanging toys and musical star and kicking like crazy . It has really helped him learn to entertain himself . It is also a great place to do tummy time . I would recommend it in a second !
 Okay , I love this thing !!! We got it for our last baby , and he loved it too . The music is nice -- love that it 's classical rather than annoying nursery songs . The motion sensor is sensitive enough that even a little one can get it go without having to pull hard on a toy . Just kicking little legs or waving little arms will start it playing . Our little guy really enjoyed it , and it kept his attention for quite a while . It 's worth the money , and I plan to use it again whenever we have another baby .
 My daughter loves to play on this mat . The hanging toys are okay , but she absolutely loves the flashing star on top , which we affectionately call Starry . She will stare at it and kick around like crazy . It keeps her occupied for long periods of time .
 My daughter loves this gym !! She is always smiling and kicking her legs in excitement when I put her under the star . We call it `` The Happy Star '' . She loves the star and the toys . She is always reaching up to grab them . It 's machine washable and easy to fold in half . This is a great buy !
 I agree with the other reviewer who said the musical star makes this toy . So far that is the only thing that has really captured our 4-month-old daughter 's attention . The songs are different and a little complex without being too stimulating . Best of all they are not annoying to parents , and I like that it can be switched from continuous mode to short mode or motion mode or OFF . The other toys are OK , nothing too interesting , but the rings do allow you to switch out other toys . I think our daughter is just more of a passive observer right now ; she can lie on the mat for 20 minutes looking around without fussing so maybe she is entertained , she just is n't reaching out . Also easy to fold up flat and store out of sight . All in all a good product , I feel like we will still get a lot more use out of this .
 A relative purchased the Baby Einstein Play Gym for my daughter when she was one month old . Being a sleep-deprived first time mother , I was not sure she would even need such an item . Two weeks after receiving the gym I opened it , put batteries in the musical star , and arranged all the toys on the bar according to the directions.I placed my daughter on the colorful mat with her feet on the bar . She sat there for a moment , kicked the bar , activing the musical star . Then , in a moment I will remember for the rest of my life , she smiled for the first time.It did not take her long to figure out that kicking the bar would make the star play a song for her . She loved this toy for many months -LRB- until she learned to crawl -RRB- . This is a wonderful toy for young babies . Some of the toys rattle , and the bright primary colors easily attract a baby 's attention . My daughter especially enjoyed looking at the ladybug . The star is detatachable and made many trips to Grandma 's house with us to place in her pack and play . I washed the mat in the washing machine and dried it on gentle many time without any problems.I hope this information is helpful to anyone deciding which play gym to chose for thier baby . You can purchase this item without any fear of buyer 's remorse .
 Wonderful all around ... I ca n't say enough good things about this product ! the music is soothing and both babies just loved the sound and colors . The little extra pillow really helps with tummy time too . Great , Great , Great .
 At first , I was n't sure that he needed a play gym . Then I could n't decide which one to buy because there was a huge range in price and what if he did n't like it . I happened to be in Toys R Us with a gift card when this was on sale , so I decided why not ? I went home , immediately assembled it for him , and put him on the mat while activating the star at the top . He saw it and smiled!This gym has a star which has lights and plays music . There are about 4-5 songs that it plays and they are classical pieces . We have constantly used this gym and the songs are not annoying at all . You can set this on continuous mode or on motion mode which will activate the music and lights when the gym is moved a bit.It has a mirror , plastic book , duck and cardinal which squeak , ladybug rattle , and circular rattle . Also , you can use the rings to adjust the height of each toy and placement . We have also added some other toys that he likes and he can pull on.He gets so excited when playing with this toy by smiling , babbling and wildly moving his arms and legs . I was shocked the first time I heard him activate the music , but now he does it quite often . At 6 weeks , we had to play with him and now at 12 weeks , we can place him down on the mat and listen from a distance.The little pillow that comes with this is ok . Our son used it at first , but liked to maneuver off of it and roll over . Now , we do n't use it at all , but you could use it to prop a baby up for some of that `` tummy time '' . All-in-all , I feel that this was a good purchase because we have definately used this everyday and he has grown with it . Plus , he really seems to enjoy playing in it from that very first smile to this morning 's conversation with his dear duck .
 I 've been looking for a play gym for my 2 month old -LRB- it was one of the only things we did n't get as a gift ! -RRB- and this one is terrific ! It 's got a ton of toys , music , lights , a tummy pillow , definitely more for the money than others I looked at . Plus , the baby has loved watching the Baby Einstein videos we got at my shower , they 're very soothing and she 's just enthralled with them . Put this on your registry list !
 I purchased this for my 3 month old son a few weeks ago . and I can not rave about it enough !!!!! It has so many bells that even a parents sees as amazing , but wait till your baby gets down there ! I am attachment parenting , and have found it difficult to get him to do ANYTHIMG without me ! he sleeps with me , I 'm breastfeeding him , and he is such a mommy 's boy ! he will NOT go in a bouncy , in a swing , in his crib , in his carseat -LRB- of course he has no choice of this -RRB- or ANY other contraption . the only thing he wants is MOMMY 'S ARMS ! that was untill this activity mat ! I almost did n't buy it because I was afraid it would go to waist like all the other stuff , but from the first moment he was in love ! he loves the toys , he loves the lights and music , he loves the tummy pillow HE LOVES THIS MAT ! I can now actually get a shower , or make lunch -LRB- ON THE STOVE -RRB- since we got this mat , How did I live without it ????? I 'm sure your bundle will love it too ! It 's definatly for the picky baby !
 This is the best play gym ! At 0 to 1.5 months my baby would like to lie under it and look at the lady bug and sometimes the mirror that it comes with and now at 2 months my son is completely absorbed by the sun that plays classical music and lights up according to the notes ! He loves this toy and I would highly recommend it !
 Our one-month-old just started showing an interest in his toys , so we decided to get this gym as an early Xmas present for him . What a great purchase - all of the other glowing reviews are absolutely right !! He loves to stare at himself in the mirror -LRB- he will do it for literally over an hour ! -RRB- , and he also enjoys the red bird and the ladybug . He is too small still to grab the toys or make the star play music on its own -LRB- it 's motion activated -RRB- , but he reaches out to the toys and the mirror and he `` talks '' to them . As a new parent , it 's tremendously exciting to see these toys interest him . I wish there was a way to make the music play continuously , but other than that , this gym -LRB- and all baby Einstein products that we 've found -RRB- is super !
 I started using this play gym with my son when he was less than a month old , in order to give him some ` tummy time . ' By the end of his second month , it was his favorite toy . With a little help from me , he quickly figured out how to make the ` musical star ' at the top of the gym play . Consequently , the gym became an execellent source of both entertainment and exercise - not to mention one of his favorite places to take naps . In the beginning he could n't reach the hanging animals ; when pulled , they make the gym move and hence the star play music . I solved that problem by attaching his ` Sassy links ' to the existing links -LRB- to which the animals are attached -RRB- to bring hanging animals within his reach . My son is now seven and a half months old and crawling , so he does n't use this floor gym as much ... but I still consider this floor gym one of my best ` baby gear ' investments . I also highly recommend many other items within the Baby Einstein line , especially the DVDs/VHS tapes .
 I registered for this playmat not sure if our baby was going to like it , but when I received it , I thought it was bright and cheerful and the right size for our already cluttered living room ! When our son was 4 weeks old , he started showing signs of interest in bright objects so we put him on the mat and were really surprised with the results - he absolutely LOVES the mat!He especially loves the musical star -LRB- that can be moved around with the velcro straps -RRB- and watches as it lights up in different areas ! Now he is almost 6 weeks and it has become a calming and interesting place to be when he gets fussy - he will lay on his back and gaze at the mirror , lights on the star , and kick the birds and watch them move ! This mat is a must for baby registries and great for newborns to gain alertness.Another reviewer did not like the rabbit card , but it comes in a sleeve that will hold a 4x6 photo , so we printed out a photo -LRB- of my husband 's college mascot , because it is bright colored -RRB- and put it in the sleeve . You could also put a photo of mommy or daddy , grandparents or a pet , too . Also , you can add other toys to the rings when the baby gets bored with the birds/bug/rattle . UPDATE
 When shopping for activity mats for out tiwns we wanted something fun , colorful , educational , musical -LRB- but didnt drive us nuts -RRB- , something SAFE and comfy for the babies . We recieved the fisher price musical play garden , lotty ladybird deluxes , carters butterfly gym and this one . Out of all of them this is by far the babies fav one . It has just the right amount of music , toys and colors . And its very comfy for them . We 've been using it since the day we brought them home and have used it everyday since . Its GREAT for tummy time . My almost 6 month old is starting to get up on hands and knees and she looks up at the toys and tries to grab for them . With the fisher price gym the parts all seem to flimsy . The lotty gym has almost to many features on it and is almost to busy for baby . Maybe as they get older they will enjoy it more . The carters butterfly gym is nice but it doesnt have all the features the baby einstein gym does . All around this is a great gym and has gotten babies and mommy through a few hectic days . A few ppl wrote about how their isnt enough rings for the toys to hang down . I noticed this to for when the babies are younger and ca n't reach as high . I just took some of my other rings from other toys and used them to lower the toys . It worked just as well . Just a little hint .
 Great gym ! I 'm glad I put it on my registry . My daughter has enjoyed this since she was 2 months and is now 6 months . Still likes it very much . You can hang anything on it if you do n't like the toys that come with it . The star plays one of the Brandenburg concertos by Bach and if you put it on the `` motion '' setting , the child 's activity will set it off . Another reviewer thought that the picture of a rabbit was a waste but I do n't think he/she realizes that its actually a picture HOLDER and the rabbit 's image can be removed . You 're supposed to put a loved one 's photo in it - like a grandparent or spouse.I have the gym inside a Graco Tot Block pack & play ; -LRB- another great item -RRB- and its perfect because my dog ca n't get at the baby while she 's playing .
 My baby girl loves this activity mat ! I love that I can link different toys to the bars , or take some off if she seems too stimulated . Also , I like the two settings for music . One setting plays the 3 different songs in a row , then stops unless you reset it . The other one only plays one song at a time , and only when the baby shakes the bars , which she will be able to do at some point when she can reach out and grab the toys . But for now , we strapped a musical kick-activated toy to each end of the bars . She kicks it because she gets excited looking at the toys , and it shakes the bars enough to play the music just one song at a time , and then we do n't have to keep resetting it . To make her time in the Baby Einstein last longer without having an `` over-stimulated meltdown '' , I make sure to let the music play for only a few minutes , because between the music , the toys , and the lights blinking on the star overhead , it becomes WAY too much and she starts crying if left in longer than a few minutes . I have been able to stretch her funtime in the Baby Einstein to as long as 15 minutes that way . It is much needed time for me , I just put her in it in the living room and I can still watch her while I make myself a sandwich or make a phone call or two . And she has a blast in it ! Definitely worth it !
 My daughter got this for her `` shower '' and she absolutely loved it . She would lie mesmerized by the musical star and also loved playing with , reaching for , grabbing , and eventually even taking off all the things that hang from the various loops . It 's got great colors and shapes and overall is just terrific . This is a great great item - one of the best we 've found.At about 7-8 months , the thrill wore off . Now she crawls over/through it and moves on .
 My son loves his Baby Einstein Play Gym . From the moment I turn on the star he begins kicking his legs , moving his arms and cooing . It truly is his favorite toy . I also purchased the Gymini mat however he does not like it nearly as much . Baby Einstein is a lifesaver .
 We purchased the Baby Einstein playmat for our daughter shortly after she was born . The musical , light up star caught her attention immediately from about 1 week of age . Since then , she has learned to swat at and grasp the colorful animals -LRB- the ladybug is her favorite -RRB- and can kick the arches to make the music keep playing . The musical star is removable and we take it with us to restaurants and on car trips as the lights amaze and delight our daughter as well as calm her and bring a little sense of home along . Our daughter has played hours on this mat and is now just 11 weeks of age . I highly recommend this item , it is a must have for any new baby .
 My daughter loves this gym ! She laughs out loud at the musical star ! All of our videos of her are on this mat . I like it because everything is detchable and I sometimes take the birdies and attach them to her car seat . She just loves all of the goodies associated with the mat . I would say that this item is definately worth the money !
 Our baby is now 5 weeks but he has been enjoying this since he was two weeks old . At first he just laid there and looked up . I added some links to make the toys closer to his level . Now he is batting at the toys and making happy noises . I like that it is so easy to put away or stick in the car without having to disassemble it - when you lift it up it folds in half unlike some of the gyms that have bars that cross in a stiff X . It also has interesting colors and shapes to look at on the mat during tummy time -LRB- although I 'm not sure he is noticing that just yet -RRB- . I like the included pillow for propping him up on back or tummy , just to give him a different viewpoint . He kind of likes the musical star on the top , but the music is a little loud and scary for him still . I wish there was a setting that controlled the volume , and an option to just have the lights but no music . But I still give it 5 stars because he loves it so much !
 We received this gym as a gift for our baby shower . I thank the people that gave it to us everyday !!! Our baby girl loved this from day one coming home from the hospital ! At 2 months old , she would gaze up at the star and smile/giggle ! It was the cutest thing in the world . She gets excited every morning when she goes into the gym to exercise her legs and arms . Now that she is 3 months old , she is working on her hand/eye coordination by batting and grabbing the toys that hang down . When we went to visit her cousins -LRB- 14 months , 21/2 years -RRB- they both climbed underneath with her and played as well ! I would recommend this toy for everyone !!!
 This is one of the best gifts I received from my registry . I was a little apprehensive because my son never liked his gym -LRB- of course it was 9 years ago and they 've come a long way -RRB- , but my daughter LOVES it ! She is partial to being held -LRB- are n't most babies -RRB- , but this captures her attention longer than most other items . She loves the birds and the lights and begins to fuss when they run their course , which is my only complaint ... the lights and music do n't last long enough . Maybe I missed something that allows it to run longer ?? I would still give it 5 stars and recommend it to anyone with an infant .
 We bought this gym for my son when he was 3 months old . Although it is a little high in price -LRB- Which face it what baby product is n't ! -RRB- We are so glad we purchased it . Our son was not interested in playing with the mat until he was about 4 months old . However He absolutely loves the star on the gym , so we took it off and attached it to his car seat . Parents would stop up at stores and restaurants asking us where we got the star . Amazingly the star always seemed to comfort him and put him to sleep in the car . The moment he would cry we would turn the star on and he was instantly hypnotised by the music and lights ! Now he is 6 months old and still plays on the mat , however he rolls right off of the mat after 10 mins of play . This was a great purchase and i would recommend it to everyone .
 We received the Baby Einstein Play Gym as a gift and my son loves it . He enjoyed it from the time he was 3 weeks old and still enjoys it at 4 months . He plays with it every morning while I 'm preparing to go to work . All you can hear throughout my house is his laughter . It 's been easy to clean and appears to be made very well . There are 4 people I work with that are expecting soon and they all are planning on getting this play gym .
 Our baby loves this mat ; it has been one of our best investments . She thought it was OK at about 2 weeks but at 4 weeks decided she really liked it . At 4-6 wks of age , she &#146; ll spend 20 minutes or more on the mat batting at the toys -LRB- if they &#146; re hung low enough and close to her hand -RRB- and staring at the star ; she almost dances to it . We also spend tummy time on this mat where there are so many colorful and contrasting pictures to hold her gaze . She doesn &#146; t seem to like the infant swing , only tolerates her bouncer but loves her play mat . I only wish they had designed the music and lights on the star to go longer when set in the on position .
 This play gym is definitely something that even my 5 week old baby loves . It comes with additional hooks to attach the birds and bug so even a very small baby can reach them . I even attached a Lamaze Celeste stuffed toy to it and it holds it up with no problem . The baby can activate the motion sensing music all on his own now that the animals hang down low enough for his flailing little arms . This is one of the best gifts I received for him . Would definitely recommend it .
 My son is 4 months old and he has absolutely loved this activity since we started putting him on it , which I think he was around 3 weeks old . Now he loves to grab the toys , bat at them , kick the bars and he still loves to watch the lights on the stars . It 's great to let them use it when it 's dark in the room because they can really see the lights then . This is definitely a lifesaver of a toy since he can entertain himself with it ! I am going to be sad when he is too big for it . My only complaint is the batteries having to be replaced often , but I am going to take someone else 's suggestion and get rechargable batteries !
 i 've been using the activity gym since my son was just a few weeks old , he loved it then and still loves it . he enjoys looking at the lights on the star and though the music is not that selective and it is kind of hard for him to get it to go on , he still enjoys wondering how and where it 's coming from . he enjoys hitting the hanging toys and watching them fly back and forth . i think this gym has his attention more then any of his toys !
 My son has been enjoying this since he was 2 weeks old . At first , all he did was lie there and stare up at the star -LRB- which I turned on -RRB- . At 2 months , he bats at the toys -LRB- and kicks the side pieces -RRB- to turn the star on himself . Every time I lay him down on the mat , he smiles and giggles with glee . I did have to add some extra links to make the toys `` battable '' right now , but I love the flexibilty of adding/changing toys based on what interests him right now . I have taken the star off and attached it on his car seat when we had to make a drive while my son was fussy . He was so entertained by the star that he forgot to fuss about the car ride . I love the fact that I 've been listening to the music from the star for almost 2 months now , and I have yet to have the music get on my nerves -LRB- unlike some of his toys ! -RRB- My son loves to have independant play lying on the mat , and it keeps his attention long enough for me to eat lunch or fold a load of laundry . My ONLY complaint is that we go through a set of AAA batteries at least once a week . Invest in 2 sets of recharable batteries , it will pay off quickly .
 This item is really neat . It has alot of things for the baby to look at and some of the toys are interactive -LRB- sqeaking , playing music -RRB- . When my son was about a week old , I would lie him on the mat -LRB- while I did the dreaded dishes -RRB- so he could look at the hanging toys . As the months went by he began to bat at them , and then tugged at them in an effort to get them down and play with them . He came to love the mat ! Because it has all kinds of loops that can be used to attach more toys -LRB- any kind of toy that can hang -RRB- we would be able to swap them off the playthings , so he would stay interested longer . Sometimes he would spend up to an hour playing -LRB- this enabled him to find amusement on his own , bonus ! -RRB- . But alas when he began to sit up , he was too tall to sit under the arches without getting tangled up in them . So onto new amusements ...
 This Einstein gym is well worth every penny . My 2 month old son is taken with it . He is reaching toward the hanging objects and looks at himself in the mirror frequently . But the best part of all is the star with the lights . I put him under this gym and he is taken by it . I would highly recommend this to anyone who is needing some time to relax and enjoy your happy child .
 My daughter has been using this play mat since she was born . She LOVES the flashing of the lights and music of the star . She talks to it every time she 's there . It 's great for back and tummy time . I do n't like how the mirror is metallic and does n't provide a great reflection . It 's too bad that the bird and duck squeek rather than sounding like a bird and duck . I received this as a gift and am VERY glad to have it .
 A must have !! My baby has loved this since day one . He especially loves the musical star that lights up . He is so fascinated with all the things hanging down that I really do think this is a great learning toy!I put him in his gym every morning for a little while , and he absolutely loves it.This and the aquarium swing are ABSOLUTE necessities for new parents !
 My son , who was born with some muscular problems , LOVES this gym ! It has been a major motivator in getting him to stretch out , reach for and grasp objects , learn about cause and effect and master other gross and fine motor skills . For the first two months he was fascinaed with the ladybug , now we take the rattle off and let him practice kicking by putting the links with the rattle around his legs -LRB- he 's starting to be more partial towards the duck , too ! -RRB- . We 're constantly finding new uses for it . The whole family is mesmerized by the music . As a mom and an educator of young children , I ca n't say enough about this gym , I would recommend it to ANYONE who has and infant !
 My daughter has only been using it for 2 weeks so far -LRB- she 's 7 weeks old now -RRB- and it 's her favorite thing we have . She can amuse herself for up to 40 minutes sometimes ! We 've had to wash it almost daily since we started using it , since she spits up quite a bit , but even after so many washings , the colors have n't faded a bit . It 's durable , she loves the little toys hanging down , and she 'll sit and just smile and coo at the toys and the smiley-face star . The lights and music are great , and she loves it when she can turn on the music by herself by batting at the toys or kicking the plush bars . This is perfect - not just for giving me a few minutes to rest my arms every day , but for stimulating her and encouraging active play time while she 's awake . I love it !
 My baby girl is now 5 months old and she 's been loving this gym since she was about 2 weeks old . The toys can be moved around and other toys can be added , keeping her interest . I highly recommend this - it 's great for when you need to set baby down for a few minutes .
 We got this item as a shower gift and it is our baby 's favorite activity . She loves the musical star and all of the brightly colored toys . She has used it since she was 5 weeks old and still enjoys playing in it , now as an active 4 month old . She now rolls over to look at the colorful animals on the mat and loves the book . She plays herself to sleep in it ! It also comes with a pillow for tummy time for smaller babies . I ca n't say enough about it !
 My son loved this play mat and has been using it since he was born . He loves the music and the animals . Now that he 's a little older -LRB- 5 months -RRB- he enjoys spending tummy time on it and loves the pictures on the mat itself . I also like the fact that you can take the whole top off and just use it for a safe place for the baby to crawl around on and play . This mat has taken him through 5 months now and I can see him using it for many more . Another great product from Baby Einstein.My only complaint is that the motor from the star that lights up and plays music died . I have not tried to call the company or try and return it , but we 'll see what happens .
 My daughter is 3-months-old and has JUST fallen in love with this activity gym ! Her grandmummy bought it for her when she was only a few weeks old and at that point she was still a bit young for it . She would check everything out , but then would get over-stimulated or fall asleep under it . Now she gets so much enjoyment out of it is unreal . As a matter of fact , she likes it so much and dislikes tummy-time so much that we do tummy-time on the activity gym mat and she tolerates it for much , much longer that way . The motion setting is wonderful , and she has just learned to activate it by pulling on the ladybug . Also , we bought more links to add to the ones that come with the gym and this has made it easy for her to reach for the bird , duck , ladybug , and other toys . She loves the mirror , too . It is just great , I will quit gushing about it now . -LRB- One thing , though , the musical star is pretty loud . -RRB-
 If you buy your child one toy , make it this activity gym . We 've used this gym since our son was three weeks old . -LRB- before that , it made a great cat toy -RRB- It really helped settle him down when he was feeling colicky . Now at 2 months , he breaks into a big gummy grin and laughs every time he sees the musical , lighted sun . He just started grabbing the hanging red bird and ladybug . It 's also a great place to put him for `` tummy time '' . He pushes himself up to look at all the colorful accessories , especially the mirror .
 I bought this item after returning another one and seemed to love this at first . The problem with this one is that the motion sensor that turns on the music does not work that great . In fact , I do not think it works at all . I would have to go over to the gym and turn the button off then on to get the play gym to trigger the music for my baby . I would recommend this item to anyone but please be aware that it is not perfect .
 I love this gym -- and so does my son ! The arches are sturdy -- I attached 4 more of my own toys with the extra links they supplied and it does n't bend . I like how it is & quot ; educational & quot ; in nature -- the book , picture frame and animals on the mat are great for teaching baby . The music mobile can be played when baby touches anything on the mat , or it can be played in timer mode . Another plus of this gym in the support pillow that comes with it -- looks like half of a boppy pillow . It 's great for tummy time.I also have the Tiny Love Deluxe Gymini but prefer the Baby Einstein . The arches on the Einstein gym are higher so the dangling toys do n't hit my son like they do on the Tiny Love gym . This is a great play gym !!!
 This toy is worth every dime you pay for it . I bought it for my baby when she was 2 months old and she loved it even before she could roll over and grab the toys . She is three months old now and will spend hours at a time kicking , rolling over and playing with the light up star . She coos , smiles and squeels at the star when it plays music and lights up . She has learned she can kick the poles and make the star come on -LRB- when I have it set on motion censored -RRB- . As soon as the song goes off she will kick it again . I have washed the mat several times and it has not faded or gotton mishaped or anything . It was a little more expensive than the others but well worth the money . Its my babies favorite toy so far .
 My son loves this gymini . We registered and received another one - the red , black and white one which my son used from about 3 weeks old and he loved it . Then we received this one when he was a little over a month old . When we put him under this and he saw the star light up and the music start , his whole face lit up . He was so excited . In fact as I write this , my son is three months old and he is currently playing under it , pulling on all the toys and loving it still . This gym has helped him learn how to swat at things and then grab things as he got older . He now can pull the toys off the gym and gets very excited about that .
 I baught one . My son loves it very much . It is nice and comforting .
 My daughter began playing with this toy at about 6 weeks . I play with my daughter often and most of her toys provide her with entertainment for a good period of time , and for a little while this one did too . However she seemed to grow bored of it sooner than I thought she would . I would wind up changing the toys around in an effort to hold her attention and if that did n't work , she 'd roll over and peruse the mat for a bit but that would n't last long because she would get frustrated . I 'm not sure why there is a picture of a rabbit by the way . . it almost seems like an after-thought . I gave it four stars because there were plenty of times where she genuinely enjoyed this playmat , but it is unfortunate that she grew bored fairly quickly and frankly , the rabbit is useless .
 My son was 4 month old when he received this as a Christmas gift . He loved it . He loved the star best of all . He would lay there and stare at it . . when it stopped he would kick it again . It was great to keep him occupied . I put the play mat away when he became more mobile . At 11 months he plays with the star and the book . The only negative thing is that my son used to chew on the book , and constantly has be cleaned . I 've actually had to hide teh book from him for a while
 Since purchasing the Baby Einstein Gym my daughter , not even four months has rolled over from back to front and from front to back . This gym promotes tummy time and really entices those little guys to get rolling . They see the star in the center get excited and roll away ... They also enjoy the various toys that really motivate them to move . I highly recommend this product .
 This is the best gym . It is smaller then some of the others which is nice for baby . My son loves to be in it . It has a motion sensor on the star so they learn to hit the toys to make it go off . Much better than other gyms .
 My 3 month old son is absolutely in love with his Baby Einstein Play Gym . The musical star lights up and he smiles the second the star lights up . The first song is definitely an attention grabber . On a good day , he can play for 45 minutes to an hour !! Great mommy time !!
 This gym was a lifesaver ! Our little guy loves it . When no other toy , swing , or bouncer would entertain him , he would play on the gym . He loved the squeaking birds when he was 2-3 months . Now he still loves them , but he also loves the photos of the animals . I would recommend this product to anyone . I work from home and sometimes need him to be happy on his own and this definitely did the trick .
 This playmat has become one of several baby items I could n't live without ! We received this one for our baby shower along with a Fischer Price mat , and our son LOVES the Baby Einstein mat and shows little interest in the other one.First , up to about 4 weeks of age , he would lay under it in the ` on ' mode - meaning the star played music and lights for about 5 mintues . He would love to stare at it and the toys hanging above him . The only down side is the music and lights did n't last too long and we had to keep reactivating it.Once he was about 4-5 weeks old , we switched to using the ` motion ' mode , meaning he had to hit or kick the toys or bars to get the music and lights to play . We lowered the toys with the extra lincs so they would be within him reach . It 's really helping his motor skills develop and he has so much fun . The first time he smiled and laughed was when he was on the mat . He really gets his hands and feet moving to get it activated . It entertains him long enough for me to get a shower , dress and dry my hair.The only down side is that it 's not very intersting to him for tummy time because he ca n't pick his head up very far yet . Still , I would n't want to go a day without it !
 My son is 2 months old , and has been using this gym for about a month and a half . At first he was very curious about it , but as he 's gotten older and his eyesight and coordination has developed more , he absolutely LOVES this thing . The second we put him under it , he starts smiling , babbling and waving his arms and legs while looking up at the star . On a number of occasions when he 's gotten fussy , the one thing that has helped the most was this gym ... I 've literally seen him go from crying to giggling in a matter of seconds after being placed under the gym .
 My baby has loves this play gym . He loves that star and laughs when it lights up and plays music . He 's figured out the motion sensor too and now loves it even more . We have a gymini as well , but he loves this play mat more .
 My baby wears me out demanding to be entertained ! We borrowed this playmat from my sister when our son was six weeks old . As he grows he is more and more interested in it . At first the lights and music kept him entertained and we had to keep that going . Now he can activate the motion sensor on his own . We have added a few extra toys to it and rotate where he lays and where the toys are so he does n't get bored . The mirror is great for tummy time . Now that he has found himself he likes to raise up and gaze into the mirror from his tummy . He 'll play on it long enough for me to start supper , do some laundry or any number of other short chores . We would be lost without this toy !
 Our 10-week old baby loves this gym so much ! He figured out the motion sensor right away -LRB- kick it and the music starts again -RRB- , and the music is not so annoying that we mind hearing it constantly . It 's good or tummy time as well as longer periods of play on his back , and it definitely holds his attention for longer than any other toy he has .
 My daughter LOVES her Einstein Mat . As soon as she figured out she could make the star light up on her own she loved it even more . She enjoys looking at the hanging toys and laughes at the star . We took a cross-country trip and brought it with us , easily folded up in our suitcase .
 My son really enjoys spending time on his activity mat . The star on top with the lights and music were a big hit when he was only a few weeks old . His grandparents actually `` stole '' it and put it on his pack and play . Now that he 's 5 months he can reach out and play with the hanging toys . The only negative was as a newborn I thought the the material was rough and scratchy . So , I always put a blanket down , to make it more comfortable ... and warm . -LRB- he was a fall/winter baby -RRB- I wish I could find out if you can buy individual pieces for it . -LRB- more hanging toys and another star ! -RRB- After reading one of the other reviews I realize that I really have nothing to compare it to , since this is the ONE we got . But , overall we are happy with it .
 I started using this mat when our daughter was about 2 months old . She immediatley noticed the flashing lights above her head and smiled so big at it . Now at 3 months she starts smiling as soon as the music starts , I guess she knows the lights are fixing to flash . She does n't play with the other toys yet but it has been worth it to have already even if she does n't .
 We received this from our registry and have been using it with our son from the start . He is now at the age -LRB- 51/2 months -RRB- where he truly enjoys it . He loves the squeaky birds and bats at the rattles . The music is a little loud and I 'm not so sure he likes that as much , but overall this is a great toy .
 We recieved two different activity gyms for my daughter , and she likes the other one better . I will say the little animals that attatch to this are really cute . We took the red bird off , so my daughter can take it with her since she likes it so well , but she spends more time under the other one , it 's the jungle one .
 My son just LOVES this play gym ! He has been enjoying it since he was just a few weeks old and he 's now 4 months . He plays with it every single day and none of the other toys he has generate as much excitement and activity . I do n't know how this gym would compair to less expensive ones in regards to his response , since this is the only one we 've used . However , I would definitely recommend this be on all of your registry lists !
 My son loved this play mat . The sun that lights up and plays music is very entertaining to infants .
 This is my frequent new baby gift - ordering here , it was $ 10 less than the store , no shipping , and it arrived in a couple of days . No Brainer ! Great deal !
 This mat is great . The toys are versatile and can be used anywhere - car , stroller , table , etc. . My son LOVES the star and we take take it everywhere in case he gets too fussy .
 Our little guy loves his baby Einstein play mat ! He started smiling at 6 weeks , and most of his smiles were while he laid on this mat . He is so happy looking up at the star , listening to the music . At first , he mostly enjoyed the music and the blinking lights , but now he is 3 months old and grabs all the toys . This is a must buy - it entertains our Matthew for hours !
 My daughter really likes the gym we started her in it at just about 4 months . A first she would just lay there and look at the lights but now she reaches for the dangling toys and looks at the mirror . I like that the mat is washable especially good if you have a baby that spits up a lot which mine does . I like the lights and that they are motion sensitive . I highly recommend this play gym
 This was the first and only thing my baby would play with.I was waiting so much for her to react with somthing.She plays with it everyday and it makes her smile soo hard and so much and she talks to the hanging lil star that plays classical cute tunes while lights are going.I think she started on it about 2 months but got more and more active as I waited to see responses . At 4 months can kick it to make it make music.She loves this toy . What a great gift.She never seems to tire of it -LRB- while in play mood -RRB- , she only tires of it if hungry , tired or time to poo poo . This is well worth the money , even though a lil ' steep price , but thank God I got for gift on registry.She has a fabulous time with this everyday . Great interaction too for eyes , ears and body as they grow.It 's just something about it that they love as opposed to others .
 I work as a professional nanny . My current employers have this gym , and it is a godsend ! The baby -LRB- 10 weeks -RRB- loves the music , colors and flashing lights on the star which can be attached anywhere you want on the gym . He adored it laying on his back , now I can move it onto a side support and he 's happy watching it for some tummy time and I get a much needed break from carrying him around . It is soft and well constructed , good size for a baby who is n't very mobile yet and hangs toys in good locations for him to bat at . The only things that could improve are that it does n't come with many toys -LRB- though we have other toys attached to it now -RRB- and that the star only has 2 or so songs which are short and repetitive . It also does n't have an on and stay on setting , it must be pressed or moved to make the music come back on and baby gets fussy if his star is quiet ! Overall I 'd highly recommend this gym for babies that are not yet crawling .
 My little girl who is two months old loves to lay down and watch me play with the red bird . The music that plays also keeps her interest . This is not an item you can leave your baby alone with . I would recommend buying it only if you are willing to put in the time .
 I got this as a gift for my 11 week old , who is the most energetic baby I 've ever seen . He LOVES it and can lay and play with me , or can entertain himself with the great motion/music feature . The mat is also great for tummy time b/c the pictures are bold enough for them to capture his interest . Great toy !
 Our son is 3 months old , and he has had this mat since birth . This thing is just awesome . He has absolutely loved it since he was 4 weeks old . The lights and music from the star keep him entertained daily . He 's now learning that he can kick it to activate the star . He smiles , laughs , and jabbers at the toys that hang from the gym . It 's very portable , washable , and easy to set up and store away . This is an absolute must have for new parents !!!!
 We got this as a gift for our shower and our daughter has loved it since day one . She was a little over a week old when we first placed her on the mat . It even caught her attention that early on . She is now 7 weeks and smiles and talks to her ` friends ' the minute we place her on the mat . My husband and I can even eat dinner together while she plays on the floor near the table . If you like a moment to get some quick chores done , I highly recommend this toy . Your child will love it .
 I bought this item for my grandchild and was very well pleased with it . She was 7 weeks old when I purchased it . The older she gets the more she enjoys it . She likes to lay there for hours just listening and looking around .
 After our daughter was born in March , my husband and I purchased this play gym . I thought the colors and musical star would be stimulating for Molly . This has turned out to be one of the many Baby Einstein toys she loves !!! If she is having a bad day , Baby Einstein to the rescue ... The colors are bright and the music is soothing . I recently have washed the mat and the colors did not fade . I recommend after buying this item , stock up on batteries ... It truly is a great product .
 I was a little unsure about putting such an expensive gym on my registry but I am so glad I did ! My daughter is 10 weeks old and she loves it ! At about 6 weeks she fell in love with the light up musical star -LRB- we call it STARRY ! -RRB- and now -LRB- at 10 weeks -RRB- she loves chatting with the red bird and duck that dangle from the bars . This gym can keep her entertained for up to 30 minutes at a time ! Especially if I position her feet where she can kick a bar easily so the music will play . I look forward to what she will do with it in the upcoming weeks !
 This toy is so fun and educational ! I started having my baby use it when she was about eight weeks and even then she liked it . She quickly learned that she could kick the bars and the star would light up and play music -LRB- of course , I had to position her so she could reach the bars -RRB- . Now that she has become older , she loves to play with the toys that dangle . -LRB- At first I had to link them at first so they would dangle within her reach . -RRB- I lay her down on it and if she is a little fussy she will often start smiling right away.It is also nice to remove the bars and use it to take to friends ' houses so that she has a somewhat cushy place to sit and sleep if I do n't bring the pack-n-play . The mat washes up nice . It comes in a nice protective plastic case that I kept to keep it clean on car rides .
 WOW ! Worth every penny ! I had this in the closet and one day decided to set it up and wished I had done it sooner . As soon as I put my son on it and the music played he was smiling and laughing . I love the motion device , which starts the music and lights when he hits anywhere on the gym . Some of my friens have play gym 's and NONE of them even compare to the Baby Einstein play gym . This is definitely worth every penny ! **** There was one review which said they wished they had put a different picture besides a rabbit in the soft frame , the rabbit picture comes placed in the frame but in the directions they actually recommend putting in either a picture of the baby or of family members .
 We bought this for my son when he was 2 months old . He is now 5 months old and it is one of the few toys that still keeps his attention . I love that it is interactive & colorful yet it does n't overstimulate him . Our son is very active and is hard to keep still long enough to have a good chunk of time to have one on one mommy & daddy play , however for this toy he will stick around . The toys are also very durable . We play with the toys outside of the home -LRB- they have been all over -RRB- and they have all held up very well.The music is great on the star and the volume is perfect ! I love the different modes that you can adjust the music too!I have several other friends with baby 's and we have spent time at their house on their playmats , NONE of them have kept my son 's attention . I highly recommend this toy !
 This gym is a God Send . My son loves it , from the moment I layed him down on it the musical star caught his attention . Recently he has been developing his fine motor skills by grabbing the hanging toys and has realized he can turn on the music himself -LRB- motion sensing is a wonderful concept -RRB- . And just yesterday , during tummy time he for the first time noticed the animal friend pictures on the mat . now each time I lay him down he looks at each animal and laughs . It is so cute to watch him play in this gym and he is not even 4 months old yet . But the best part is that I can lay him down to play and he will play for at least a half hour before dozing off on his own . This gives me time to get dinner started , fold clothes , or just have some ME time . I highly recommend this toy . Our dear friends gave this to us , and I ca n't thank them enough . Wait until you hear your child turn the motion music box on for the first time . You just melt !
 We started using this playgym for our daughter when she was just three weeks old ; it was her first toy ! She loved looking at the star that lights up and plays music . Then around two months old , she started batting at the dangling toys . At three and a half months , she realized that if she shakes the bars by kicking them , SHE can make the music come on . And at four months , she started rolling over on this mat . It has been so much fun seeing her laugh and smile and hit all of these milestones while on the Baby Einstein mat ! And now at six months , she still uses it everyday . I would highly recommend this mat to any new parent to purchase or put on your registry ! It 's safe , educational , and fun for your child . What more could you ask for ?
 This play gym makes my son so happy . I had received a different one for my baby shower but my mother-in-law had this one at her house and my son seemed to love this one a lot more . He smiled the first time I ever put him under the star with the lights and sounds . He was only 7 weeks old at the time . He never smiled like that at the one I had at my house . I 've now taken this to my home for him . He 's now four months old and enjoys it more than ever . Now he grabs at the toys that hang from it , shakes the rattle and gazes at the lights in the star . I even have to detach the little red bird from it when we go out because he loves to hold it and put it in his mouth . This play gym is so colorful and eye catching . I know it may seem expensive but it 's very worth the money . I have found that Baby Einstein toys are made with a lot of intelligence . I buy Baby Einstein now all the time because my son seems to like their bright colors and reacts very well to their toys and videos .
 I bought this gym for my baby when she was only two months old . Now , at 5 months , her father and I can actually eat dinner at the SAME TIME !! I can put her in it while I wash bottles , make my own lunch , or throw in a load of laundry and she 's happy . She 's figuring out how to get the toys off now and it can keep her happy for an hour or more . She loves the music and has figured out that she can kick the bar and activate the star on & quot ; Motion & quot ; setting . This is WELL worth the money anyone would pay for it .
 My son has loved this gym since about 3 weeks old . He can entertain himself in it for up to an hour several times a day if necessary . I put him in it when I have to eat or do dishes so that he can keep within sight and keep occupied . He loves to grab the toys -LRB- especially the ladybug -RRB- and ca n't get enough of the musical star . He squeals and smiles at it . It 's fun to watch him in it . He does n't care for the mirror too much and the photo holder he has n't even noticed yet .
 We have had this for a our little one since he was born . We really did n't use it much until about 1mth , and he his now almost 6mths . It still does the trick ! Initially , we just turned it on . Now , it 's on `` motion '' so that his kicks , etc. trigger it to turn on . He still loves it . He used to only kick the toys . Now , he can reach up and grab the toys , too . It 's great b/c there are toys are each end for his hands & feet . And , using the links , we can change the heights of the toys . He is so mesmerized my the star ! The flashing lights still get his attention . It is costly , and intially , I thought any play gym would do , but I am glad we ended up with this one.We have also found it easy to store by just grabbing the bars that go across the top , which then fold it in half . We hang the bars over his closet door knob . This has worked well for getting it out of the middle of the room quickly , without having to take anything off of it . Everything just folds up into the mat . The mat falls below the bars , making a sort of envelope for his blanket and other loose toys.I have n't had to wash it yet . I always keep a blanket over the mat so that I can easily remove & wash the blanket rather then the whole mat.We love it !
 The Baby Einstein Play Gym is fantastic . My 3 month old daughter LOVES it . She spends hours -LRB- no exageration -RRB- in it . It is by far her favorite place to be . I have already changed the batteries twice . I would highly recommend this to any new Mom . The bright colors , flashing lights & music keep baby entertained .
 My son got this play gym as a gift and he loves it . The little start that hangs over the top plays music and he was fascinated ! He is not almost 1 year old and he still loves this play gym . And although one of the other reviews knocks the picture of the rabbit , my son really enjoyed it and would stare at it constantly . For some reason he really enjoyed the little white tabs with the manufacture name on it .
 He especially loves the musical light up star . I have started taking the star with us when we go out . I just attach it to his carrier seat.The only complaint I have about this gym is that its not very stimulating for tummy time . Its also not that big . My baby is 11 weeks and almost too big for the mat now .
 my daughter loves this gym ! the only reason i 'm giving 4 stars and not 5 is the fact that the motion sensor gets less and less sensitive as time goes by ... now most of the time i have to shake it to make it come on . my baby has been using this since she was 3 wks old . . i lowered the toys with extra links and she has a blast . . as for the bunny picture i put a picture of her daddy in the frame and she thinks it is great . . she will `` talk to Daddy '' while he is at work ... she loves the gym and i can cook or clean up without feeling that i am neglecting her
 My son loved this playmat since he was just a few weeks old . He would just lay on his back and stare at the little star . Later , when he started to grab for things , he enjoyed swatting at the little birds and ladybug . He was quite a spitter so we had to wash it many times and the mat washed up well in the washing machine on the gentle cycle . Now that he is 9 months old we have packed it away but it was his favorite toy for a long time ! I would highly recommend it . My sister has one for her baby and loves it as much as we do .
 We have a newborn and she loves her Baby Einstein Play Gym . It is her favority activity and has so many different options . She loves the lights and music on the center star and squeals with delight at it . She has also learned to grasp the hanging toys and rattles , which can be easily moved around to add interest . The mat is wonderful for tummy time too and has lots of bright colors and animal faces . It is very durable and machine washable too . If your baby spits up on it , just throw it in the wash during her nap and it 's ready to go again in no time . This gym is a huge hit with her and for us . You definitely need one !
 This was given to us as a gift by our in-laws . Baby Einstein is a growing theme in our household.I 've read some reviews about the motion sensor being not very good . Well , it turns out it is a physical motion sensor , not an optical motion sensor . What this means is the star must shake in order for the music to play . If baby is just hanging out below it then no matter how much hand waving you do , it 's not going to chime.When baby was first brought home she enjoyed the colors . Then she learned about crawling and we thought that was the end of the play mat . I just brought it back out of storage now that she 's 10 months and she 's loving grabbing the various toys hanging from the criss-cross supports . And of course , with the motion sensor working the way it does , as she pulls the toys , the start sounds off . This is awesome!It 's especially great to watch her `` discover '' the various toys hanging from the supports , and with the circular clips , we change out the toys that came with the mat with some of her other stuffed animals and chew toys and she really enjoys it .
 My daughter just turned four months old , and she 's played with this gym every day since she was about three weeks old . The star in the picture has lights and music , and the motion-activated setting is great . You attach the star to the support -LRB- the velcro is very secure -RRB- , and then whenever the support moves , the music and lights start up . I could n't care less about the rest of the gadgets , but that star is fabulous!At one month , I positioned Kira so that she could reach one of the supports with her feet . After setting the music off accidentally a number of times , she realized that kicking makes music happen . She started kicking to make the music go , and then squealing in delight until it finished , at which point she 'd kick again . -LRB- She also started kicking on the changing table , while she was eating , in the car seat ... At that point , my husband and I started looking for other motion-activated stuff she could kick , but the one thing we found was n't nearly as good as this one . -RRB- No morning in our house is complete without Kira bashing at her gym for twenty minutes while I have breakfast and read the paper.Now at four months , I put her so that her feet are on the middle of a side ; she 'll roll over on her side so that her feet can whap the support . She also grabs on to a dangling toy with her hand -LRB- string together a few of the included rings to get the toy low enough -RRB- and pulls it or plays tetherball with it.On a practical note , the mat is machine washable and hangs dry overnight , although the colors do fade a bit . Unlike another gym that was loaned to me , this one collapses flat when you pick it up so it 's easy lean against the wall to keep out of the way . The star takes three AAA batteries , and I think we 've been through about four sets ; the screwdriver and batteries live next to the change cup , and I can get the star back up and running within 60 seconds . : -RRB-
 This is one of the best gifts I got for my shower . My son loves the dancing star . At first when he was born he would bat at the toys and at 3 months he started pulling the toys and now at 5 months he uses the bars to put his feet on to help him rollover . This has kept him entertained for many months for many hours . I highly recommend this toy .
 My daughter loves this mat ! She gets annoyed with the star after awhile , but the best thing is ... you never even have to turn it on for her to have fun . She will lay and `` talk '' to herself in the mirror and loves all of the little critters attached . I added links to the toys so that she can get them in her mouth . I even attach other toys ... her `` Freddie the Firefly '' often hangs out here !
 My son loves this gym . He 's been playing with it since he was two weeks old . Now he 's almost four months old and has learned to set off the motion sensor on the star , which he loves . The gym is also great because I can rearrange the toys on it to keep it exciting for my son . He also loves cooing at the mirror and the bunny picture . This is a must for all parents !
 I have not experienced other playmats but I do know that this is an essential item for your baby . It is excellent for development and by 1 month , they get bored and want to play and this is excellent . I lie him down after a bath or changing and he plays until he is sleepy.I like the colors and layout . It has a good amount of toys to play with BUT : the star with music sometimes goes dead and the music stops playing for a few seconds and this is NEW ... the rabbit picture is a lame toyit could be bigger ... otherwise it is a great item ... I would recommend checking other ones out first to see if this one is right for you .
 My baby has adored this from day one . We have had it for several months now and she has not tired of it yet . Her favorite part is the star . She just lights up ! It 's great for travel as well . Now she is almost 5 mos and although she has n't out grown the toys we do have to put it on a larger blanket because she will roll right off it at times .
 My loves being in this Baby Einstein gym.He is 3 months old now and we bought it for him as a Christmas present when he was 7 weeks old.He enjoys all the bright colors and loves the star that hangs from the center.He makes cooing sounds and gets very excited as he looks at all the lights and hears the music . Its really worth the buy .
 My 6 month old son has loved this since he was only a few weeks old ! He loved the colors at first , and as he got older he could play with the little toys and loves the musical star ! -LRB- I actually took the star with me on a road trip fastened to our dog-cage in the back of my Jeep just in front of his infant seat . As I drove , the motion sensor would activate and play music and lite-up . It kept him happy for hours !!! -RRB- The music settings are great , `` on '' plays for about 5 minutes , `` motion '' plays for just a minute or so each time its activated . It is VERY easy to set-up , I ca n't imagine having a problem figuring out how it goes . It is compact and travels everywhere with us . My son loves playing on it while watching his Baby Einstein DVD 's - the laughs are priceless !!!
 We had the Ocean Wonders Kick and Crawl and our daughter hated playing with it . It did not stimulate her at all and she cried two minutes after placing her under the gym . We then decided to buy a new Kick and Play and we went with the Baby Einstein Play Gym . My daughter loves it ! It stimulates her senses and amuses her and me . There are so many toys to play with and she loves the musical star at the top that plays the music and flashes lights . Everything about the play gym is educational including the pad the baby lays on . The musical star has a mode that plays the music when your child tugs at a toy and moves the gym and my daughter just giggles when she makes the music start on her own . We have had this since she was three months old and she is five months old and still just as happy in it as the day we bought it . The play gym is a little pricey but it has been well worth the money .
 I really love this gym ... we originally bought the Tiny Love Gymini 3-D because it seemed so popular and was cheaper , but it seemed so dull . The Baby Einstein is well worth the extra money . The only complaint I can think of , and this is just my preference , is that the musical star is a little loud when my baby was sleepy ... it 's too bad that there is n't a lights-only option for the star . Other than that , we love the attachments and have used them as take-along toys -LRB- we still use the book at bathtime , and she is 17 months -RRB- . I am expecting again and ca n't wait to use this gym again . Great product overall .
 My husband and I bought this before our son was born . We liked the bright colors and the toys hanging from the sides , as well as the musical star . I thought that it would be a few months before our son could use it , but we put him in it at 4 weeks and he immediately was hooked ! He could activate the motion feature on his own at 8 weeks and loves the lights on the star . I love that everything is moveable , so as he grows we can increase the difficulty level . People have complained about the rabbit picture , but I put a picture of our family 's faces in the holder , and my son will gurgle and talk to them instead . He loves grabbing the round rattle and talking to the lady bug and bird . It is so fun to watch him in his gym that we took it with us out of state when we visited the grandparents ! Be sure to keep the plastic container it comes in so travel is easier . I would DEFINITELY recommend this gym to new parents !
 My son loves this gym . He is eight weeks old and just starting to reach for the hanging toys . It is nice that you can add extra rings to the hanging toys to make them lower . I have laid him on the mat since he was about three weeks old and it is great for tummy time . We have hardwood floors and the padding is sufficient . He loves to watch the sun toy that plays music/flashes lights and especially loves the mirror . I like that the toys are detachable . When he was younger we would place the sun and the mirror on the mat next to him . We have also hung the toys from his bouncer chair toy bar . The mat is easy to fold up and fits nicely in his closet . A previous reviewer complained about the rabbit picture . I like that the `` frame '' of that picture is a pocket and I have replace the rabbit with a picture of daddy.The only bummer about this toy is that our cats love it and think it is their toy . I have to kick them out of it all of the time and have caught them batting at the toys more than a few times . The mat is big enough for the baby and one of the cats , but not all three at the same time !
 we just bougth this playgym as a christmas gift for my 9 weeks old baby and he likes it a lot , the star is great with all the lights that play along with the music . He is not able yet to reach the toys but the two birds really have caught his attention . He still does not care about the mirror but I know this is only matter of time.I like the colors , the music , everything , he actually spends at least 10 minutes by himself everytime we place him in the mat.We did buy it at Target . Target and walmart carry this mat for 49 dollars .
 I cant rave about this enough . I was hesitant to buy because a friend of mine let me borrow her John Lennon play mat . I couldnt find my black and red one we got as a shower gift for my 2 year old . My 9 week old son was n't being stimulated by the John Lennon at all . Having great luck with ALL of the Baby Einstein products I went and bought it . We just got home and it is the first time I have ever seen my little one actually laugh out loud . It is beautiful , vibrant and my 2 yr old loves it too !!!!! I like the `` motion '' feature on the star , or the `` on '' switch just plays and plays . Definatly dont waste your money on other mats . . this is the one . Another fab product from Baby Einstein ...
 My husband & I love this playmat ! Our 2 month old has been enjoying it since she was about a month old . Her eyes light up when she hears the music & sees the twinkling lights . There are so many things/toys on it that she does n't know where to start ! I 'd choose this playmat over all the others out there - my mother even wants one for her own house for those times she babysits our little one !
 we bought this playmat for our 3 month old daughter Daniela and she absolutely loves it she can spend hours on it and before we had purchased this playmat she hated tummy time but now she cries when i take her off it the colors are beautiful and the toys are very nice and the star is the best it is easy to store no problem so do n't hesitate in buying this you will not be dissapointed i know we are n't
 I was so glad I received this as a gift because I otherwise would not have purchased it myself . However , if I knew how much my daughter loved this gym , I would have put it on my registry . I take this with me when going to visit family because it 's very easy to travel with and I find it very stimulating for my baby .
 We purchased this play gym before our baby was born . I thought that the price was kind of high , but I liked all of the dangling animals and the fact that it played music . I am so glad that we bought this ! My daughter is 3 weeks old and she is fascinated by this toy . She loves looking at the flashing star , and the red bird . I highly recommend this toy ! * I just wanted to add that my daughter is 3 months old now and she still loves this mat . She smiled and laughed for the first time on it ! Now that she is a little older she grabs and `` talks '' to the animals . I can honestly say that this is still one of her favorite toys , and I am so grateful that I got it for her .
 I love this gym because i bought it for my niece on a whim and she enjoyed it but i found that she started to kick the stereo equipment and other furniture . Baby Einstein should have come up with another way for it to play music . I love it but I still think parents should physically spend time with their child instead of sticking it with a toy .
 My best friends son is 4 months old and he LOVES his play mat and so do I ! I am with him almost everyday and he has never gotten bored of it . He got it at 3 months and has loved it from day 1 . He screams and coos for atleast 20 minutes at a time and if I am sitting with him squeaking the toys for him -LRB- since he ca n't reach them -RRB- he plays even longer . He loves the lights from the star and we put the mirror next to the star and he really likes that too . We always put it on the censor option and he figured out after playing on it one time that if he kicks the side it will play more music and light up . Listening to him coo is my favorite thing and any time I want to hear him I just lay him on his play mat . It is DEFINETLY worth the money !
 My son loved this gym and we used for his first 6 months -LRB- then he started rolling over and would roll off the gym -RRB- . We really like the design and the color scheme . The star on has an on/off setting and a motion sensor setting . Basically if it is on the motion sensor setting then it turns on when it senses movement from the baby or your hand . The hanging toys were durable and my son loved pulling on them .
 We bought this gym for my 2 month old , and at first he was n't interested , but now , at 3 months he just ca n't get enough of it ! He 'll lay under there for at least a good 30 minutes , which gives me a little break :-RRB- I recommend this for any 3 month and up !
 I have a very high needs baby . He can not stand to be put down for very long . But this mat held his attention for a full 20 mintues the very first time I put him down on it . He likes the musical star , although after a while it does overstimulate him , so I 'm glad I can take it off and put something else in its place . I do n't think he 's figured out he 's turning the music on , but he gets so excited he bats at the animals and the music comes on again for him , which makes him smile . I 've used 3 rings on each animal so he can reach them and swat at them . So far we only have the ladybug and duck on the bars . Like I said he gets overstimulated easily so he does n't need all the toys on at once.Sure , it only plays three songs , but then again our mobile only plays a few and our bouncey seat only plays a few . I mean really , what do we expect - a symphonic performance ? My son is perfectly happy with 3 songs and when he needs a change of pace , I turn on one of his CD 's .
 I got this at my baby shower , and I started using it when my daughter was 6 weeks old . She would stare at the animals and listen to the music.She continues loving it even now at 8 months old!I did add more links so she could reach all the toys and bring them to her mouth.We took it on a trip with us to Grandmas house , she loves it too . She 's now buying it for another grandbaby !
 $ 60 sounded like a lot to me but it 's THEE BEST toy for a newborn . Love it , love it , love it - it 's a must !
 Great mat with all of the cute characters from the videos . The music plays when the baby shakes or moves the animals . It keeps my daughter busy for some time . This is one of the best baby items I 've ever bought , I wish it was around when my son was an infant . The lights & music are not bad either , not nearly as annoying as I thought it would be . I would definately recommend this .
 My daughter started using this toy when she was 21/2 months old . She loves looking up at the star ... the lights and music really capture her attention . As she has grown she has been able to look at herself in the mirror , spend tummy time on the included pillow , pull and kick at the attached toys and even move the toy enough to get the music to play . She is now 4 months old and loves to spend time in it everyday .
 This play mat is great . My son has been using it since about 21/2 months . He LOVES it ! He smiles and kicks his arms and legs.He loves the Star and the beetle . You do have to re-start the music often but I believe it is a great way to make sure people are not leaving the child unattended for too long a period of time . I washed the matt 3 times already and so far it looks like it 's holding up okay . It also comes with a small pillow to sit the baby up on which is great for my son who has acid reflux . Overall it is a great toy .
 She just loves it . Granted ... I do n't have another one to compare this too , but my daughter has spent hours enjoying this . You can line up baby with the corners so s/he can kick and keep it going/lighting up with the movement . I must admit - I 've added more toys to it as I thought it could use a few more - but all in all - she loves it and so do I. And , I love that the lighted star at the top comes off - we recently went on a trip and I packed the star in my carry-on so baby could enjoy it on the plane . Worked great !
 We recieved as a shower gift . I didnt think our daughter would have much use for it untill she was older , but at 8.5 weeks she loooves it . She lays in the middle and we put the musical star on . She watches the lights and giggles ! She kicks her feet in joy and coos at the music . She is too young for the other toys for now , but im sure she will enjoy them as well .
 We have been lying our son on this mat since he was 2 weeks and it has grasped his attention every time . He has worked his way from 5-10 minute sessions at 2 weeks to 25 minute sessions at 5 weeks ! He loves the duck , the cardinal , and the lights on the star . This toy is wonderful because it teaches cause and effect by showing him that when he swings at the toys , the music will play and the lights will flash . This is his favorite toy . We are so thankful we received this as a gift .
 we bought this play gym for our daughter and she loves it ! She loves to stare at her reflection in the mirror and she jabber talks to the ladybug a lot . At first she was scared of the star that lights up and plays music , we think it was a bit too stimulating for a one month old , but now that she is three months old she enjoys it . When I need to take a shower or do other things around the house I place her on her gym and she is perfectly content . Baby einstein products are always great , worth the money !
 This is one of the best `` investment '' pieces I have purchased for my baby . I consider it an investment piece because it is intended to grow with a developing infant , and it does just that . The different settings on the music feature are very appropriate for babies of different ages with different attention spans . The motion feature allows your baby to `` kickstart '' the music , and this interactive feature is very important for babies learning to respond to as well as control their environments . The toys are diverse and include soft and squeaky toys for interest , a ring/rattle for grasping , a pocket with a flashcard -LRB- that can be changed with other flashcards or pictures that you may have around the home -RRB- for focus , a mirror and a lighted/musical star . All of these features can be rearranged for a change-of-setting for your baby , and you can swap the included toys for others and even buy additional rings to adjust the height of the toys . This is definitely a product that will developmentally stimulate your baby , and will entertain your baby throughout the first year of her/his life !
 My little guy loves this play gym . He is very responsive to the hanging toys and the music . He dances , talks and tries his best to hit the items dangling around him . The various patterns used are also really good at getting his attention and making him react . The pillow is another great feature that helps Lex , the baby , stregthen himself during tummy time since it can be used to help prop him up.I am so happy I got this because there is nothing better than watching your child be so happy and excited over something !
 I have twin boys , now about 5 months old . I bought this activity gym for them when they were around 2 months old , and they absolutely loved it ! At first , one of the boys was absolutely enamored with the motion-activated flashing lights , while the other did n't seem to care too much . Then my other boy became very interested in those lights ; he would stare at the lights with such focus and concentration that my husband and I swore he was probably trying to derive an equation to explain the pattern of the lights going on and off . Both boys would get really excited by the lights and the dangling toys , and would coo to the animals and lights . They both like kicking at the legs of the activity gym as well . My only real complaint about this gym is that the music seems a little loud ; it is n't too loud to us when we are standing or sitting near the gym , but when we get down in the gym with the boys -LRB- yes , we put our heads in there too sometimes ! -RRB- , the music is a little loud . We often use the gym with the music and lights turned off now , as they seem most interested in the dangling toys . This is good , since now after 3 months of daily use , the lights and music suddenly stopped going on -- we are not sure if we will be able to fix it . But I 'm still happy with this toy ; most mornings after the boys have woken up and eaten , we put them both in the activity gym together , side-by-side , and they are happy for a while . Many a time they have played in that gym until they fell asleep . I do n't have other gyms to compare this to , but I 've been very happy with this gym .
 My son is 7 weeks old and loves the music the star makes . The first time he played on this gym mat his attention was kept for a good 25 minutes . He loves it and so do I !
 My son Andrew loves the gym . The musical star is his favorite . He is 9 months and still enjoys it . I would recommend it without any hesitation . It is made well , colorful and interactive !
 My son just turned 4 months old and now loves this playmat ! He did n't really pay attention to the toys on it before , but now , he bats at the toys hanging , stares at himself in the mirrow and rolls all over the floor pad . Plus , I put a picture of our family in the little photo holder , and he looks at the a lot too . The only thing I did not like about it was the music maker . If you turn it on , it plays three little songs , then stops . You have to turn it off , then back on . Now that my son can shake the play mat , I can leave the music maker in `` motion '' mode , so when he shakes it , the music turns on ! I would encourage you to buy this product but not before a baby has an interest and can grasp toys and/or can roll !
 Our son loves the Baby Einstein Play Gym . We introduced it to him at about 7 weeks . He loves it ! We put him on it and he 's entertained for long periods of time . We put it on the `` motion '' mode so he activates the music and lights . Its so much fun to watch him kick the bars and move the toys to get the music and lights going . He smiles at it all the time . Its a must have in our opinion !
 Our son absolutely LOVES this play gym . He smiles , laughs , and talks at the light-up star , and enjoys batting the toys to make the music come on . The bright colors really hold his attention , and I like that I can move the toys around to change his view.The mat also washes easily and dries quickly . Highly recommended !
 My 4 month old loves her play gym . It 's easy and fast to setup or pack away . The mat is easy to wash and a good size for her . The toys are also flexible , so you can take the little stuffed birds with you or clip them on the gym . I just wish the star played a few more tunes .
 Our 10 week old son really likes this item as well - the colors are bright and there is a ton of things for him to look at . I had the same problem with the rods and I too saw the warning afterwards . I opened it about a week after having a c-section and the two rods slammed right into my sore stomach ! I thought I was going to die ! There is a warning on the outside of the package but I did n't notice it until it was too late . Besides that , the gym is great . Just be careful opening it !
 We just bought this for our 3 week old son . He loves it , and will stare up at it . I have to activate the star , which is fine for now . I think the size of the mat is fine , especially for a newborn , and older baby can sit up on it . I chose this one over others because of the bright colors and the pillow . All in all , a GREAT product . However ... Be very careful when opening it . I opened it , and the rods went flying across the room , hitting my daughter in the head . She was n't hurt , but it sure was n't expected . As I was setting up the rods , I saw a warning tag on the end of one
 My 5 month old son loves this play gym . We got it for him when he was 3 months old , and while he stared at it , I think it was too much for him at first . Now , at 5 months , he grabs , pulls , swats , laughs , and has learned to roll from his back to his stomach to reach the toys and to look at the mat . The mat is easily washable . . my only complaint would be that the colors really look faded after one wash.It 's a great learning toy !
 I purchased this for my 8 week old daughter , and it arrived today . Set it up for her right away and put her in it . She loves it !!!! She played for a good half hour waving her arms , kicking her feet at the little dangles , smiling at the musical star , and cooing . Brought it back out after dinner , and happy days all over again . The only other time I 've seen her this excited is when she 's playing with Daddy .
 We took this out for our daughter when she was five weeks old . She absolutely loved it right from the start ! It did n't take her long to learn how to bat at the hanging animals and make them `` fly '' . She gets so excited when her motion turns on the music . This activity gym is so visually stimulating with great looking stuffed animals . It is definitely our favorite toy !
 I received this at my baby shower and my little girl just loves it . She is just facinated with the star that lights up and plays music . The music is great too ! I have even put the star on her car seat handle to entertain her in the car . She can stare at it forever . I only wish it would play longer without having to start it again . I have a very active little one that always needs to be entertained and this helps out so I might get a bight of food in once in a while . I highly recomend this ! She is 21/2 months old and has loved it from the start .
 My 11-week old daughter absolutely loves this gym ! At first , she was n't too excited about it - it only held her attention for a few minutes . But over the last 6 weeks she has fallen in love with the musical star -LRB- she smiles and coos -RRB- and has started to bat at & hold on to the toys . I like the fact that you can raise or lower the toys with the extra links , and I have also purchased different toys by other manufacturers that are easily slipped into the loops on the toy bar for variety . She loves the motion setting -LRB- she kicks & starts the toy herself -RRB- and the music & lights are actually very entertaining . Overall , this is the best purchase I have made for her to date .
 When my daughter was 2 weeks old my husband could n't wait to placed her in the play gym . I did n't think she was ready for it , but sure enough she laid there and stared at the lights and listened to the music . She 's now 4 months old and still loves it ! The music and lights holds her attention and I love that it can be motion actived . My daughter will swing her hand at the one of the hanging toys and the music turns on without me constantly having to switch the button . I definitely recommend this toy for all new parents !
 My 11 week old son loves this play gym ! It has cute , colorful toys and playful music . Two thumbs up !
 My daughter is in LOVE w/the musical star ! She loves the flashing lights and the music . We bought this for her at about 11/2 months , she 's now almost 3 months old . She gets `` happy feet '' , `` talks '' and reaches for all the items . The pillow is great for tummy time . She does n't like being on her tummy , but the pillow lifts her up so she can check out all the animals on the mat . Only issue - I had to buy extra rings -LRB- Sassy -RRB- so I could get the items closer to her so she could reach for them . This is expensive , but worth the cost !
 I bought this when my son was 3 weeks old . He just loved to lie there watching the star . It would keep his attention . Then once he was able to grab for things I 'd move some of the items around . He is 3 months old now and is still playing with it . I love all of the Baby Einstein products . This was worth the money !
 This a very good activity gym . I bought it for my daughter when she was 2.5 months old . She loves the textured animals , and also the mirror although it is distorting . She loves the musical star , but not really the music , but the flashing lights . The vinyl book is also her favorite .
 My daughter LOVED this play gym . She would talk and smile and laugh whenever I turned the music on . Something about the smiling star and the flashing lights kept her attention for long periods of time . I rated it only a 4 star though because she only used it for about 4 months -LRB- she 's rolling now and does n't stay on it -RRB- and it 's kind of expensive to only use for a short period of time . It is good quality and has held up , though , so I will use for the next baby .
 I bought this activity mat for my daughter when she was about a month old . Right from the start , she loved the classical music and lights . Now , at almost four months old , she spends half an hour on it every night before storyime and bed.But there are two things that made me give it four stars instead of five . The first is that even at four months , she is still not able to kick-start the motion activated music and lights . Either my husband or I have to tap the thing to get it started . Also , the rings that hold the dangling toys are too far away for younger babies . We had to put three rings together before she could actually touch the toys . But she absolutely adores those toys , especially the ladybug!While this mat is a bit expensive , it is definitely worth the cost .
 There are n't many toys for newborns . My baby started playing in his gym at almost 2 months . He spends hours at a time batting the little bird.All the characters are colorful and friendly . He loves the music . I have the Gymni zoo/jungle but I would only recommend this one . It 's easy to wash and fold . The music and lights are above the baby to see.On the Gymni the baby has to be on his tummy to see the lights . Your baby can grow with this toy.The gym is n't over stimulating for newborns but stimulating enough for older babies.I really love this product and I hope this review helps .
 I chose this playmat over the Gyminis because the musical star can be turned off -LRB- for those moms who have enough of the musical toys . -RRB- The star in the center can be set to play continuosly , or on babies motion or turned off ! The light were a big attraction for my daughter . Also , the small green pillow is great for tummy time propping . Unlike the gymini , this can be set up 2 ways - regular with the bars parallel so it folds quick and easy for fast cleanup and later criss crossed so it doesnt collapse on older kids . My daugter is now 8 months and still spends the majority of the day on it . The plastic book is one of her all time favorite toys . And now that shes older she pulls the links apart and teethes on them.As for the bunny photo - put your photo in there so baby sees you even when you are away .
 I love this gym -- and so does my son ! The arches are sturdy -- I attached 4 more of my own toys with the extra links they supplied and it does n't bend . I like how it is & quot ; educational & quot ; in nature -- the book , picture frame and animals on the mat are great for teaching baby . The music mobile can be played when baby touches anything on the mat , or it can be played in timer mode . Another plus of this gym in the support pillow that comes with it -- looks like half of a boppy pillow . It 's great for tummy time.I also have the Tiny Love Deluxe Gymini but prefer the Baby Einstein . The arches on the Einstein gym are higher so the dangling toys do n't hit my son like they do on the Tiny Love gym . This is a great play gym !!!
 The activity gym is nice and bright and happy . Its only shortcoming is that the mat is a bit thin , making it necessary to use a heavy blanket underneath if you 're using it on hard floors/surfaces .
 This play gym is outstanding . We started using it when our son was about 6 weeks old and he is now 6 months old and he loves it . I have found that so many baby items that you purchase are only used for a month or two but this item is still being used at 6 months ! Its a great buy !
 This product was a gift , so I ca n't review it . It was not for me .
 maybe the con struct can be improved-like where to put the piece with the light
 i bought them toy and tested them but it t ` werent the softest thang I boought.I bought it for myself but it were n't the same size as them yankees advertised ! dang ` old ma.i done been cheated ! billy , daddy needs his truck boy.I done been stoled of my hard-earned buckarOOS
 Normally I do n't take the time to write reviews , but as I was browsing a friend 's registry I saw that she had registered for this and had to comment.This toy is definitely worth the money ! I purchased this mat when my son was 2 months old and he loved it -- right from the beginning . He is now 7 months old and he still plays on it . The hanging birds and rattles captivated him . The ring structure also accomodates all other forms of ring toys -LRB- such as link-a-dos etc. -RRB- so you can introduce variety . The add-a-ring feature also allows you to raise and lower the toys as your child grows . My son would play for 45 mins . at a time on this mat -- allowing for showers , meals etc. for a busy mom .
 My 2 month old absolutely loves this gym . He is captivated by the flashing lights on the star . He keeps the music going by kicking the gym . He 's also beginning to reach for the other hanging objects and enjoys looking at himself in the mirror . The product is great ... it gives mommy a little time to herself while baby is happily entertained .
 My two-month old daughter loves this activity gym . She adores the musical star - it was the first toy she showed any interest in at all . She smiles and laughs at it whenever it plays music . She loves batting at the toys , too . I highly reccommend this activity gym .
 What I like about it :1 . Easy to tear down for laundering the blanket2 . Lots of `` links '' to move the toys around - keeps things interesting3 . We can put other small toys on the links for added variety4 . She loved it laying down , and now that she 's sitting up , she still loves itWhat I do n't like about it :1 . The blanket looks faded after just a few washings -LRB- cold water , delicate cycle , with Dreft -RRB- 2 . The volume on the musical star is pretty loud and only plays 3 songs , which gets on your nerves after a while3 . The open-ended design of the links causes them to stretch easily when your baby grabs a toy and yanks on it - ours now look more like the letter `` C '' than like a chain linkOverall , we like it , but if I had it to do over again I might research play gyms a bit more . This one was kind of expensive -LRB- we paid $ 50 -RRB- , and I think we could have found something a little better if we had n't been so excited about the Baby Einstein name .
 We originally set this gym up for our son when we moved into our new house , and had nowhere to put him -LRB- he was 3 weeks old -RRB- . As time went on , it just became convient to put him on the mat , close to us . It was really fun to watch him grow into all the toys ! He started by just swinging his arms , and finally has learned to grab and interact with the toys ! He loves the star in the middle . He could spend all day talking to that thing alone ! He loves this gym so much that we take it everywhere we go . I highly suggest this gym for any baby ! It is something that us or the baby could n't live without !
 I started using this with my twin boys when they were approximately 2 months old . They loved it , especially the musical star with the lights . It was a real lifesaver when I needed a break from holding a baby to be able to put him in the gym for a few minutes . The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five is that the carrying case is ridiculous - it opens from the bottom -LRB- handle is on the top with a foldover flap at the bottom that is velcroed in place -RRB- so the gym has a tendency to fall out if you use the carrying case a lot and the plastic weakens . Otherwise , a great product .
 My daughter loves this toy . She has enjoyed it since she was about 4 weeks old . It keeps her occupied for up to 45 min at a time . She gets very excited by the flashing lights and loves to kick the bars on the motion setting . The only bad thing is that the batteries wear out every few days .
 This is my daughter 's favorite thing to do ! She loves it !! At first , she noticed the flashing smiling sun toy , then she began to notice the hanging rattles , the mirror , and she even loves the bunny picture ! This is the ultimate play gym , and I highly recommend it ! Plus , it travels very easily - we 've taken it out of town several times . It was a Godsend , and takes up very little space ! That counts for a lot when you are traveling with an infant ! My daughter also loves the bright colors . Get it , get it , get it !!!!
 My child received this product as a gift when he was 3 weeks old . He absoulutly loved it from the start . The first day he got it he was able to sit by himself for at least 15 minutes . I was able to get some things done and have a minute to myself . He loved looking at the star and learned very quickly that when he kicked the bars that the music turned back on . The motion dectecter is great . This is the best gift I recieved . My son also liked to kick and pick up the bars with his feet . It was amazing to watch . My son is now 5 months old and is always on the go so the gift is kind of wearing itself out but once in a while he will still lay down and watch the star . It is also nice because the toys can detach . He loves chewing on the birds beak . The only downfall is that the batteries do n't last that long . I would reccamend this product because without it I would not have survived those first few months of parenting .
 I am so happy i bought this play mat ! We first put our daughter ella under when she was about a week old , and she loved it ! She spends hours looking up at all the toys , and i am even ablt to hang our own toys with the extra links it came with . The arches are so stable , and we love the pillow for babies head . Well worth the money !
 My 2 month old son loves this mat ! He is usually very fussy when he is left alone for play time in his swing or on one of his other mats . When I put him on this , however , he will stay about 10 minutes -LRB- sometimes longer ! -RRB- giggling at the musical star . Its great because my older son loves to `` read '' to him all of the animal names . Its the first toy they 've played with together ! Like most of the other Einstein products , this one gets Kudos !
 My baby loves this gym ! It was 100 % worth the money . My only complaint is that it does n't wash particularly well . Maybe I 'm the only one whose baby spits up on things , but after washing the floor mat twice , the colors are significantly faded and the filler bunched up a bit . Now I put a burp cloth under her when she uses it so I do n't have to wash it as often . But I would n't trade it , just wish it was a little more color fast .
 My daughter has been using this gym since she was one week old . She is now three months and will play underneath it as long as 30 minutes . This has been her favorite toy and everyday she finds something different to explore and entertain her . Excellent buy .
 It 's just great ! Our baby is only 2.5 months old , and she loves it already . There is a huge variety of things , and the colors are just beautiful . It 's very educational ! Our baby just loves looking at the animals/toys and the colors . Great item !
 My husband and I -LRB- and especially our son -RRB- love Baby Einstein products from the dvds to the soft blocks . But this play gym takes the cake!The bright cheerful colors , and the adorable toys are so visually stimulating . Baby loves to bat at them , look at the squishy book , kick at the bars and make the music and lights start up ... it is a never-ending source of fun and entertainment . * Birth-6wks it 's a great toy for tummy-time and for baby to enjoy the lights and music . * 6-12wks baby learns to kick and pull to make the music start . * 12-20wks baby is enticed to roll over , pull on toys , reach and stretch . * 20wks + it 's a wonderful entertainment and a way for mom to get a quick break.WE LOVE THIS GYM !!!
 I purchased this toy when my little girl was 3 weeks old . She is now 5 months old and still LOVES it . She gazes at the blinking lights on the stars . She also likes the animals that dangle from above . We used the pillow that came with the toy to give our little girl tummy time when she was a newborn . I think it was a great purchase and would definately recommend it to anyone with a newborn baby .
 Great Gym !!! My 2 month old loves this toy . The minute he lies under the star and the music and lights are turned on , he coos , smiles and laughs . He kicks and swings his arms at the hanging objects and loves to watch himself in the mirror . This gym is a little pricier then some , but I believe it is well worth the money -LRB- as are most Baby Einstein products . -RRB-
 My baby started loving this activity gym at about 3 weeks old . Now 7 weeks old , she truly loves it ! The mirror , the hanging plush toys that are brightly colored , the music she makes when she plays with these items , all keep her occupied and definitely entertained for several minutes at a time . Changing the positions of the hanging items is very easy and very stimulating for the baby . She quite often smiles and coos when she 's playing with this gym . Strongly Recommend .
 We have this product for our son ... he likes it ... and loves to kick and hit at the items . Esp . the items that rattle ... . he is still to young to be able to enjoy the other toys . This product is top of the line for interesting toys , and stimulation . However , I do find the repetitive nature and the choice of songs used on this product to be some what annoying.So ... a tip for other parents ... what I do is . . place my son on the mat to play ... and play baby einstein cd 's or dvds at the same time ... so that I do n't have to deal with hearing the same three annoying tunes over and over !
 My son loves this item . He is 6 weeks old and just loves the colors , sounds and lights . It is worth every penny . However , one minor snag ... the star that plays music and has flashing lights got stuck after a few weeks of use and wo n't play all the songs anymore . Could be just mine ... I have to inquire about a replacement piece since he loves this so much .
 I have a 10 week old son who is extremely fussy and colicky . For the first 6 weeks of his life , I could n't put him down -LRB- awake -RRB- without him screaming and crying . Then I borrowed the Baby Einstein Playgym from a friend to see what he thought , and I ended up ordering one that day ! My son LOVES it , especially the musical star that lights up . He can lay down and be captivated by it for 30 minutes or more sometimes !! My fussy little sweetheart kicks his legs and waves his arms and is so excited when he watches the star . I used 4 of the links to make the ladybug reach down to his arms , and he can even activate the star when I put it on `` motion activated '' . What a lifesaver this toy has been for me -- I can actually take a shower or unload the dishwasher without having to listen to a screaming baby !! : -RRB-
 My daughter loved this toy , especially the star -- the lights and music were a hit . The star held her attention for good periods of time and made her smile and laugh a lot . The other toys were great for a time also , fun to look at when I made them squeak or rattle for her . The only problem -- as I read in another review -- is that it was only interesting until about 4 or 5 months of age . The links are not strong enough to stand up to a lot of pulling , and the toys are only interesting as far as the baby can hold and chew on them . A friend has the Gymini by Tiny Love and her son is still playing with it at 7 months . The toys on it are more interactive , and the mat is larger to continue to hold babies who are rolling over . While this play gym is GREAT for a few months , another may hold you over longer .
 This is a great toy . My daughter loves the hanging toys . They can be moved around , and toys can be added . I bought mine off of ebay for half the price including shipping and was in PERFECT SHAPE . No matter the price it is well worth it . The musical star has many settings , lights up and my daughter loves it and laughs all the time.She has been on it since 2months and she is now 5months . It is nice and soft , as well as the toys and pillow.She is able to pull and twist herself around on it using the dome like bars , I have no worry of something falling on her.She responded to the bright colors very early on.I could go on and on , I wish this was around when my now 7yr old son was a baby . I think this item beats any of the FisherPrice toys in this catagory .
 My little girl has loved this since she was a month old , now she is about five months and loves to grab the toys and make the music start !! As far as the picture of the rabbit another review talks about , you can put any picture you want in there ... at least that is what the directions say . Make sure you keep the case that the play mat comes in so that you can talk it place easily . I am so happy that I went with this even though it costs a little more !!!
 This gym is a very useful tool . My daughter loved it right from the beginning ! Of course compared to the other gyms out on the market it is quite expensive . I think it is mainly because of the star . It is the best feature and my girl loved to stare and flirt with it the whole time she was on it ! I like the fact that you can put it on a setting where the star only plays a song once there has been movement on the mat . My daughter would scooch herself close to the bars so that she could kick them , making the star light up and sing . At 5 months she still loves it , but she does roll off it every now and then . She also loves all the toys that come with it . I actually use some of them on her carseat when we go out.Since this is a toy that they will only use for a short while maybe spending that much money on it is not that reasonable , but it is a wonderful toy if you can spare the money.I also like the fisher price ocean wonders play mat which is at grandma 's house . That you can turn into a tunnel for when they start crawling , so it has more longevity to it .
 This play gym is a brightly colored and entertaining area for your baby to play . The mat has pictures of animals on it and has various toys dangling about for baby to reach for . It comes with a soft , padded star that lights up and plays snippets of classical music as well . The star can be turned off or you can use motion activated if you like . The one thing I did was strap the star on one of the side poles instead of in the middle just because I worried that the velcro may come loose and the star would fall onto the baby . -LRB- Even though it is soft , it is heavy because of the batteries . -RRB- This play mat is very easy to pack and transport which was great if you needed a safe haven for your little one . Also , found it very easy to clean . Just throw in wash and that was it .
 We love this product!Our son is two months old , and we 've been using this gym for one month now . We first tried the tiny love -LRB- black , red and white -RRB- gym and our son was n't interested.I was n't impressed either . It was boring , and had only a few toys . We thought it might have been his young age , but when we put him under this one , he loved it ! A friend also recommended we get this gym . The colors are so bright , and our son loves to look at the large faces on the animals/toys . He also loves the musical star with the smiling face.The motion sensor is a great idea . I think that the headrest -LRB- pillow -RRB- that came with the gym is great for our son who has reflux and is n't supposed to lay flat after eating . It props him up just enough.We use this gym a few times a day , and every time it brings a HUGE smile to our son 's face.The mat easily comes on and off for washing too , which is a plus ! This was a great gift .
 From the moment my 2.5 months old girl experience her new play pen she just love it . In particular , the light at the top of the unit which plays music with flashing lights , draws her attention a lot . I would recommend this unit to any new parent .
 I bought this particular playmat for my daughter -LRB- 10wks -RRB- because of the bold colors and the fact that this mat plays music and has lights . I have not been disappointed she loves it and will actually stay content long enough for me to get some things done !! The size of the mat also makes it very portable . I have two boys who always want to be around her , so the size of the mat will fit in the portable crib or pack in play and keep her out of harms way .
 My DS loved this play gym . On occasion he would actually fall asleep right on the mat ! Its very colorful and again he loved the `` music box '' with all the lights .
 My husband loves the baby Einstein products , so even though this mat was a little more expensive than others , we bought it . I am so glad that we did , because my son loves it SO much ! The music is n't annoying , and my son loves the lights on it . He is crawling now so he does n't spend too much time on it any more , but he does play with the toys . It sure did come in handy before he started crawling though!It is easy to wash , and does n't take up too much room . I would recommend this mat !
 This has been a priceless piece of `` baby gear '' for us . Whenever our son has been a little fussy or needs to be entertained , this does the trick . He especially loves the star that plays music and lights up . He is 41/2 months old now and so now we take the star and put it on the side of the crib while we shower or whatever and he also likes it on his Exersaucer . The star alone was worth all the money on this . I highly recommend it !
 My daughter enjoyed this gym for several months , and it is now being enjoyed by a neighbor . It comes with a pillow somewhat similar to a small Boppy . It is great for tummy time . I did not purchase this gym , it was a gift . It is quite pricey for what it is . Most babies I would think would be as happy with a less expensive alternative .
 This play gym is great . It comes with a wonderful pillow to put under baby 's head or under their arms on their tummies . The musical star also lights up and keeps baby very busy ! You can arrange the hanging toys any way you like and the mat is a very good size for young babies . We use ours everyday !
 My 3-week old loves the Baby Einstein Play Gym ! She loves to lay down and look at all the colors . She even kicks the bar to make the music start ! I love it as well ! It allows me to get down on the floor with her and spend time with her ! So far , I love all of the Baby Einstein items that we have purchased !
 My daughter is now 6 months old . She started using the gym at about 2 months . In the begining she could n't touch anything , so she was more interested in the star . This started to blink and sing when we would stimulate the gym . We attached some link-a-dos to make toys more accesible to her . She started to bat at them . I watched her grow . From batting , to reaching and cross-reaching with her hands . We took the link-a-dos away now , because she can actually reach the toys . This is one of her favorite toys . Lately , she started to pull on the bars and pulls the toy over her . It 's not hurting her , but we need to be around so she wo n't get scared of being hidden under the mat . I think she outgrew the toy :-LRB- I would recommend this toy to anyone who wants some piece of mind ; to a mommy that wants to do somethings for herself while the baby enjoys her or himself . Anyways , great toy .
 My son did n't really get into this until about 21/2 months , but now he just LOVES it , especially the musical star with lights ... it gets more smiles than we do ! He 's also really vocal whenever he 's playing here , it 's a real delight to watch !
 We have had this playmat since my son was born and he LOVES it ! At first he would just lay and look at the toys and we would turn the musical star on for him but now that he is active he kicks and grabs and can set the musical star off by himself with the motion setting and he ca n't get enough of it . He loves the dangling toys , especially the cardinal and all of the velcro attachments . His favorite is the musical star that plays music and lights up.It is also easy to clean , you can throw the mat in the washer and dryer -LRB- even though the tag says not to put it in the dryer I have n't had a problem -RRB- . The toy attachments can also be thrown in the washer and dryer for easy cleaning.I strongly recommend this play mat , it is by far a great investment that will keep your infant entertained for hours at a time .
 We registered for this and received it as a shower gift . My daughter loved the musical star from the moment I laid her on the mat . Unfortunately , the motion sensor did not work . I called the manufacturer , and they sent me a new one . The customer service rep was very helpful . The new star works great , and now that my daughter is almost 6 months old , she still loves it . She does roll into the gym bars now that she is more mobile , but she still loves swatting at the toys . She has discovered how to pull hard enough so extra links will come off into her hands , and seems to smile as if she 's proud of herself . I ca n't compare this to other gyms , but so far this has served its purpose . Once they start rolling all over , the size of the mat will not be significant .
 My son loved this play gym as a newborn , and still loves playing with the detachable toys as a toddler .
 My son absolutely loves this toy ! He can spend what seems like hours just laughing and looking at the star . He really enjoys his time on this playmat . It was a great shower gift from a couple of friends . I highly recommend this playmat .
 He absolutely loves this playmat . He can spend 20 minutes there easily at one time ! He smiles , talks to the star and blinking lights and kicks the side bars like crazy to make the music play . A great toy !
 Our baby loves this play gym ! When he was younger , he used to love looking at the lights on the star . Now that he is older -LRB- 7 months -RRB- he loves to play with all the colorful toys dangling from the bars . There are cute little creatures that make noise when squeezed and rattled . This gym was a good investment .
 My baby loves her play gym ! It 's colorful and she loves the mirror and rattles and all the accessories . The couple of issues I have with it are not major . First , I had to tear 23 tags off all the little do-dads and the mat and such . 23 ! -LRB- They are really stiff tags so I did n't want her to scratch herself with them -RRB- The star that lights up and plays songs is great for tummy time ... it gives her something to look at . But there is no volume control , and it seems a little loud -LRB- she 's scared herself awake when she moves it and it starts playing the music -RRB- . I also feel it 's a little pricey for what it is . If I had n't received it as a shower gift , I 'd never have purchased it myself .
 My baby started using this at 2 months old . She loves the music and the lights that come from the star - she likes this so much , that now at 4 months , we decided to take it to daycare with her .
 I purchased this play gym for my 3 month old son and he absolutely adores it . I have another play gym that was my toddlers but it isnt nearly as fun and interesting as the Baby Einstein Play gym . My son loves batting the toys around and looking at himself in the mirror . He also loves to take naps under the little flashing musical star . The Play Gym is very colorful and easy to store or take with you on trips to grandma 's house . I highly recommend this item if you are looking for a fun play gym for your little one .
 My 3 month old absolutely loves this activity mat , mostly the activity star that lights up and plays music . He just smiles and laughs at the star like crazy !
 Very nice , lots for baby to look at and nice size to lay baby on . Sems very durable .
 this is great item to stimulate your baby ! my son loves this and cant get enough of !!!!!!!!
 Our son is 3.5 months old and absolutely loves this play mat . I was a little skeptical after reading some reviews referencing the activation of the star -LRB- by shaking/hitting -RRB- and claims that the star no longer lit up or played music . However , the bright lights and music were present in our product . Our son also loves the mirror and dangling red bird with grip . My son has had no problem activating the star , he simply kicks one of the arches and it has functioned every time . While the 10 songs can get annoying after hearing them for a half hour straight , there is much more variety than other musical baby toys we 've experienced.The only problem I 've encountered , which is rather insignificant , is occasionally one of the rings holding the cat/dog picture will fall off of it 's attachment area . However , this is generally after moving the mat from 1 room to another , so perhaps the shaking positions the rings to be more vulnerable to detaching.I think the bright colors and real-life pictures are great perks . I would highly recommend this product if you 'd enjoy a few minutes to get some house work done , but still keep your child in sight and entertained !
 My daughter used this for about 6 months and found it to be quite entertaining . We also have an activity mat by Fisher Price , but this one was her favorite . The music star plays wonderful classics and it can be placed on a mode that only plays music if it is bumped . The little flat discs with the animal pictures were a favorite . In fact , even now , when we go to the doctor and we use those as a ` comfort focus object ' for her shots ! She no longer uses the mat , but she uses the toys that came with it . The links are fun to pull apart and the mirror is easy to hold . Great product ! Oh and the music star is n't too loud that you have to worry about causing hearing loss !
 I purchased the gym for my new granddaughter . I really did n't expect any reaction from her because she is only 6 weeks old . To my surprise she layed on the colorful cover kicking and stretching for the longest time . She seems to be looking at the toys hanging on it . I ca n't wait to watch her progress into trying to reach for the colorful , cute toys .
 I got this for my son when he was about 2 months old . Instantly he was entranced by the star 's lights and music . Now , at 3.5 months , he loves hitting and grabbing the hanging toys . The really nice thing about it is that you can remove the star and attach it to the car seat or stroller for entertainment while out and about . It 's been a great toy for him to play with independently . He can spend over 30 mins at a time playing by himself . The loops also let you change the toys frequently to prevent boredom . I would recommend this product to anyone having a baby . We 've already gotten our money 's worth out of it .
 From day one , my little boy has loved this play mat . When he was just a few weeks old , the flashing lights were `` amazing '' to him . Now that he 's 3 months , he still to this day loves it , he grabs the rings and still loves the lights . A must have for all newborns .
 Baby loves it -- bright colors , great interaction ! Highly Recommend ! Price is comparable to stores ... a bit better if you get the free shipping !
 I agree with other reviewers that these are the best bottles , especially if you are transitioning from breastfeeding to bottle-feeding . My newborn took to these instantly and easily gets her formula now from the wide-neck , wide nipple bottles . I recommend the wide-mouth over the standard bottles because the patented reservoir system sits inside the bottle , instead of on top , preventing spills . And because the wide nipples are what my 2-month-old takes the best . We love these bottles and recommend them to everyone !
 My son has had acid reflux since he was a few days old , and after dealing with 2 months of severe spitting up I finally saw an ad in a magazine and bought these bottles . What a lifesaver they have been ! Within days , he was spitting up less and had less gas too . It was such a noticeable difference that it had to be the bottles . I could tell using Dr. Brown 's that my son was n't taking in as much air as he was with the Avent bottles we had been using . I do suggest , however , that you read carefully and follow the directions included with these bottles . For example , if you are going to put them in a bottle warmer , you MUST take the nipple off first or the liquid becomes piping hot and even explodes through the top . Other than that , they are very easy to care for . I thought cleaning them was no more difficult than any other bottles ... the extra steps are worth it to me .
 If anyone has a baby that spits up , you have to get this bottle . My son is 4 months old now and at about 4 weeks old we found out that he has acid reflux and the flap in his stomach does n't close , so we have to thicken his milk with cereal and sit him up for an hour after he eats . we started out with the playtex nurser bottles to reduce the intake of air , because the more he has to burp the more he spits up because of the stomach problem . I just found the Dr. browns bottles about a week ago and the change it has made is just amazing , he does n't spit up anything like he did before , so i could n't imagine how it would be with a baby that did n't have his problem . i used to change his clothes about 7 or 8 times a day and now it 's about 2 times.He also takes either the wide neck or regular , he does n't seem to care which one i feed him from . But if you have a spitty baby you have to get these bottles , they are a must .
 We stared my son on a bottle of breast milk at 15 days old . He had no problem switching between the wide neck bottle and the breast . Now my husband can feed him when he gets home from work . So far , my son has n't experienced any gas or spitup . As for the extra effort to clean the parts , it only takes about a minute longer so it 's really no big deal to me . I 'd recommend these to anyone who is breastfeeding and wants to introduce a bottle in addition to the breast.UPDATE
 My son used to wake up crying in between his every nap because of gas pain , and spit up after every feeding . I have tried the avent bottle . It did n't solve the problem until I tried the wide neck Dr. Brown bottle . My son does n't spit up or wake up crying any more . Like the all other reviwers said , it is a pain to clean but it is worth it ! BE AWARE
 These are great !! I have tried Ventaire , playtex nursers , avent etc. and these were the only bottles that have made a noticeable difference in my daughter 's reflux and vomiting !! They will leak when you travel if you do n't put the plastic piece in between the vent and the nipple , but once you learn that you have it made . I did have a slight problem with lumps clogging the vent but she is on special formulas that do not mix well . These are worth every penny , and as far as cleaning I do n't even notice the extra time anymore .
 My son is three months old and while I nurse him most of the time , I also give him bottles . I have tried every bottle out there ... just like the other reviewers . This is the only bottle I 've found that reduces HOW MUCH he spits up . HAVING SAID THAT , I do n't know if it 's because of these bottles or because his digestive system is getting more mature , but he does n't seem to spit up as much . He STILL spits up though . So , I think if you want to try a bottle that reduces your baby from swallowing too much air , this would be the one . WARNING
 My baby 's pediatrician recommended this bottle to me and it truly is a bubble and air free experience for your little one . He no longer gushes out formula and kicks his legs in pain due to gas . In response to the Moms who say they still had trouble with spitting up on Dr. Brown bottles
 These bottles are wonderful . I will never use any other brand again and would recommend them to anyone . Our son was born 4 weeks early and not only has reflux but also problems with food emptying his stomach . We started with playtex , went to avent but still had constant problems with him spitting up and not being able to get all the gas off his stomach . I read about these bottles on line and decided to give them a try . With in a few days the change was amazing . Less gas , easier -LRB- and faster -RRB- to burp and less spit up . I do n't mind a few extra parts to clean and if you READ the directions and follow them you should have NO problems at all . Mine have never leaked . One piece of advice ... Babies R Us stores -LRB- in Texas -RRB- have a hard time keeping them in stock . -LRB- tells you how good they work huh ! -RRB- Call before you venture to the store ... if they do n't have it in stock try Babies R Us online . They are cheaper than directly from the manufactuer .
 5 months old and no colic , no spit ups . These bottles are great . You could shake them and in seconds the bubbles disapear . While you feed your little one watch and be amazed as there are no bubbles . It takes a while to clean them . You just got ta do it when your little one is asleep !
 Our daughter has severe acid reflux that has been treated with medication since she was a month old . And she 's on lactofree formula . But even with the meds and special formula she still had a terrible time with gas and spitting up until we found these!We started with Avent and loved them until we found the Playtex Ventaire but Dr. Brown 's beats them both hands down ! They stopped her spitting up and gas almost instantly and she is now coming off of her medication . They work wonderfully!All the pieces are a pain to keep up with and the dishwasher rarely gets the inserts clean but they are well worth the handwashing . We also had trouble finding the replacement parts for the wide neck bottles . But we were able to orer some directly from the company . Also make sure not to overfill them or they will leak.But the pros far outweigh all of the cons !
 Simply put , these bottles are the best . No colic , spitting up or crankieness because of gas . Do n't be misled by the other reviewers that complain of too many parts , it 's not rocket science , it a baby bottle . It takes no time to assemble and they 're easy to wash.These worked wonderfully for our son , we wo n't use any other type of bottle .
 I breast feed our son , now 3 months old , and have pumped my milk from the beginning . We started him out with Avent bottles and had nothing but problems . The bottles leaked and the nipple , even the smallest size , tended to release too much milk . For the first few weeks of our son 's life he had milk all over his face when he ate and he looked like a drunken sailor ! He also had a problem with gas and spitting up and we went through a gallon of Mylicon . We tried other bottles , Evenflo etc. and once we used the Dr. Brown 's bottles our problems were solved ! We have not used a drop of Mylicon since we got them ! There are no probelms with gas or spitting up . As for cleaning , I prefer to hand wash all bottles just to make sure they are really , really clean so I do n't mind the extra pieces . These bottles are worth every penny !
 I switched from Avent to these and it was the best thing I could have done for my child . My child no longer has such a fussy time sputtering , gagging , gassing on leaky Avent bottles.I disagree with the people saying they are hard to clean . Actually , they require effort to clean them ! Putting bottles in heat above 140 degrees or a dishwasher releases the chemical in the plastic called Bisphenol A . So handwash your bottles anyway!That would be my criticism , I with these were made of the same material the Baby b Free bottles that HandiCraft has in Europe .
 It seemed like i tried them all !! I went from Avent , to evenflo , to playtex ... I was starting to think that i just had to deal with leaky bottles and gassy babies . Until i heard about these bottles . I didnt believe all the hipe at first , but once i tried them I was hooked !! No more fussy baby after that ! They do not leak , -LRB- as long as you dont twist the top on to tight -RRB- and our daughter takes to them like no other bottle ! If you want a great bottle that will reduce spit-up and gassy babies this is it !!
 I bought those bottles , and though they require some extra work as far as the cleaning and the assembling is concerned , they were very good with gas!Yes , they sometimes leak , but so does every bottle on the market , believe me , I tried them all , particularly Avent!I do n't know if you can do something for your gassy baby , but I definitely do n't understand all this hype about Avent bottles , for instance . They seem , as my mom put it , as any regular bottle , they do n't seem to filter the gas at all.It might be that my baby is less gassy than others and I am blessed -LRB- but I wake every two hours to feed my baby girl , so there , you have it ! -RRB- but at least they attempt to , because they look more different than others.Playtex were n't bad either , but Avent , come on ?! Just regular `` European '' bottles ! I come from Europe , so try harder to impress me!The Dr. Brown 's bottles are very easy to hold , esp . during the night , they are good with gas , or at least attempt to , nicely built and leak less than other ! The shape of the nipple is the one that ressemble the most , I would say , to the shape of the breast nipple ! Only by buying them , you can decide if they work for you or not!But it worked for us , it seems logical for the babies to be less gassy since these bottles come with a filter for air !!! Amy Leea
 hi , I always buy books and music from amazon and is to bad for me , that amazon ca n't send this products to chile . I had already bought this bottles in my country , where are very much expensive and difficult to find.amazon should find the way to send other stuff to other countries , like this great bottles . my baby uses every day and we did n't have any problem . no colic or gas problem . is fantastic if you have to give her-him your own milk -LRB- I use the avent extractor -RRB- or industrial milk for babies.thanks!a.o .
 These are the best bottles . NO air bubbles gets in and the transition from breast to bottle is a breeze . No leaking at all -LRB- unlike avent -RRB- . If you read the directions , you should have no problems . The extra parts only take an extra second to clean . They are worth the extra money .
 My 3 week old son had severe gas , I had read the other reviews and decided to try these bottles . I got the starter set with 2 4oz and 1 8 0z bottles in the wide neck version . They are wonderful ! Cleaning them is not a problem at all , and I have no problems with leakage whatsoever ! My son loves the nipple and has no problems eating . His gas went down to almost nothing , and he actually sleeps well now between feedings !! I would highly reccomend these bottles to anyone whos baby has excessive gas .
 My daughter is three months old and has severe colic . I started with Avent bottles which I thought were horrible . I then tried Playtex Vent Aire which we still use for nighttime feedings and are happy with those . After speaking to another mom whose baby had colic , she recommended Dr. Brown 's bottles . I rushed to the store to get them . Although they certainly do n't cure colic , they do help with excessive gas . The only cure for colic is time . My daughter goes back and forth between the wide neck and the standard bottles and has never had difficulty adjusting to the different nipple sizes . I still have her on the size 1 nipple even at three months because she is a fast eater and she has no problems getting the formula fast enough . I would highly recommend these bottles if you have a baby with feeding difficulties or colic .
 My now 31/2 month old daughter was so hungry in the morning she would drink her bottles so fast she would automaticly throw the whole thing up . Until someone recommended the Dr. Browns bottles . Since we started using them she has not thrown up once . They are great bottles . I wish I bought them in the first place .
 AFTER CHANGING FORMULA 3 TIMES , WE DECIDED TO CHANGE THE BOTTLE BRAND FROM AVENT TO DR. BROWNS . WHAT A DIFFERENCE ! MY SON NO LONGER SCREAMS WITH GAS PAIN , NO LONGER NEEDS TUMMY DROPS AFTER EACH BOTTLE , NO LONGER CHOKES FROM A FAST FLOWING NIPPLE , AND THESE BOTTLES DO NOT LEAK ! WAY WORTH A FEW MINUTES EXTRA CLEAN UP TIME ! WE JUST LOVE THEM !
 We started with the Avent bottles ... they leaked everywhere and the baby was screaming in pain , arching his back , etc from gas . Within 2 days he was a different baby ! There are alot of pieces to wash , but it 's well worth it .
 My son used to wake up crying in between his every nap because of gas pain , and spit up after every feeding . I have tried the avent bottle . It did n't solve the problem until I tried the wide neck Dr. Brown bottle . My son does n't spit up or wake up crying any more . Like the all other reviwers said , it is a pain to clean but it is worth it!BE AWARE
 My daughter was a preemie and needed to be supplemented by bottle-feeding . I initially chose Avent bottles and had problems with her spitting up excessively . My pediatrician had gotten information about Dr. Brown 's bottles online , purchased one and presented it to me at my daughter 's 2-month wellbaby checkup . That weekend I went out and purchased 6 more of these bottles.The design can be intimidating with the vacuum insert and the tiny cleaning brush , but after about a week , cleaning these bottles just becomes another task you do for your little one.I absolutely recommend these bottles for two important reasons :1 . You will notice less spit-up and gas using Dr. Brown 's bottles . I do n't believe these results will vary from child to child , I believe this to be a certainty because of the insert .2 . Though my daughter still experienced mild colic -LRB- as preemie 's are prone to do -RRB- her episodes were not nearly as bad as stories from friends about their children . Because latest conventional wisdom attributes colic to gas , I believe these bottles kept her episodes to a minimum.I do n't believe the price of these bottles is unreasonable -LRB- the Avent bottles actually cost a bit more -RRB- and again , if you are using another brand of bottle , you -LRB- and more importantly your baby -RRB- will see the difference . Nor have I experienced any problem with leakage . Do not overfill the bottles and this wo n't be a problem.As a single , full-time working mom , I can honestly say these bottles are well worth the money and the -LRB- negligible -RRB- additional cleaning time !
 I went through three types of bottles with my second child , and these were by far the best . I have never had a nipple colapse on one of these bottles , and I had that problem with the Avent bottles for some reason . These bottles are a little more time consuming to wash , but they are well worth it .
 My son had pretty bad reflux and we tried every big time popular bottle and then I remembered I got this as a sample at a baby show . I used it and could n't believe what a difference it made on my son 's reflux and gas . He was n't swallowing all that air that made him so miserable.For any parent who has a baby with colic , gas etc ; I say give this bottle a try . IT 's a little more expensive but so worth it . If I have any more kids I will use them with that child also .
 This is the only bottle we use . It does reduce gassiness/colic in our baby . They are expensive , but worth it . Dishwasher safe which is great . I highly recommend !
 I love this bottle . My son was very fussy and gassy . I was using Avent bottles at first , and he could n't latch onto the nipples . Then we tried Platex disposibles . He would gulp and scream and leak milk all over.As soon as I tried Dr. Brown 's , most of his feeding problems disappeared . He did n't leak nearly as much . He spit up less , and most importantly he had MUCH less gas and slept better.Yesterday , my husband tried the Avent bottle again . My son screamed all night with gas pains . NEVER AGAIN . We are sticking to Dr. Browns from here on out .
 CONCLUSION
 I started out breatfeeding my newborn and never thought of even needing bottles , but the first night when my milk was n't there , we needed a bottle . We had received some Avent as gifts so we used those which were OK but we had to burb about every 1/2 oz , so after reading a lot of the reviews we switched to Dr. Browns and had much better luck . We now burp him about 2 times for a 6oz feed -LRB- he 's 3 mos now -RRB- . The # 1 nipples worked great with a newborn with less `` mouth mess '' than the Avents.We started on the 4 oz but now e eats more than that and we use the 8oz wide bottles -LRB- easier to heat in most bottle warmers -RRB- . We have n't had the need to replace any parts including the nipples which we will be replacing soon only to move up to a # 2 size.They do leak if you heat a sealed bottle the pressure will cause the milk to rise up in the tube -- to fix this just slightly unscrew the bottle before heating and then tighten before feeding . And they wash fine in the dishwasher -LRB- you can sanitize them afterwards if your diswasher does n't get hot enough -RRB- - and they are relatively easy to clean by hand unless you are using breastmilk -- the fat does tend to stick to the small parts making them harder to clean unless they are rinsed immediately -LRB- again the dishwasher solves this problem -RRB- . I really love them and will use them again with our second child .
 At first , I HATED these bottles , although they are GREAT for gassy twins , they were just annoying me so much!First of all , its more-likely that YOU are doing something incorectly , not the bottle . When you travel with them , you NEED to use the white disk that comes with a purchase of the bottles to keep the liquid from going into the vent and leaking . OR you can purchase the new travel caps , but carrying around the vent and vent insert seperatly was too annoying , so we stick with the white disks . Okay , so that solves the annoying leaks while traveling , but what about making formula ? We either -LRB- a -RRB- use pre-made formula , and just pour it in , or -LRB- b -RRB- we make a pitcher of formula from powder , and then pour it into the bottles . This saves time , and money -LRB- pre-made formula is more expensive -RRB- . Or if you are expressing breastmilk , you can either -LRB- a -RRB- shake it in another off-brand bottle , or -LRB- b -RRB- stir it inside the bottle . You CAN NOT shake these bottles , unless you have the white disk in -LRB- do not forget to remove it before feeding your baby ! -RRB- . Okay , so that was my mistake as well , but what about CLEANING ?! First of all , you do not need those thin brushes they provide , atleast we found a way to work around them . We put the dirty bottle into hot soapy water , whether its 3 minutes after a feeding , or if it has been sitting in my diaper bag for an hour or more . We let them sit for about 10-15 minutes , enough time for me to get the laundry done ! Then I use a SPONGEY bottle brush to wipe out the gunk in the bottle , and use a nipple brush for the nipples . The vent and vent insert are just rinsed off , and then we throw em in the dishwasher . They come out beautifully clean , and it really isnt too much work . Also , the wide-neck bottles are easier to clean with a bottle brush , and my boys like the nipple better , so I suggest buying 1 or 2 of each -LRB- the wide necks and the regulars -RRB- so you can see which your baby prefers . by the way , the reason the nipples on the regualar 8 oz Dr.Browns are different than those on the wide-necks are because they are different styles . Most bottles have a few nipple shapes you can purchase , along with different flow speeds . Thats like what this is , only the two nipples arent interchangable . Oh , dont bother with any bottle lower than8 oz , as they are expensive bottles and the 4 oz ones dont last more than a month or two . These bottles -LRB- like many reviewers say -RRB- reduce gas , or help with reflux -LRB- along with the mycolin drops -RRB- and are a true blessing ! Maybe they can come out with a lower maitenence bottle , but for now , Dr.Browns rank supreme in gas elimintaion -LRB- if your baby isnt really too gassy , try the ventaires , they are pretty good too , but the Dr.Browns are better -RRB- .
 My baby has reflux . It has been an uphill battle finding formula and medication to help control her problem . These bottles are a great addition to the arsenal combating the problem . They do n't add to the overload on her poor tummy by by allowing excess air in . I 've experimented with Playtex nursers , Avent nursers , and regular bottles trying to find something that would help and not add to the problem . After an unfortunate incident wherein I managed to pop the bag in the Playtex nurser while attempting to release excess air , the baby managing to collapse the nipple on the Avent , and a terrible vomiting episode after using the regular bottles , Dr. Brown 's have been a God Send .
 I switched to Dr. Browns after having registered for Ventaires b/c I thought they would be good enough for relieving bubbles in the bottle to prevent gas . NOPE ! The bubbles were awful but once I got the Dr. Browns my sons gas got much better . There are never any bubbles for him to swallow . Great bottles ! I love them but I will admit that all the parts do get annoying to wash . It 's all worth it my son not having gas and reflux!I 'd recommend them to everyone !
 I have a 10 month old son who has several medical problems , including stomach problems . I bought these bottles at the reccomendation of his gastroenterologist -LRB- stomach Dr -RRB- and have been mommy to a lil guy who is no longer in severe pain due to gas after every feeding . They are convenient for travel as well . Save your money on the rest of the bottles out there and go right for what works .
 I 'm a twin mommy who is now on her THIRD brand of bottles . My boys have a lot of gas , acid reflux , and severe spit-up . They also get fussy during a feeding - except when I use the Dr. Brown 's bottles . I started with Playtex nursers , then Avent , and I finally gave in and bought these . I would n't buy them originally because of the extra parts to wash but it really takes NO TIME to do -LRB- and I 'm a multiple Mom and say this with confidence -RRB- . My advice to new Moms is to ignore what you think are `` negatives '' about bottles -LRB- i.e. extra parts to wash -RRB- , buy a couple of different kinds in the beginning , and find out what helps your baby -LRB- ies -RRB- the best !!!
 I had intended to breastfeed my baby , but it did n't work out for various reasons so we switched to formula . I wanted to get the best bottles for him that would be the closest to breastfeeding . I start with the Avent bottles that came with my pump , but they made the formula foam up and the nipples are really hard . Then I read about Dr. Browns and gave them a whirl . What great bottles . I never get the foam and bubbles . He does n't spit up as often . He does n't get nearly as much air in his tummy.We went with the wide-neck bottles for ease of cleaning and because they are closest to breast feeding . He has no problem with it and never has trouble eating from them . The nipples are much less firm as well , which he really likes.One thing I should mention is that we ended up having to switch to the level 2 nipple when he was 2 months old because the level 1 just did n't flow fast enough . He would be tired after 2 oz because it was so difficult to get the milk out . According to the package , Level 2 is for babies 3 months and more , but you may need to switch earlier as well .
 These are the BEST BOTTLES out there ... I have tried the Playtex Premium nursers , and the Avent system ... all caused my 2-week old baby girl lots of discomfort due to air bubbles and gas . She had to be held upright for an hour or more after nursing -LRB- I 'm pumping breat milk -RRB- . The Dr. Brown Wide Neck bottles have eliminated all of that , and she is ` sleeping like a baby ' right now ! YEAH !!! They are NOT DIFFICULT TO CLEAN ... an extra second or two is all . I also recommend the Especially for Baby Bottle warmer which works perfectly with the bottles . TRY THEM !
 My experience is that When my baby drinh milk these bottles she no produced gaceas or very few , the bad thing is it uncomfortable to wash
 When my son was still on forumla , he had gassy stomach pains and problems up until I was given a set of Dr. Johns bottles as a gift from a friend . She did n't know what a real lifesaver she gave me ! We had no more nights of fussiness and sleeplessness due to stomach/gas pains after we started using these bottles , started out with the smaller bottles and I agree with a few of the other reviews , would be best to just go straight to the 8oz size but these are great bottles , I have recommended them to many friends and nurses as well , and I just ca n't say enough about how much these bottles helped my lil guy . If your baby is having stomach pains and you are looking for an end to the tears and sleepless nights , go with Dr. Johns ! Well worth the extra $ $ paid for themselves time and time again .
 I bought 3 sets of these bottles for my two grandsons . The first had collic & it helped him . The second has acid reflux & the Dr. recommened when he saw what type bottle he was on to keep him on them . I wish they had been available when my two boys were born.Thanks Mrs.K
 Bought these bottles after bouts of colic with my son . He is now already 14 weeks old . I have been holding off buying these bottles which i have read about due to the fact that i had already invested in avent bottles , sterilisers , etc. -LRB- I have about 20 avent bottles which i now regret buying -RRB- However I gave in and purchased these after my son 's last colic episode which left him crying in pain for 4 hours straight . He had no trouble switching to these bottles and seemed more relaxed at feeding time . I have noticed a difference and the colic has lessened . However , it does take more time and patience in dealing with the cleaning , assembly , and formula mixing required for these bottles.Nevertheless , I have been able to solve the problem of not being able to shake formula in the bottle by taking the bottle and NOT shaking it , BUT rolling vigorously between my palms while keeping the bottle upright . It does prevent the liquid from travelling up the tube vent which causes the leaks . Of course , this method of mixing formula also takes longer than merely shaking the bottle , but at least i dont have to premake formula nor stir it with a spoon in the bottle which can sonetimes be unsanitary .
 I also tried every bottle and these were worth the time and money . They reduced my baby 's gas and colic . I recommend them to every new mom .
 I bought this bottles for my newborn daugther , and at first we were amaze because she never had colic or gas -LRB- just minimun -RRB- . But now , 3 months later , she still doesnt have any gas or colic , so its the same if she drinks from dr brown or avent . So now I change to avent , because they are easier to clean , bigger , the caps are better and all the avent products grow with your baby , so now I am an extrictly avent mom .
 At 4 weeks old , my daughter starting crying incessantly in the evenings for up to 4 hours . As first time parents we were scared that she might have the case of the colic and most literature say not to worry and it would go away by her third month of life . As any parents know , that was not a comforting thought . I thought I tried a couple of different bottles . I was switching between breastfeedng and bottle feeding . Of all the bottles I tried , Dr. Browns bottle is by far superior to the others if you find that your baby is having problems with gas and burping . It definitely helped our baby and her crying definitely decreased . It is definitely worth a try for your child if you are having problems . I bought one 4 oz bottle and within a week found myself only using that bottle to feed her . I now own 4 4oz bottles and 3 8 oz bottles . Leakage will occur if you warm the bottle with the top on . You need to remove the top to allow steam to escape for proper function of the bottle when feeding . Although there are a lot of pieces to clean , I say that it is worth it if it keeps your baby more comfortable and gives you peace of mind .
 These bottles are the best . We tried them all - Playtex , Advent Etc and for less gas and less fussing these worked ! They are a must have for nursing mom 's ! My son was much more acceptable of the nipple on these bottles than any of the others we tried !
 I returned all my Avent -LRB- unused -RRB- bottles and nipples and traded them in for Dr Brown 's . They are much better as far as gas goes . We had a very difficult time burping my son and someone suggested these bottles and it changed his and our life . I 've now upgraded to the 8 oz bottles !
 I love these bottles we tried them all the expensive ones the cheap ones I mean every one we could find ... Avent , Playtex etc. . . My daughter was colicky , gassy & has problems with milk leaking out the corners of her mouth . . I intended on breastfeeding exclusively but after jaundice , & weight gain we decided to supplement . When we started her on formula she spit up A LOT . We tried the Avent first since they were highly recommended but milk would spill out the corners of her mouth . Same thing happended with most the other bottles to different degrees . We were told since she was breastfeeding her sucking could cause this . We switched to the Dr Browns and they worked really well . She had terrible gas problems that would keep her crying for hours but when we switched to Dr. Browns that seemed to help a lot . I will say we also went through 4 formulas before settling on Nestle Carnation but the combo of that and the Dr. Browns seems to be best for her .
 Try keeping the cap loose when you warm up the contents of the bottle . If not , the design of this bottle allows formula/milk to rise up in the middle tube - this is being percieved as `` evaporation '' by you . Do n't put away a good bottle ... go ahead and use it ...
 For the few extra dollars for sets of these bottles , it 's worth it . The prevention of gas bubbles -LRB- and more crying ! -RRB- is PRICELESS .
 My baby had AWEFUL gas when she was first born ... . i bought SOOO many different kinds of bottles when breast feeding didnt work out ... none of them made any difference . then i finally got these ... omg it was like night and day . no more pains , no more crying , no more spitting up etc. ... they were GREAT !!! now however , she is 5 months , and not suffering from gas anymore , and im SOOO Sick of cleaning these bottles !!! UGH !!! i use the tiny brush on EVERY speck of the brown part ... but there is still slimy yellow stuff . :-LRB- i can not seem to get them CLEAN !! -LRB- i dont have a dishwasher -RRB- i also saw another review that said you couldnt shake these ... i shake them all the time ... shake shake shake , mix up the formula , then i loosen the top , so the formula goes back down the straw , then tighten it again , and feed . ive NEVER had it leak on me . all in all ... they are great for when baby is small and gassy ... but i think as they grow , you get sick of it , and its not as neccessary , now i have to find another good bottle , with a nice fast nipple like these , that is easy to clean . :-LRB- avents make her spit up STILL !!!
 The bottles have many parts to clean , but they are worth it . The bottles have helped reduce my baby 's gas and spitting up .
 These are the best bottles . When I used to brestfeed my baby and he would get a lot of gas , it has never happened with these bottles . No air bubbles gets in and had not probles with the transition from breast to bottle . Read the instructions and you will not have problems with leaks . It takes more time to clean them , but they are worth it .
 We tried the Avent with our first son -LRB- now almost two -RRB- and then with our newborn . Our first had so many problems with spitting up and gas , I wish we would have known about these bottles ahead of time . They seem to cut down on the bubbles and therefore , alot of the gas . And I think they are just as easy to clean , more parts , but I did n't think it took any more time .
 DR. BROWN 'S BOTTLES-Pros :1 . No more suction `` pulling '' and noises , as with other bottles such as Avent which can be annoying and frustrating for both baby and mommy . These bottles are suction-free .2 . Less gassy baby , though gas still not completely eliminated .3 . Nipple is much softer than on other bottles , more like actual breast feeding , and more comfortable for the baby to suck on .4 . Less frequent spitting up , but again , spitting up will still occur with these bottles.Cons :1 . Hassle to clean and time consuming .2 . More expensive than other bottles .3 . Leak !!!! These bottles can not be shaken , and can not be warmed up with the nipples attached , or they will boil over and leak like mad . Make sure you remove the nipple and ring before you heat the bottle ! Attach it after !!!! 4 . The cap is annoying to snap on and off -LRB- wide bottles only -RRB- . The plastic is a little too hard and tight .5 . If you 're on-the-go , it is hard to fill the bottle and handle all of the parts if you do n't have a clean surface to put the parts down on .6 . Take longer to heat than other bottles . I do n't know why but it must have something to do with the plastic , which seems thicker than on other bottles.I GIVE IT 4 STARS BECAUSE IT IS N'T PERFECT . BUT I SUPPOSE IT 'S THE BEST OF WHAT 'S CURRENTLY OUT IN THE MARKET.NOTE
 I almost did n't buy these due to the comments regarding the leaking problems . However , I took a chance and am so happy I did . Bottles are wonderful !!! My baby is breast-fed and I also supplement with formula . I chose the wide neck and she is very happy taking the nipples . Before Dr. Brown bottles - she would cry every day with pains in her belly from gas and had a problem with spitting up . I am happy to report that neither are a problem since we have purchased them . I have not had any problems with leaking - and - I do not think the extra parts are a big deal to wash or put together . Besides , they are worth it if it helps sooth your baby .
 My son is now 5 months old . We started off with the Avent bottles at birth , but at 2 weeks old we discovered he had a severe case of acid reflux and colic . So , in a effort to find anything that would help the problem we switched to Dr. Brown 's bottles . These bottles have been a life saver for us . I have also used the standard Dr. Brown 's bottle and never had a problem . We had to put cereal and various medicines in my son 's bottle at an early age so the wide neck made it much easier to add the much needed items . I currently own about 15-20 of these bottles and I have never had a problem with leaking or with the nipples collapsing . They have been wonderful ! Well worth the money and the added effort to clean !
 i researched bottles for quiet some time before my little girl was born . after finding such fantastic reviews on these bottles i started with them from the very beginning . my mom swears by the bottles having fed 2 babies on regular bottles and recalling how terrible our gas was and how much we spit up.another great testimonial
 Unfortunately , I was only about to bf my son for about 2 weeks until we had to switch to formula feeding . We tried everything . Started at the regular evenflo , went to the playtex , then the avent , and it seemed like no matter what we did , he just threw everything up . He started dropping weight and we freaked . My mother walked into babies r us and said , `` I want the best bottle here . Period . '' The sales clerk handed her a 3 pack of the Dr Brown 's wide neck 8 oz bottles and that did the trick . My baby is no longer gassy and whiny . He does still spit up a little on occassion ... but he 's a baby . They tend to do that.Overall , I would recommend the Dr Brown 's bottles , wholeheartedly . I just wish we would 've found them before I spent so much money on all the other bottles we got .
 I registered and received two kinds of bottles ... Dr. Brown 's wide-neck and Avent . I have tried both with my newborn -LRB- who 's soley drinking EBM -RRB- and you can see / hear the difference immediately . There are definite `` bubbles '' when my daughter uses the Avent bottles . No bubbles at all with Dr. Brown 's . I have n't had any problems with leakage . True that there are additional parts to clean , but it does not take long and I would rather spend a few extra minutes cleaning bottle parts than worrying about excess gas.All in all , I * HIGHLY RECOMMEND * these bottles . I personally think they 're great and baby seems to agree . She rarely spits up and if at all , just a tiny bit ... so apparently the bottles are doing what they 're supposed to do .
 These bottles worked great for my second son , who suffered terrible gas pains and spitting up . While the Avent bottles were fine for my first son , my new baby used to drink from them so fast that he would have episodes of projectile vomiting . As soon as I switched to Dr. Brown 's , he became a happier , more content baby . He actually seems to enjoy feeding ... and he hardly even spits up ! They are worth every penny .
 I just wanted to write and say that my baby thank god is not colicky ... yet ... but perhaps these bottles have something to do with that . My son is a month old , and he is doing great on these bottles ! I highly recommend them , and as for the previous review written by swineset.The bottles will leak when heated IF you do not unscrew the cap slightly , and let the milk/pressure out of the resevoir . I called Dr. Brown directly , and the people there were so very helpful , and they told me that you have to do that , they actually recommended that you do not warm the bottles with the pieces in them.So , I have an Avent bottle warmer -LRB- which is great -RRB- and i take the bottles apart and warm it without the pieces . It may sound like a pain ... but it really is n't ... and it 's well worth it for your baby ... do n't you think ??
 We 've been using these since my son was 3 days old and have never had a problem with spitting up or excessive gas pain . I received a set of 3 at my baby shower -LRB- I had n't even registered for them -RRB- . During the first couple of days my son was home , we were still using the pre-filled Enfamil bottles from the hospital . Every time I laid my son down , he got fussy . I could burp him & he 'd be fine for a while but it just seemed like he had to be burped all the time . We started using the Dr. Brown bottles and could tell a difference immediately.Yes , they are a little more time-consuming to clean but having a happy baby is well worth the effort . A dishwasher basket helps a lot with the cleaning . I just throw the collar & insert into the bottom of the basket , put the nipples on the top of the basket -LRB- which is designed to hold nipples -RRB- and put the stem part in the silverware basket.The only problem I have is with the way they 're packaged . The 8 oz Wide Neck should be sold with EITHER Level 1 or Level 2 nipples . We just bought another 3 pack AND had to spend an additional $ 4.00 on Level 2 nipples for them - the Level 1 that came with the bottle are basically worthless to us now . That 's the only reason I 'd rate this product as a 4 instead of a 5 .
 Thanks for your information.As the comment from my friends , the bottle material is vert important for my child.So I wonder the material of bottle.But the information of your products , I can not find any information of material.Please let me know the material is PES -LRB- polyethersulfone -RRB- or not.Best regards .
 My son has reflux , and since the time he was born whenever we fed him he would grunt and wiggle and squirm . He spit up half his bottle when we burped him . . and he was very tough to burp , even though he suffered from terrible gas.My friend recommended Dr. Browns bottles , and I tried them . My son stopped grunting , stopped wiggling , has almost no gas , is very easy to burp , and most importantly . . is keeping his formula down.I reccomend these bottles to all my friends !
 Overall great bottle . Has two internal pieces -LRB- along with nipple and cap -RRB- so if you are the type of person who does not like to spend an extra 40 seconds cleaning to potentially provide your newborn with greater comfort , do not buy . I 've read the 1 star reviews ... most of the complaints have to do with leaky bottles . As for the reviews where the bottle did no good or the baby spat up more after a 3 day trial
 These bottles are a true must have ! They are the only worthwhile bottles on the market and are well worth the extra price as well as the extra time to wash . They really limit the gas intake and we never had an issue with leaking bottles , like so many other brands . It is a bit of a hassle to get all the pieces in the dishwasher . I like the wide neck bottles because they are closer to breast feeding and when my son got older , it was easier for him to hold the bottle on his own .
 We purchased these bottles for my 2nd child . She had gas from day 1 . She was fussy all the time . You could tell her belly was hurting her . We switched to these bottles and she has been a totally different child every since . She is much happier.I have to add that what works for one child may not work for another . We tried these with my 1st child who had acid reflux and they did not work for him . We used the bottle 2 times and both times he through up every bit of the formula we fed him with it . The first time we did not know it was the bottle , the second time we made the connection . We switched him back to his old bottles -LRB- Gerber triangle shaped ones -RRB- and it stopped.I would suggest buying one and trying it because it did help my daughter . We have been happy parents that get sleep at night every since we started using them for her .
 I really like these bottles , reduces air and gas in babies and can also help you to stir formula . Fantastic best on the market I feel .
 These are simply the best bottles . As far as the leaks go ... you probably have the cap screwed down TOO tight ... that is what happened to us ... loosen it a little and voila ... no more leaks .
 I tried several different bottles with my daughter and these have worked wonderfully for us . We actually came across them when Walmart stopped carrying the Parent 's Choice Anti Colic bottles we had been using which are similar in design.These bottles really seem to decrease the amount of air my daughter takes in while she 's feeding . This is a blessing as she has had problems with gas since birth . She also has reflux . I ca n't tell you if the bottles are a major factor in her improvement in that area because she is now on meds . However , I have to think they 've helped a bit . They are also comfy to hold for me.I 've read a lot of reviews that talk about leaking . I had this problem once and that was because I heated the bottle with the valve system in it . So , I learned to not do so and have not had a problem since.They are a bit pricy , but I believe that you get what you pay for.Lastly , I do n't think that the small parts are difficult to wash . Yes , it 's a bit more time consuming if you do n't have a dish washer , but for us , it 's been well worth the extra time !
 I have used lots of different bottles with my two kids . These bottles were by far the very best at venting to keep the air at a minimum in the babies tummy . Yes , they are a pain to wash but after switching to Evenflo glass bottles due to the plastic bottle scare currently in the news I have had tons of problems with Evenflo nipples . I have bought three different packages and all have at least one defective nipple in the package -LRB- they are not venting and the nipple collapes - supposedly they are designed not to do this -RRB- . Evenflo is supposed to be sending me one replacement package but it still hasnt arrived ! I havent told them yet about two more packages of nipples that also contain defective nipples . With all the pains of nipples collapsing while using glass bottles from Evenflo I think I would rather just go through the pain of washing the Dr Browns -LRB- our pediatrician said she had no concerns about the plastic bottle scares -RRB- . I have never had a problem before with nipples collapsing in the Dr Browns or the Avent bottles I have used . Stay away from Evenflo as their Quality Assurance department is not even close to Dr Browns !
 When my son was born , we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers , including Evenflo , Triflow , Avent , etc. . Dr Brown 's bottles really are the best in preventing gas , bottle leakage , and flow problems . We ended up throwing all other bottles away . I had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash , but I do n't really have a problem with that . We do n't have a dishwasher and I end up hand washing everything . Each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles ; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves . I can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes -LRB- perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap -RRB- . As to some reviewers complaints about leakage , it 's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and I 've found that if I unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put the tube back in -LRB- basically reassembling the bottle -RRB- , the problem is resolved . The adjustment takes less than a minute and like I said , I 've only had it happen once or twice . Otherwise the bottles , nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples . When we first bought the bottles , we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and ended up returning them because we never needed them . So , my only suggestions are1 . hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them -LRB- or at least do n't open the package until you need to -RRB- and2 . to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles . We started off with the 4 oz bottles and now , at 3 months old , our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding . So , we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger size .
 I am on baby boy # 2 and I wish I had these from day one with # 1 . No more balled up babies clinching anything due to tummie pain . Worth the money !!! Avent , Evenflo , Gerber , Playtex all have nothing going for them ... Go ahead pay for something that actually does what it claims and throw the gas drops out the door !!! You will be amazed at the change in your little one ... The word colic would n't exist if everyone used these!We are a one income family & money is tight but this makes for a happier mommie and daddy when baby is not in pain and sleeps better ! Just buy three like we did and clean and rotate them out . We keep a bowl by the sink and clean all the parts . . Bought a Avent microwave sterilizer off of ebay we sterilize the parts . It 's so worth the extra time ... Think about your worse gas pains ... your poor baby is suffering cause you ca n't save a buck here and there and get the good bottles ... ask grandma ... : - -RRB-
 I started out with the playtex premium nurser which I thought would be wonderful since they are supposed to be the most like breastfeeding . Well my daughter was spitting up at least 50 % of each bottle . I went online and did some research and found Dr. Browns . What a difference !! From the first feeding she had almost stopped spitting up , and now it is a very rare occurance . I also have no need for gas drops anymore . Yes , they are more expensive , and take longer to clean , but my baby is worth it ! Plus I LOVE the wide neck feature . To bad it is so difficult to locate the wide neck version , and when you can find them , they are almost always sold out .
 These bottles br Dr Brown are miracle bottles all brands should be designed off these bottles . They are great for coilic problems but all babies should use these bottles . You know when your feeding your baby with a regualr bottle and as their feeding all those bubbles that trickle in from the nipple your baby is digesting those bubbles , giving them gas or causing them to spit up . Well Dr Browns has the resevior in the middle to eliminate the air / bubbles from mixing with the formula to prevent your baby from digesting it . The bottles are also designed to prevent nipple collapse , it aslo prevents fluid in the ear which will prevent your baby from getting ear infections . I have a daycare with infants from 8 weeks-12months . I do not use any of these bottles but these . Rememember to purchase extra nipples when you buy these bottles as they only come stage 1 nipples . The nipples come in 3 stages and a Y - cut/cereal nipple as well . YOu can get the bottles in wide neck or standard size bottles . The cleaning of these is NOT HARD at all , take me mabey 10-15 seconds extra per bottles and easy to clean with the tiny wand brush that comes free with the bottles . I always rinse them out after each use anyways . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you mix your formula in apitcher ahead of time or purchase one of those hand held formula mixers to mix the formula . You can not shake the formula in these bottles . I wouldmt recommened you do it in any bottle as this is how air / gas bubbles get inside the formula for baby to digest . If you microwave these bottles remove the lid and resevior as the gasses from microwaving wiill be trapped in the formula . Do not overfill the bottles past 8oz or the resevior will not work correctly . Only use the Dr browns nipples no other brand with these bottles . PLEASE USE these bottles on your child even if you have no current problems with your baby . Also you can purchase these at Babies R us , or online at Dr browns website and Walmart carries them to . $ 12.99 for a 3 pack of bottles in not expensive when it comes to your babies comfort .
 I was given a Dr. Brown 's bottle as a shower gift and am so glad that I got it!When I stopped breastfeeding I started using 4 oz . Avent bottles for several reasons . First , because I ended up with 8 of them after purchasing other Avent products and second , because the lactation consultant that taught my breastfeeding class recommended them stating they were more like the breast.When I started looking at purchasing larger 8 oz . bottles I remembered that I had received a Dr. Brown 's bottle and decided to try it to see if my daughter would take it . The wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the Avent ones . My daughter `` smacks '' a lot when she nurses and subsequently takes in a lot of air . She spit up often and would sometimes spit up what looked like half her bottle when she had trouble burping . She took the Dr. Brown 's bottle instantly and so I decided to buy a few more and switch for a week or two to see if there was any benefit . I 'm so glad that I did!Once I got past the fact that the bottle looked as big as my daughter 's head -LRB- the 8 oz . wide-mouth bottles are very large ! -RRB- , I realized that she was burping much more easily and hardly spitting up at all.I truly believe the benefits of using this bottle outweigh the extra parts you have to clean . After doing some research I discovered that one of the main reasons bottle-fed babies get more ear infections is because of the `` vacuum effect '' traditional bottles have . As the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle . This also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems . The baby also has to frequently break the latch -LRB- and the nipple collapses at a certain point of pressure which causes them to unlatch -RRB- so that the pressure can equalize in the bottle . This causes them to take in more air . Now , when my daughter is really hungry , she can take practically the whole bottle without ever having to break her latch!I really like the nipples as well . They are much thinner than the Avent ones and mold better to my baby 's mouth . I suppose this is because the Avent ones have to be thicker and stronger to resist collapsing under pressure?Others have stated that leaking is a problem . They WILL leak only if :1 -RRB- you heat them without loosening the top -LRB- collar/nipple -RRB- 2 -RRB- you travel with them without putting the disk in the top designed to keep them from leakingDo n't do these things and you should n't have any problems.I definitely recommed you at least try these . I will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms ! I do recommend the wide-mouth bottles rather than the skinnier ones if your baby has been breast-fed for an easier transition .
 Let me tell you I loved using the avent bottles there are great easy to clean and unique , but all of those features could n't help my 4 month old son . My son was constantly crying and would not stop and to top it off he was a coliky baby . So I decided to switch to Dr. Browns wide neck they are terrific , not only it stop my son fron crying , it help him sleep better , suck in less gas and burp faster . I agree with the other reviewers you need more time to clean but that 's no biggie . They are also good enough to fit in my avent sterilizer.Magnificent bottles highly recommended .
 My husband and I purchased Avent bottles for our newborn after doing our research for the best bottles in helping minimize gas , colic etc. . . Yikes ! Needless to say , we were HIGHLY disappointed with Avent . By the recommendation of our pediatrician , we went out and bought a new set of Dr. Brown 's bottles -- kine of pricey , but WORTH every penny !! With Avent , my son was getting super gassy and colicky . He would cry so hard with gas pains that he 'd clinch his little fists , crunch his little legs to his tummy and practically go hoarse . Burping , mylicon and gripe water did n't even help . Our days and nights were sleepless -- he would n't nap because he was crying -- and our nights would average about 3-4 hours of sleep . Now , with Dr. Brown 's -- our son is a NEW little man . He STILL gets gas , but not like he did with the Avent bottles . All it takes is a couple of little pats on his back and he gives us a couple of good burps and he 's out into LA LA land -- he 's now able to take his naps and has been sleeping anywhere from 6-8 hours through the night now for the past 2 weeks -- and he 's only 1 month old . : -RRB- For some reason , when he was feeding from the Avent , he would suck uncontrollably , I 'd see lots of bubbles in his bottle and in the nipple and I could hear him sucking all that air in . With Dr. Brown 's , he has WAY more controlled sucking , it 's much more rhythmic and no air bubbles in the nipple!MANY thumbs up for Dr. Brown 's !
 I love all the Dr. Brown 's bottles . My son has never had any problems with colic , excessive spit up or gas . I attribute this to these bottles . He was even great on these when switching between bottle and breast - no problems . When I had to use other bottles in a pinch , he was n't happy eating.Our microwave is too small to warm the standard 8 ounce in . The wide neck , 8 ounce bottles are perfect . They achieve exactly what I need them to in all areas.The only cons about Dr. Brown 's bottles are that our son has a hard time feeding from any other bottle . This bottle is so effective that on the occasions he has used different bottles , he did n't know to let go to let air fill up the bottom of the bottle . It was frustrating , and we had to keep breaking the seal in his mouth for him . If you 're going to use Dr. Brown 's , stick to these bottles only . Also , the nipple on the wide neck is different from standard , and it takes baby a few feedings with the new nipple to get used to it . Additionally , if any of the Dr. Brown 's bottles are not assembled correctly and the collar is n't on tight enough they will leak . There are additional parts that need to be cleaned , but its well worth it!I 'd never buy another brand !
 After trying Avent and Playtex bottles my daughter was still soo gassy and fussy so I decided to switch to the Dr. Brown 's bottles . What a difference it made at 8 weeks she started sleeping through the nights and was able to drink more because she was n't filling up with excess air . I would recommend spending the money on them , it is totally worth it .
 I have about $ 100 worth of Avent products that did not seem to work for my daughter . My cousin told me about Dr. Brown that she uses with her son -LRB- 8 days younger then my daughter -RRB- and they are the best bottles ! They are definitly worth the money . They are not as difficult to clean as they look , -LRB- Which is why I originally went with a different bottle ! -RRB- Also , something I wish someone would have told me before I had my daughter , find a bottle your baby likes before buying everything compatible with those bottles . It was a very expensive mistake for us !
 Our daughter had terrible colic . We had bought Avent bottles prior to her being born , but each time she fed , she dribbled constantly , because she had to keep opening her mouth to break the vacuum seal that had been created through her sucking . This meant she was wetting bibs , clothes , everything . She went through about five outfits each day.Then at three weeks , our paediatrician suggested Dr Brown 's bottles , so we bought eight of them straight away , and the difference was amazing . The dribbling completely stopped , because she was n't having to open her mouth mid-feed , because there was no vacuum created . It also meant she was swallowing less air , which meant less colic.The colic did n't disappear completely until she went on solids at four months , but I think that had more to do with the fact that some babies are just colicky , and of course , she was picking up on our anxiety , which probably did n't help matters.However , our daughter now uses the B Free trainer sippy cups , which are the same as Dr Brown 's , and again , have the vent in , so she does n't have to suck as hard to get the fluid . Wonderful.The downside of these bottles are that they are fiddly to clean , and I can only fit four of them into my Avent steam steriliser , -LRB- five is a squeeze -RRB- , as opposed to six when I was using the Avent ones , however , to our mind , these are very small prices to pay for the positives that these bottles bring . The pro 's definitely outweigh the cons .
 These are wonderful bottles . They totally keep your baby from having too much air/gas in his tummy . The wide mouth makes it easy to pour breast milk or formula into them without spilling . And the shape of the nipple makes going from breast to bottle an easier transition . I am on baby number two and discovered these halfway through with baby number one . These are so much easier than anything else out there . I now give them as shower gifts ! Do n't look any further for a bottle . This is the best out there !
 I am a first time mom and really did n't know much about which bottles were the best . My mom recommended Avent bottles because my nephew did so well with them . So , listening to my mom 's advice I bought a whole set of avent bottles ... WHAT A MISTAKE . My poor baby was so gassy and colicy . She would n't let me sleep . She was always complaining and straining like she wanted to pass gas or burp . After a couple of weeks of this I broke down and asked my husband to buy me some DR. Brown Bottles and after a couple of days of use we saw a difference . The baby was n't straining and complaining as much . She was sleeping better and she passed gas and burped easier and faster than before . It was n't a total cure but I must admit it is a big difference than before . My baby is only a month old so her little digestive system is still working out its kinks . I bought the wide neck bottles since the nipples on these bottle resemble the Avent nipples -LRB- since my baby was already used to the Avent -RRB- No bottle is perfect and this is why I gave these bottles 4 stars : Like most people who have reviewed these bottles , my main complaint was cleaning the extra parts but I got around doing that . I make my husband do it . So that saves me plenty of time ; -RRB- I know alot of people have complained about the bottles leaking when you warm the bottles but I found a way around that too . You unscrew the top a bit while the bottle is warming . When the bottle is warm screw the top back on and no leaks . You just have to make sure that the milk -LRB- formula or breast -RRB- is not in that the internal vent tube . If the milk is up that tube then you will have a leak . Just watch out for that.Another issue is with the powdered formula . So far my baby is on the ready made formula so formula has n't been an issue . But soon we will be switching to powdered formula . I liked what another person suggested in one of the reviews about preparing a days worth of formula ahead of time or using another container to mix the formula and then pour it into the Dr. Brown 's bottles . Now I have a use for all those Avent bottles I bought!Like most people , I would recommend buying the 8oz bottles . I think getting the 4 oz bottle would be a waste of money since the baby will tend to eat more and more as she gets older.I hope this review helps !
 We got these bottles based on a recommendation when we found out that our son had `` complicated colic '' . They did n't cure his colic ... but they definitely helped A LOT !!! He used to scream in pain after every time that he ate with the Avent bottles that we had at first ... but when we switched to these , he had WAY less gas . He had an extreme case , along with reflux , so he still did need gas drops and he was still colicky ... but he did n't scream after eating anymore ! Now we 're afraid to switch back to our Avent bottles ! The only slight complaint that I have about these bottles is that they 're kind of a pain to wash -- with all of the parts -- but I do n't mind that too much after seeing the difference it made in our baby !
 My Peditrician told me that my 3 week old baby had colic . He recommended the Dr. Brown 's bottles . At 4 weeks old she was n't colic anymore . Now she is 3 months old and is doing great due to these bottles . Thanks Dr. Brown 's
 My twin sons are going to be 10 months old soon , were colicky , and the Dr. Browns were the only bottles that could help them ... First off , from the beginning ... DONT BUY THE SMALLER SIZE ... especially since you can put 4 oz in an 8 oz bottle , but not 8 oz in a 4 oz bottle ... There ya go , just skip the smaller ones.The Dr. Browns are GREAT for helping with gas or acid reflux or what not , but I do advise possibly trying another brand if your baby is `` fine '' , just because the Dr. Browns are annoying to assemble . They have the bottle marks clear on the bottle , and its easy to see how much my son drinks . Washing the bottle is simple , but if you do not have a dishwasher , PASS ON THESE BOTTLES ! That said , if you do have a dishwasher , -LRB- 1 -RRB- wash EVERYTHING on the top rack , not the bottom , -LRB- 2 -RRB- buy baskets for the nipples/rings so they dont get `` lost '' and -LRB- 3 -RRB- buy a larger basket for the long `` vents '' oh yeah , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- , the bottles can be washed by draping it over the `` stick '' on the top rack . That cleans the bottles well , but I must add that I do rinse off and `` scrub '' them before I place them in the dishwasher ... if you clean your bottles with care , you wont need to spend the money for a sterilizer . Its also easy to transition breast-feeding babies to the Dr. Browns , the WIDE NECKS are the way to go , but they are harder to find than the regular ones.Now there is the one question , how easy is it to make a bottle ... Quite frankly , other bottles are easier ... and that 's why I transitioned to VentAirs after the boys started eating solids , and they are now also taking sippys . First of all I connect the vent to the nipple and ring , and measure the amount of formula in the bottle . THAN I have to pour the formula from the bottle into one of the few other brands I have -LRB- about 2 Avents and 10 VentAirs -RRB- to shake the bottle so the formula is ready . You CAN NOT SHAKE THIS BOTTLE , which is also a reason to purchase back-ups for when your baby discovers the joys of chucking bottles . THAN you can place the assembled nipple , vent , and ring on the top ... There 's a cover for traveling in the diaper bag , but I would never put it into the bag without something around it , like a Ziploc ... So I wound up just putting them in the pocket ... Or I would have to carry two Dr. Browns , and some formula powder and water in 2 other bottles so I can mix it well.I highly recommend the VentAirs if -LRB- 1 -RRB- you cant afford the Dr. Browns , -LRB- 2 -RRB- if you cant stand the process of assembling a bottle , -LRB- 3 -RRB- if you dont have a dishwasher -LRB- although a dishwasher is always easier -RRB- , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- if your baby does n't have any gassy problems . For us it was worth it to spend 5-10 minutes assembling bottles to save our boys from pain , and after it was n't `` necessary '' , we switched.For the pure annoyance of assembling a Dr. Brown , I have to deduct a star , which also goes along with the high price ... although I dont mind a high price for a good product . Good job Dr. Brown .
 I am a first-time breastfeeding mom , my three month old son has been getting the bottle now and then since six weeks old to prepare him for my upcoming return to work . We started with the Platex VentAir bottles since they are supposed to be the next best thing , as for leaking and having to really suck to get anything , they are definitly great , but the nipple is totally straight , and my son has a hard time getting a good grip to suck . I tried Avent next , since the nipple was realistic , but the flow is so fast that when you turn the bottle down to feed , it 's already spitting milk out ! As a last resort , we tried the Dr. Brown 's wide neck . I was reluctant because of the cost , but I bought one to try , and it 's wonderful . I 'm concerned that the assembly will cause confusion with his dad , grandma , daycare , etc. for a while , but they seem to be the best ! I 'm on my way back to the store to buy more tomorrow !
 Our four month old son is completely breast fed but I had to return to work at 3 months . I pump and Daddy feeds him during work hours . This is the only nipple he will use . The bottles prevent him from having excess gas . He also has reflux problems but he does n't have any extra problems when he has to use the bottle . We will never use another bottle other than this one !
 I have a 2 month premature baby who could only be bottle fed . He aslo has baby reflux . It seemed impossible to feed him , until I read a review about Dr. Brown 's and tried it for myself . It was instant gratification for me and my son . He was able to eat quicker , less gas , and was much happier to eat . Even the nipples for thicker liquids worked awesome . I used Advent with my daughter , which worked fine for her , but did n't help me at all with my son . Also , they leak a lot . So , take everything back and get Dr. Brown 's .
 The nipple is soft and goes about the same distance as a mother 's breast while breastfeeding . When , after some serious prior problem with nipple confusion , I was able to breastfeed my child consistently , she started to prefer the texture and flow of these bottles over even the Avent . They were most like breastfeeding for her . They had a slower flow from the Avent . Avent will stream out , even on the lowest stage nipple , these make her work a little more for her dinner , but more similar to breastfeeding .2 nd point
 Our little Sophie would scream due to her gas pains , until that is we switched from Avent to Dr. Brown 's . We could `` hear '' the bubbles -LRB- that high-pitched squeaking sound -RRB- she was ingesting while drinking from those Avent bottles . We even suggested Dr. B 's to my cousin 's baby who was getting bounced around from formula-to-formula via her pediatrician , who assumed it was just the formula making her `` colicky '' . Ever since she made the switch to Dr. Brown 's her little girl has been a vison of health and happiness .
 I love this bottle . I am 6 weeks from my due date and already love them . While babysitting my colicy 1 month old nephew I tried these bottles on him to see is it would help . It worked like a charm he slept for 4 hours straight , and was a happy baby when he woke up . Well worth the extra money and work !
 I did research on the different bottles before my son was born . I heard lots of good things about these . So I bought them . They worked fine for my son . No colic.My brother had a daughter a few months later and they bought the bottles that has the air vent on the bottom of the bottle . Well she got colic . They finally switched her to a special formula for colicky babies and it helped some . Then I bought Dr Brown bottles for them . They tried them the day they got them and noticed a HUGE difference right away , within the first day ! They said that she even started laughing and smiling for the first time in a loooong time . That 's proof enough for me.Now , they do take a little longer to clean , but it 's worth it . Plus , they come with a mini bottle scrubber that fits into the tubes to clean . To me this is an added bonus because I now have an extra mini scrubber that fits into other kids and sports cups that have flip top lids and straws . Before , there was really no way to REALLY get into the little cranys of those lids and inside of the straws ... So my mini bottle scrubber now does double duty !
 I absolutely LOVE Dr. Brown 's bottles . The price was great and they were shipped super fast too . Ca n't be beat !
 My son had a hard time with taking in too much air with the Avent bottles . He constantly threw up and was always uncomfortable after his feedings . I bought these on the suggestion of a friend and ca n't thank her enough for the advice ! These have reduced the amount of air my little guy takes in and he 's much happier . I 've heard people complain about what a pain it is to clean all the parts and that you ca n't have the nipple on when you heat the bottle , but I see these as small inconveniences that I can put up with since my son 's feedings have improved so greatly .
 My daughter is now 6 months old , and has been getting bottles since birth -LRB- combined w/breastfeeding -- now weaned -RRB- . Dr. Brown 's have been the best . She 's now at the point where she will actually drink up to 7 or 8 ounces at once , and after one big burp afterwards , she 's just fine . We 've NEVER had a problem with her getting tummy cramps from gulping air . After 6 months of sterilizing , the bottles are beginning to leak . I 'm going to buy new Dr. Brown 's bottles -- I figure 6 months is a good amount of time to get out of them ... worth every penny !
 This bottle mimics the breast shape the best I 've found . And the anti-air valves work great . My daughter eats 6 oz 's and has one huge burp afterwards and is done . They are very durable also . I like the separate lids available so you can mix in the bottle without the nipple .
 I initially purchased and signed up for on my registry , the Avent brand bottles . What I soon learned , and heard from others after the fact , was they do n't last if you tighten the top too tight -LRB- which means your baby gets too much air -RRB- . I found Dr. Brown 's brand online - read the outstanding reviews - and I have to agree with them . It 's by far the best bottle system I 've seen/used yet .
 THE AVENT CONVERTERS DO NOT FIT -LRB- USED FOR THE MEDELA PUMP -RRB- , OVER THE DR. BROWN 'S WIDE NECK BOTTLES - SORRY !!
 I love these bottles ... we never had any trouble with colic or spitting up with our son . They do require additional work to clean because there are more parts than other bottles , but it is worth it when your baby does not cry due to an upset tummy . I used the wide neck bottles as I breast fed and it was a smooth transition as they claim that the wide neck is more like the breast . I did use the 4 ounce bottles at first , but if I had it to do over , I would have just bought all 8 ounce bottles because they transition into the larger one so fast -LRB- especially if you breast feed -RRB- and Dr. Browns are n't cheap , so I 'd just spend the money on all 8 ounce bottles . I do have one complaint and that is that we have had trouble with the bottles leaking ... I did not fill the bottle above the recommended line and all the parts were in place , so I am not sure why we did have that trouble at random times . It was frustrating when it would happen because my son 's shirt would be soaked and I hated to have to change a shirt when he was almost asleep . I 've heard others complain of the same problem . That being said , I still highly recommend this bottle and I also personally know other happy Dr. Brown 's users . They also have an EXCELLENT customer service department . They answer promptly , are very friendly and I have received replacement parts -LRB- got melted in dishwasher because was n't in a basket -RRB- IMMEDIATELY . I would rate these bottles with 5 stars , but the leaking problem cost 1 star !
 A lot of parts to clean each time , but I found that my baby does have less gas after using Dr. Brown 's than after using other brands . One question for the manufacturer -- is any woman 's nipple shaped like the way manufacturers shape bottle nipples ???
 I started my now 5 month old on other name brand bottles when she was first born . I was , and still am breastfeeding , but she had a hard time with gas when I used the other brands . I was searching online for an alternative when I read others had discovered and used the Dr. Brown 's . I ordered a 3-pack and used them right away . She took to them well , which was a concern of mine since she was primarily nursed , and she did n't get gas . I ordered several more and have been happily using them since . It may not work for all babies , but if you 're struggling , it is worth a try !
 I tried all the other brands and this one is by far my favorite . My first son was really gassy and these bottles made a huge difference . I tried regular bottles with my second son but these were the best for switching between breast and bottle . I gave four stars because if you over tighten them or fill past the line they WILL leak . Not that big of a deal though , just follow the directions . Even though there are two extra parts , they are n't difficult to clean at all . Worth the extra cost .
 I did my research on bottles via the internet & friends reviews . Everyone told me Avent , Avent , Avent . Avent caused the my son to be very , very gassy . I did n't know that all bottles were created UN-equal ! Do yourself and your little cutie baby a favor and just buy these bottles!Our son also has reflux and these bottles helped with that too ! I have no problem washing them because they 're worth the little bit of extra time . I like the wide bottles . We 've had no issues with them as one reviewer stated.The hubby thought they were just a hoax to get you to buy expensive bottles but now he 's the first one to tell everyone about them ! Do n't buy/register for the Advent - you will end up like the rest of us with a bag of Avent bottles in the basement !!! What 's a better comment then
 Every one wants the best for their child -LRB- ren -RRB- . I have 4 children , I know . And let me tell you , this is the best investment ever . My family and friends have all switched to Dr. Browns and are so happy with the results.I bought 1 bottle , then a 6 pack . I had originally bought the standard bottles and have switched to wide neck bottles . My child can hold it better and it is ALOT EASIER to wash ladies !!! They are dishwasher safe for those on the run.Dr . Browns made my life alot easier and will never stop praising them . It is the BEST investment .
 I bought a ton of the Avent bottles because I had heard they were the best . I was planning on breast feeding but my body and my daughter did not comply . When I tried the Avent , it was a disaster . Because my daughter had sucking problems , the formula was literally spraying the back of her throat and choking her . Dr. Brown 's bottles were a life saver . The nipple was so much softer that she was able to successfully drink the bottle . There are a lot of peices to clean , but if you throw them in the dishwasher -LRB- without any tomato sauces on the other dishes to discolor the nipples of course -RRB- it 's a breeze . My daughter actually holds the inside peices and chews on them while I put together the rest of the bottle . A great bottle !!
 They are great ! Just try them . Being a first time mom , all I wanted was the best for my baby . I 'm so glad I made this choice . I know that they are not as `` popular '' as the other brands that everybody uses , and believe me it 's so much better to see a happy baby than a crying baby due to colic . My 4 month old daughter has become very picky about her bottles and all she will take are the Dr. Brown 's . Who cares if there 's a few extra pieces to wash , it 's worth it .
 Bought these bottles after trying the advent bottles without success . My daughter is breast feeding but needs to take some bottles since I will be returning to work soon . We introduced the bottle at 1 month and after 2 weeks she was still not hearing it with the advent bottle . In desparation we tried Dr. Browns and she took to it immediately . It is a much softer nipple and does n't work like a vacuum . It 's the closest to nursing ! Thanks Dr Brown !
 We were having to supplement our son with formula starting at the age of two weeks . We tried using the popular Avent bottles and noticed , and heard , the amount of air bubbles entering the bottle -LRB- and ultimately our son -RRB- while drinking . Shortly after starting the bottles he began to have symptoms of colic . We then tried the Playtex Ventaire bottles , which leaked every time they had any amount of liquid in them . My son also could not latch very well with the narrow nipple . I heard about Dr. Brown 's bottles from my sister-in-law and decided to research them . From what I read , I decided to try the bottles and we have been extremely happy with them . Our son is now 9 weeks old and still has some spit up with the bottles but the lack of air intake is definitely worth it . I wish I would have tried these from the beginning .
 These bottles are the BEST ! After all , the patented design was developed by a doctor for his own child . Sure there are a few extra parts to clean , but it is definitely worth it ... and if you read the directions and use the enclosed travel disk , you will NEVER HAVE A PROBLEM WITH LEAKS ! We decided on this brand of bottle based on recommendations from friends who are doctors and have n't had a single complaint . Our child never has gas problems -LRB- and he did when I would use an SNS in addition to nursing as a newborn ! -RRB- and has n't experienced any ear infections . If you look at the design , it is clear that no other bottle compares ; hence , the price . Why waste money on bottles that might not work for your child ... pay a little more now and save yourself the hassle . Besides , your new addition is definitely worth it !
 This bottle is great . After using these for a couple months I tried the Advent , Playtex Nurser , and Ventair bottles and they all gave or an upset tummy or made her spit up . I started using the brown bottles right away , she never needed them for what they are meant for but we figured why not start with it anyways just to possibly preventing it from happening in the first place . After using them for 4 months and trying to switch to something differant it was made very clear to me how much of a differance these bottles are . I highley recomend them !
 My son -LRB- who 's now 6 mos -RRB- had MAJOR tummy issues right from the start . We tried Avent , and they sure did n't help any . We also have to use Nutramigen formula -LRB- lactose intolerant -RRB- . Then I did some research and these bottles take the air out of the formula , so it does n't end up in my sons tummy ! The shrieking of before had ended and he smiles all day long ! Hint - Do n't warm up the bottles with the top cover and nipple on , it traps the air in the formula . Once the formula is ready , so are you ! And the extra parts to wash are nothing compared to the peace and quiet we get from using them ! Completely satisfied , I will not use any other bottle for my future kids too !
 I BOUGHT THESE BOTTLES OUT OF DESPERATION AS MY SON HAD SUCH BAD GAS . WITHIN ONE DAY , THE GAS WAS GONE AND MY SON HAD A 100 % TURNAROUND . THESE BOTTLES ARE WORTH THE HASSLE OF CLEANING , WHICH REALLY IS N'T A BIG DEAL . MY TIP TO YOU THOUGH , IF YOU ARE SWITCHING TO THESE AFTER USING THE AVENT BOTTLES , GO WITH THE WIDE NECK BOTTLES AS THEY BABY MAY HAVE TROUBLE ADJUSTING . I RECOMMEND THESE BOTTLES TO EVERYONE . THEY ARE A LIFE SAVER !!!
 I used playtex disposables with my first born and now my second born is two months old and buying liners for the bottles is getting old . But I never had any problems w / the playtex nursers . So I tried the Avent and they leaked all over my diaper bag . The Playtex Ventaire Naturalshape are okay they do n't expel the air like they are supposed to . But Dr. Browns does exactly what its supposed to . There are extra parts to clean but it does n't take up too much extra time and it comes with its own cleaning brush for the extra parts.Well worth it .
 My 1 mo. daughter is breast feed but we supplement her with 1 bottle at night . We use these DR Brown wide bottles and she has little if any spit up , no colic and very little if any gas ! I think they work wonderful . And the great thing is , I started using this in the hospital -LRB- she was in special care for 5 days -RRB- and to this day we have NO NIPPLE CONFUSION !!! I cant say enough about these bottles . Oh , and no need to buy the 4 oz bottles , theses work great for little amounts or big . One of our best baby purchases !
 I originally registered for the Avent bottles -LRB- and received over 20 ! -RRB- since my sister loved them so much , but my son , now 5 months old , had terrible gas . He was a good burper , but still had terrible pains and became colicky . A sister-in-law suggested Playtex Nursers which she used for her kids . She even bought some for me to try , but they did n't help . I even tried the VentAires . My pediatrician immediately recommended Dr. Browns bottles . I hesitated since I had never heard of them before , but tried them anyway . These are BOTTLES FROM HEAVEN ! The original slender bottles were the only ones out at the time we bought these . The small and softer nipple was easier for him to use than the big and stiff Avent ones . It took him half the time to finish feeding and reduced his gas significantly . We also noticed that he did n't burp as loudly which could only mean that he was n't swallowing as much air.I know cleaning 2 extra parts is a common complaint , but it only takes a few extra seconds ... nothing considering the hours of pain and crying -LRB- for both you and baby -RRB- you 'll avoid . I would suggest rinsing out the bottles as soon as you can to lessen the chances of gunk to form.We have since bought a 3 pack of these wide necks ... the nipples are bigger , but my son likes them just the same . Since each baby is different , I would recommend buying a slender and a wide to see which nipple your baby likes first before buying a bunch . I wish someone told me that before I opened all the Avent bottles that we no longer use.Now for my one complaint -LRB- without which , I would change my rating to 5 stars -RRB- . I wish that the covers were designed like the Avent ones . The Avent covers are slightly shorter than the nipple so they depress it a little to prevent leaking -LRB- similar to holding your finger over the nipple -RRB- . The Dr Browns bottles require a separate disc that 's placed under the nipple to block fluid and has to be removed before feeding . An extra piece that can be lost and an extra step I would love to forego . I 've done without the discs and just make sure that the bottles stay upright when I 'm out and about.This one problem just is n't enough to bypass this product . Dr Browns will be the only bottles I will ever use for my kids . These are worth every penny !
 After nursing my son for 8 months and him hating bottles -LRB- Avent , Playtex , et al -RRB- he fell in love with this bottle . He latches on and the bottle never hisses or bubbles up . I struggled with my daughter and never attempted this bottle and wish I did . It 's worth the purchase . : -RRB-
 My second daughter had terrible colic and when I found out I was pregnant again , I was determined to do everything I could to head colic off at the pass . These bottles have been worth every penny -LRB- if you have problems with a colicky baby I 'd also recommend getting an Amby baby hammock BTW -RRB- - I could n't give them 5 stars though because of the hassle with mixing powdered formula -LRB- see below -RRB- . Tips
 We used these with daughter # 1 and will be using them with daughter # 2 . They are amazing ! Our first daughter was so cranky , we used these one time an dnoticed a difference right away . Do n't waist your money on other bottles , get Dr. Browns from day one , you wont be sorry . I noticed that others have said that they have troupble with them leaking occasionally , that happens with all bottles because the area where the nipple meets the bottle is wet , if you have this problem take it apart , dry the bottom of the nipple and top of the bottle rim and problem solved . I figured this out early on , so I was extra careful to keep those areas free of liquid .
 These bottles are excellent !!! I have only been using Dr.Brown 's bottles for a week , but have seen an amazing improvement in my daughter . She was six weeks when I started using them and would SCREAM after she drank her formula -LRB- I was using Avent bottles -RRB- . We thought she was having having a reaction to her formula -LRB- Enfamil LIPIL -RRB- so we switched to Enfamil Gentlease when she was 3 and a half weeks . We did n't see any remarkable difference and started thinking she was having an allergic reaction to the milk . I started to do some research on the internet about fussiness and gassiness -LRB- we tried to get an appt with her doctor but they could n't see us for over a month ... they said take her to the emergency room if we thought it was a true emergency -RRB- . In my research , I kept seeing the Dr. Brown bottles mentioned so I thought I would give it a try . I am so glad that I did !!! She is so much easier to burp , she barely has much gas , and best of all ... she is n't SCREAMING in pain . Being a first time mom and not knowing what to do when she was screaming in such agony , I am astonished to find that the answer was something as simple as a change of a bottle ! There are a bunch of pieces to the bottle , but I barely notice an inconvenience when washing them -LRB- and I do n't have a dishwasher -RRB- . The biggest inconvenience is stirring the formula instead of mixing and shaking the formula in the bottle . However , I would much rather do that than listen to my poor baby scream in pain . Skip the other bottles and use these if you have a fussy , gassy baby !!
 After a lot of trial and error with other brands of bottles -LRB- VentAire and Avent , to name a couple -RRB- , I finally found a bottle that really delivers what it promises . My daughter has problems with excessive and painful gas , and I have found that these bottles really eliminate the bubbles that form in other bottles . She still takes in some air from her mouth not forming a good seal around the nipple , but that 's not the bottle 's fault ! Any gas she does still have I know is not from the bottle . She has improved dramatically since I switched her to Dr. Browns . Also , I prefer the wide neck to the regular because I like the nipples better .
 I LOVE THE DR. BROWN BOTTLES . THE BIGGER ONES ARE CLOSER TO BREAST SO ITS EASY TO SWITCH BACK AND FORTH . I LIKE THE COMFORT GRIP ALSO .
 We started with Dr. Brown 's when my daughter was just three weeks old - she 's now 10 months - and have loved them from the very beginning . We 've used them both for breastmilk and for formula , and they 've been great for both . We 've never had trouble with gas and have had very few spitting-up episodes , and I give all the credit to the bottles . They 're comfortable for me to hold , light enough that even a young-ish baby can hold them on their own , and easy to fill . The cleaning is a bit of a pain - more parts than in other brands of bottles - but it 's worth it . And we have n't found that Dr. Brown 's leaks any more than any other brand . Definitely give these a try - they 're great !
 When my son was born , I had only been exclusively breastfeeding . When I got the hang of that , I supplemented with formula to give my husband a turn to feed the baby -LRB- and give me a break -RRB- . We used the Avent brand at first , and my son not only had trouble latching on , but he was sooooo gassy and just cried and cried . I thought I needed to buy stock in Mylicon drops . Someone in a store mentioned Dr. Brown 's bottles to me , and I figured it was worth a shot . What else would he do , cry ? I bought them , and I am so thankful that I did . The gas stopped , the crying stopped , and we felt better knowing that when he drank out of a bottle he was n't going to end up doubled over in excruciating pain . This product is definitely worth the couple of extra dollars if it means that your baby wo n't be hysterical crying from having gas because of air sneaking its way in while you think that everything is fine . The wide-neck ones are shaped more like a breast - perfect for breasfeeding mothers . A worthy investment !!!!
 We tried Avent to start out just because that 's what my sisters had used and we had a ton of them . She was spitting up horribly and had awful gas . So we switched to Playtex Nursers . Still having problems ! It got to the point where i was having to put a dropper of mylicon in every bottle . So i asked the dr. what we could do for it besides the mylicon and he said Dr. Brown bottles . We had actually tried these once or twice and she would n't take them because of the size of the nipple ... too small . So when he said this i remembered they had the wide neck . I tried one and we have n't had problems since . She still spit up a good bit , but i 've only had to give her mylicon like twice in the past 5 months . I highly recommed them !!
 My daughter is 6 months old . We are still nursing , but due to problems establishing nursing , bottles were an early necessity and continued to be when I had to return to work after only a few months . From the beginning my daughter was very accepting of the nipples and has gone back and forth from breast to bottle with ease.Air has never been a problem . Even when she was small , spitting up was rare and is pretty much unheard of at this point . Early on it was generally only necessary to burp her once during each feeding and now , we rarely even need to bother.My only minor issue was the leaking , and after reading some of the reviews I now have the answer for dealing with that ! Thanks !
 6 stars at least !!!! **** My second daughter was born perfectly healthy except she has a lot of gas and fussiness when feeding . I am sure that she will get better in time , however , this will help tremendously . After 5 weeks of trying different things , I purchased the wide neck nipple Dr. Brown bottle in the 4 oz size . Not only did she finish the entire 4 oz rather quickly , but she did not fuss , burp as much , and I had to feed her another 1-2 ounces . She was so satisfied that night that she slept from 130am to 730am . Now that is what I call , a return on investment . They are much more expensive than other bottles , however , you will be satisfied . Purchase the wide neck bottles and nipples if you are going to supplement with breastfeeding , otherwise , purchase the regular bottles and nipples . As for prep work , stick it all in the dishwasher and purchase a lot of bottles . As for the leaking issue , it is just like other things . Some people get a dud of a part here and there . Dr. Brown sells different parts separately so just buy those parts separately and chances are you will fix your issue . As far as Advent bottles , I used them for my first daughter and I thought they were the waste of money . No ventilation for gassiness and no benefits . They are just made in England and have a good reputation . So if you are using those bottles , do n't get caught in the `` aura '' . Now the only thing I wish is that they had a `` Huge '' multipack set with many bottles in the `` wideneck '' version . I can only find the 3 pack , but the 4oz bottles will now change to the larger 8oz for sure . Dr Brown , please make a multipack wide neck with 8oz bottles with at least 12 bottles with xtra nipples included in all sizes including the ycut .
 I have used this bottle since my little angel was 6 months.All that while i tried using avent bootles which i got from my shower but she kept crying because of '' the gas '' and it drove my hussy crazy to his lil one in pain . Tried gerber , playtex . At a point she refused to accept the bottle.Finally , i got my self to get this , and have no regrets . I was suprised when at times i saw bubbles escape thru the vent , and heard the bubblesbeing sucked out as she ate on a # of ocassions.So I recommend this bottle for all fussy babies , and for a good nite 's rest for every new mom .
 Love Dr Brown 's for my gassy , reflux baby . Does really help with gas & vomiting , even better than BF with my baby . Had no problem with nipple confusion with the wide neck bottles.Just make sure the air straw is in there when putting the bottle together or will have leaks .
 Did n't give 5 stars because parts can be a pain to wash . BUT , these are wonderful bottles and have never leaked on me , except when I 've made the mistake of assembling the whole thing and putting it in the hot water . The heat creates pressure in the clear reservoir tube which sucks up the milk and causes leakage . If you unscrew the lid a little to let some air in while the bottle is being warmed , you eliminate this problem . Just remember the screw it back tightly when you get ready to feed : -RRB-
 I have a 6 month-old daugter that I began weaning from the breast 1 month ago . These bottles are great . I would recommend them over the Advent bottles which made her gassy and leaked everywhere . The Dr. Brown 's bottles do require a couple of extra steps to clean but so worth it ! At first it was hard to get used to , but the extra cleaning time may add on 20 seconds or so . Not a problem at all .
 This bottle system looks very intimidating at first but is anything but that . We started using them after we recieved 2 free 4oz ones at the baby faire . My daughter responds very very well to them and hardly spits up . She still does but the reduction is amazing . Once you work out a cleaning system they are a breeze to clean . The disk that goes between the vent and the nipple makes it wonderful for travel and preventing formula clumps from clogging the nipple something I have noticed with Similac formula . I am just ashamed I did n't listen to my fiancee 's demands . He used the regular ones for his son from a previous marriage and insisted by them . If you are pregnant and going through the great bottle debate these are the ones to buy hands down . You will kick yourself if you do n't . I know I did .
 I was using Avent bottles , and my baby was always crying during feeds , sometimes up to an hour . He had a lot of gas and would spit up almost everything he ate -LRB- after trying an hour to feed him -RRB- . I began using Dr. Brown bottles a week ago , and he has not had a single crying episode during the feeds . Definitely follow the bottle instructions and do not heat up the milk with the inner tube in place . If so , it will cause gas which causes the baby to cry .
 Our doctor changed formulas 4 times , but our little one was still very uncomfortable due to the gas . A friend suggested trying the bottles , and within a short time , she seemed less fussy . We quickly switched to the Dr. Brown bottle exclusively and feeding time became much easier on her . We tried another brand of bottles one last time just to see the difference , and the gas seemed much worse with just one bottle . Even with the extra work involved , we will only use these bottles in the future .
 We tried all types of bottles - from the Walmart-brand to the mega-fancy . We love the Dr.Brown bottles . The wide-neck allowed for an easy latch . The venting system REALLY works - unlike some playtex varieties . The variety of nipple speeds allowed us to keep up with our champion chugger 's appetite and I feel as though my son is able to get plenty of fluid without a battle with the bottle . The bottles are a little more work to clean and a bit heavier than others - so harder for my son to hold on his own -LRB- now that he 's older -RRB- . We have used them for nine months , though , and have only had one ear infection and very few problems with gas . I pass them along to new moms that I know . The price stops me from buying twenty , but I can easily buy a three-pack since I know the new mom will only need an introduction before buying more on her own .
 We absolutely love these bottles ! We have used them with our son since birth and have been very happy with them ! Others may think they are expensive , but they are cheaper than buying those stupid liner refills for the Playtex bottles . Never again will I buy those things ! -LRB- we used those with our first son , and it sickens me to think of how much money we wasted on those things -RRB- As for the added `` work '' of cleaning , we just throw them in the top rack of the dishwasher , and they hold up like a champ ! Our son does well with the nipples , and even switches back and forth between the tall models and the wide-neck versions . My favorite ones are the wider , ergonomic ones , plus they fit in the dishwasher a little better . You wo n't be disappointed in these bottles ! They are perfect for all babies , with collic or not .
 My son was full blown colic and cried for hours each day . He had been having fits like that for approximately two weeks . We were desperate and order these inspite of the expense . It was truly the best investment we made . Some people complain about leakage , but we have had no more than we did with the Playtex Vent Aire which were a pain to clean and he aquired more gas from those . I know they may not be everyones miracle bottle , but they sure were for us . These bottles will be my gift to any family member who has a new baby and I hope they have the same results that we have had !
 After just one feeding the advantages are noticable . . My 6 week old son who always wake up with gas during a nap , slept so soundly that he is right now struggling to wake up for his next feeding ... Definitely woth the money and the 30 seconds extra it takes to clean
 These bottles seem to work really well , but I also have Avent bottles that are just as good . The benefit to the Avent bottles is that they require less work as far as washing the pieces . I would recommend these bottles though . My son spits up far less with these and the Avent bottles .
 We started out using the Avent bottles because everyone we knew liked them . Our baby screamed with gas pain all day long until the second day of using the Dr. Browns bottles . These bottles are fantastic ! There are a extra parts to clean , but it 's just 2 more parts than any other bottle . They do n't leak unless you overfill them or shake them . I highly reccomend these bottles to everyone .
 About 2 months ago my daughter -LRB- 4 mo old -RRB- starting spitting / vomiting after each feeding . She was colicky in the evenings , at times , but each episode scared her . I took her to the Dr. and he said it was immature reflux and she 'd grow out of it by 6 mo. and to feed her upright , and keep her upright afterwards for 30 to 45 minutes . Yea right - she would want to eat then sleep and she only slept 45 minutes at a time there for awhile . It got to the point that she did n't want to feed , but would . All my friends had different suggestions and I tried all the other bottles Avent / Parent 's Choice / Playtex , Gerber / Evenflo etc. . Then I saw an advertisment and bought one 4 oz bottle thinking - no way it can work . Well work it did . I bought a 3 pack of 8 oz bottles and some cereal nipples . We recently had to take an emergency trip back home -LRB- 4000 miles away round trip -RRB- and I left the Dr. Brown 's at home - big mistake . She spit the entire time we were gone . When we got home I used the Dr. Brown 's and she has n't spit since . I showed my Dr. the other day and he thought they were the best invented bottle he 'd seen . I 've got 4 kids , tried every bottle through the years -LRB- oldest is 13 -RRB- and I wo n't use another kind . They do n't take any longer to clean than the others , and as long as you do n't go past the fill line you wo n't leak . These bottles might be more expensive , but they are worth it .
 Hi , I have no idea if these bottles help a colic/gasey baby . My baby was never like that . I considered these bottles because I hated that my son had to suck till he could suck no more then let go of a nipple so air could back into a regualar bottle . So I started looking for a bottle that did n't have nipple collaspe . First we tried Playtex . They worked but were extremely hard to mix powdered formula in because the liners held exactly 8 oz -LRB- also expensive liners -RRB- . Then I switched to Avent , thought it was my dream come true bottle . Until they started leaking no matter how I screwed on the ring . I finally figured out the problem , the skirts on the nipples warp after very little use . So I ended up constantly buying new nipples and never knowing when we would get a whole bottle dumped on us . So then Dr Brown came out with these wide neck bottles . After some reading the directions and trial and error ; this is it
 I wrote a review the other day as i was ordering more of the 8oz standard dr browns bottles and advised how wonderful i thought those were . i did not know there were wide neck versions of dr browns until i saw them online that day . i decided not to order them at that time because there were some bad reviews about the nipple and leaking , etc. well i really liked the design of the wide neck bottle and decided to try them anyway a few days later . i am glad i did , i am so happy with them that i exchanged the 8 oz standard bottles for 8 oz wide neck bottles . my baby has an easier time with this nipple and is finishing more formula faster than with the standard size . the wider nipple base keeps her from putting the whole thing in her mouth and she is spilling less out the sides of her mouth . the wide neck bottles fit in the diaper bag better and its easier to pour formula into them . i have not had any problems with leaks -LRB- read the directions that come with the bottles -RRB- . i recommend both styles of dr browns bottles as they truly do eliminate the gas and colic , you just have to try both styles to see which nipple works best for your baby . i used the standard ones for 2 months and can not complain , but i do like the wide ones better now having tried them .
 I have a three week old who is primarily breast feeding , I have started to give her one bottle with breast milk a day since she was five days old , for ease/convinience . I first started using the Avent bottles , with this product , my baby would frequently spit up , and more milk would end up ON her than IN her . As well she had problems latching onto the breast with her next feeding . I then tried the Dr. Brown 's wide neck bottles , which are excellent , she has no problems using these bottles , no spiting up/overspill etc. ... and most importantly no problems latching onto the breast , I have been able to give her both the bottle and breast in one feeding without any problems . Cleaning has a few extra steps , but it is definitely worth it !
 I originally started my baby girl on basic 4oz bottles and they worked ok until she started spitting up . But before I decided to change bottles we tested out the formula and found one that seemed to reduce the spit up . Unfortunately , after a few weeks the spitting up was back so this time it was time to change the bottles . Well let me say I did debate between these and the Avent bottles until I compared their reviews . They both had complaints about leaking the Avent more than the Dr. Browns . The difference was whether or not anyone had a solution or a reason . It looked to me that the parents that bought the Avent bottles had no resolution while parents who bought the Dr Browns said that if you read the instructions and not over tighten the nipple ring and did not heat the bottle with the nipple or cap on you would not have leaking . Well I 'm one for reading instructions so I figured those that were having problems were those who did n't read ... Well now I have these bottles and I LOVE THEM . They do not leak because I read the instructions . They are not at all hard to put together . There are only two extra pieces . It only takes an extra moment to clean the extra pieces , especially if you 're like me and rinse your bottles out after use . I only warm my bottles before bed time , but I 've had no problems doing so since I read the instructions . My baby girl 's not spitting up as much which is all that should be expected because babies will spit up from time to time and there is no `` cure '' for that . And she 's never gassy . Yes these bottles do cost a little more than those cheap good for nothin bottles that are sold out there , but that 's because those cheap good for nothin bottles are n't worth much to parents who care about their babies ' feeding habits and health.As I have said in previous reviews of different products that come with instructions ... `` READ THE INSTRUTIONS '' before complaining about an item you have no idea how to use correctly . Do n't misinform other parents because you were too lazy to do a little reading . I almost did n't buy these because of such reviews and looking back I would have missed a great thing and my baby would still be spitting up 75 % of her feeding.New parents and veteran parents these are great bottles with two extra pieces that are going to keep your baby feeling just fine after feedings . They are very easy to clean and even easier if you just rinse them out after feedings . They are a few bucks more but do a job none of those other bottles can do ... just remember to READ THE INSTRUCTIONS !!!
 I started out nursing my daughter . But soon realized I had to go back to work , and knew that she would need to take a bottle . First I tried Avent bottles . People recommended them and got for shower . They may work for some babies , but my daughter did n't like them . I went to the store and purchsed Gerber Vent-air , Playtex Nurser , and Medela feeding set . My daugter would n't take ANY of these . I kept trying to use the Avent bottles because I opened a lot of this brand of bottles and accessories . But my daughter never took well to them . Then I happen to be standing in line at Babies R Us , and a woman recommended Dr. Brown 's bottles . So I decided to try . They are wonderful bottles . My daughter took to them right away.Dr . Brown 's V.S. AventDr . Brown 's
 I have tried all sorts of bottles from the Avent bottles to the Ventair bottles and all of them was giving my son gas and he would spit up . I finally tried these bottles and love them . No more spit-ups , gas and no more colic . They leak only if you fill the bottle to high , but besides that they are the best bottle and not expensive at all . Others that have wrote their opinion about leakage and the cleaning are crazy . You have to clean all bottles and do n't fill the bottle to high if you do n't want leakage . You will love this bottle !
 I BOUGHT THESE BOTTLES OUT OF DESPERATION AS MY SON HAD SUCH BAD GAS . WITHIN ONE DAY , THE GAS WAS GONE AND MY SON HAD A 100 % TURNAROUND . THESE BOTTLES ARE WORTH THE HASSLE OF CLEANING , WHICH REALLY IS N'T A BIG DEAL . MY TIP TO YOU THOUGH , IF YOU ARE SWITCHING TO THESE AFTER USING THE AVENT BOTTLES , GO WITH THE WIDE NECK BOTTLES AS THEY BABY MAY HAVE TROUBLE ADJUSTING . I RECOMMEND THESE BOTTLES TO EVERYONE . THEY ARE A LIFE SAVER !!!
 I used playtex disposables with my first born and now my second born is two months old and buying liners for the bottles is getting old . But I never had any problems w / the playtex nursers . So I tried the Avent and they leaked all over my diaper bag . The Playtex Ventaire Naturalshape are okay they do n't expel the air like they are supposed to . But Dr. Browns does exactly what its supposed to . There are extra parts to clean but it does n't take up too much extra time and it comes with its own cleaning brush for the extra parts.Well worth it .
 I just want to tell anyone who is considering buying the Dr. Brown wide neck bottles , DO IT !! We have tried many different bottles and remedies for our baby 's stomach problems and nothing seemed to help but we have seen such an amazing change in him since we started using the bottles . These are the best and I would like you to know that we have not had a minutes trouble with our bottles leaking -LRB- and right now we only have 3 so we wash them quite often -RRB- . It 's hard to find them in our area so I am having to purchase more on line . I would skip buying the 4 oz bottles and spend my money on the 8 oz bottles to save some money since they are a little expensive -LRB- but WELL WORTH IT -RRB- . My son is 8 weeks old and is already taking 4 to 6 ozs of milk per feeding since we switched to Dr. Brown 's bottles . I ca n't say enough good things about these bottles except buy them and see for yourself ! It is so nice to have a happier baby now .
 I had been using Avent bottles after going back to work . Everyone else used them ... why should n't I. My daughter began getting fussy in the evenings -LRB- most babies do , right ? -RRB- . She had awful problems with gas build-up and passing painful , loud gas . She would cry and pull her knees up after each bottle , sometimes refusing to eat . After giving her gas drops for weeks , I decided to try the Dr. Browns bottles . What a lifesaver ! She does n't pass nearly as much gas , is happy and content in the evenings and falls asleep without a fuss ! Thank you Dr. Brown ! The extra steps are worth it for a happy baby !
 My daughter is a very gassy girl ever since she was born ! i tried every brand but not untill now which is 11 months old i started using them.She took the bottle fine . They are a life saver i threw away her gas relief drops and shes fine.I highly recomend this bottles for formula feeding mothers !
 Anyone who cares about their babies comfort needs to buy these bottles !! I just bought them today after five months of using the avent bottles . These actually stand up true to their purpose ... less gas , less spitting up , less colic !!!! My son has never enjoyed his bottle more than what he did when I fed him using this bottle earlier . He had the tinest burp and he has n't even spit up all day !! My son used to be `` THE KING OF SPIT '' !! I am so happy we found the perfect resolution to that problem . A few extra pennies for an immediate fix is worth it and the cleaning is n't a biggie , especially if your baby 's health and happiness matters to you !! BUY THESE BOTTLES !!!
 I have been working at a large baby retailer for a year now and I happen to be the manager in the department at my store that sells all little things for babies , including bottles . I take my job very seriously , especially because parents often rely on my opinion to help them make a decision on what to buy for their child . While at first I was taken back by the fact that any parent would ever take my advice on those big decisions , I decided that I needed to have an answer to the question , `` which is best for most parents ? '' I have spent the past year speaking to EVERY parent that comes my way who has Dr. Browns bottles with them and let me tell you , they are the happiest parents in town , ready and eager to tell me how amazing the bottles have been for them . After a few weeks I felt confident enough to start recommending these bottle to parents , especially when they came in to my store red eyed and exhausted after enduring another night with a colicky baby . I always tell the parents to please let me know how the products work for them and they always do . I build a strong relationship with my guests and they always come back eager and excited to tell me how amazing the results were after switching to Dr. Browns . I am SO happy that there is a product out on the market that can do that for a parent and even happier that I sell it at my store . After all that I see and hear a hundred times every day , I would never ever recommend any other bottle to any parent . Nothing on the market compares . Even Doctors know , I have at least one person in the store each day who was sent to buy them on a recommendation from the pediatrician . I think that Dr. Browns bottle system is a gift from God for parents of colicky or fussy babies . On a side note , the wide neck bottles are easiest to use on babies who are breast fed because they force the baby to open his or her mouth wide open , just like when latching on to the breast . If you intend to breast feed , register or buy the wide neck bottles to help support easy transition between breast and bottle . Just buy one bottle if you are unsure , chances are , you will be hooked for life .
 My husband , a Dr. , did 6 mos . of research on bottles alone before our first child was born . I think he quizzed every nursery , NICU , L&D and any other nurse who either worked with babies or was a grandmother ! -LRB- Not to mention almost every pediatrician ! -RRB- He estimated he questioned about 150-200 people total and only 12 had ever heard of them , but all of them used Dr. Brown 's . Including my cousin whose then newborn son had a cleft palate . Out of the rest the 1st place went to a five letter brand - A _ _ _ t . He insisted that we try them but just like most new mommies I wanted to use what a vast majority of the other mommies were using - `` the other brand '' . We used `` the other brand '' for three weeks and my daughter would spit up after every other bottle and have horrible gas constantly . I finally gave in and he proudly rushed to get Dr. Brown 's . Needless to say she never had another problem - not one ! My cousin also waited until I gave up using the others to tell me that her son reduced his gas and spitup by 75 % ! My husband tells everyone expecting about Dr. Brown 's and our personal experience . He has even had some of the nurses and other Dr. 's tell him that they switched . -LRB- The word under the table is that most of the others at the hospital that used `` the other brands '' have switched and love them also ! -RRB- Lesson learned - I guess he can be right ... this time .
 I just have to say that I love these bottles . I have tried every bottle out there for my son . He had some reflux issues and these are the only bottles that have helped him . He eats more , and rarely spits up anymore since we switched to these . There are a few extra parts to clean , but they only take a second and are so worth it . I got so frustrated with collapsing nipples and whether the venting part of the Avent nipples were working . Dr. Brown has solved all of these problems with this bottle . I have never had any leaks at all from them . I am now giving them to all new moms I know . I am so happy that I have found something to make my son 's feeding experiences more pleasant .
 First of all , I 'm sure you have read all the comments about `` extra cleaning time '' . Trust me -- running the little brush through the vent and the tube takes an extra 3 seconds per bottle -LRB- yes , I counted -RRB- , so do not let that scare you off using these bottles.The second most common complaint is leaking . We also had some leaks at the beginning , but there are 3 things you can do to prevent leaks -LRB- and yes -- prevent , not just reduce leaking ; I have a `` leak free '' feeding history now that I follow these rules -RRB- :1 . If you are re-heating the bottle , unscrew the collar a little to let the hot air escape . If trapped in the bottle , the expanding hot air will force milk/formula up into the vent tube and you will have a leak . We use theNight & Day Bottle Warmer , and I had leaks after warming the bottle until I figured out the problem .2 . Do not shake the bottle if you are preparing powdered formula or have reheated the bottle . Swirl the bottle or stir the formula -LRB- pop a few PLASTIC spoons in your sterilizer - microwaves do n't like metal ! -RRB- , or shake it without the vent and tube in place . Shaking also forces liquid up into the vent .3 . MOST IMPORTANT
 We love these bottles . It really helps with gas . My only negative has to do with the fact that now that the bottles have changed to get rid of bPA -LRB- or whatever it was -RRB- they are harder to heat . We have a Avent bottle warmer and they just do n't conduct heat as well .
 This bottle is by far the best bottle I have ever used . I 've bought the long skinny Dr Brown 's bottles but much prefer the wide neck . One of the advantages for me , these are so much easier to clean than the others . I used the regular Gerber bottles with my first , Advent with my second and tried Advent & Soothie brand with my 3rd with no success . My 3rd has bad gas & reflux , she also was n't digesting her food properly our doctor suggested Dr Brown 's and I was hesitant at first simply because I did not want to wash all those extra parts . C'mon having 3 kids who has time for dishes . I decided to go ahead and quit being stingy on my part and get them for my daughter , what a lifesaver ! These bottles were terrific , along with a hypo-allergenic formula and these bottles she could actually eat without screaming in pain & sleep like a peaceful baby . I would recommend Dr Brown 's to anyone and after awhile washing the bottles/extra parts becomes second nature and really is n't so bad when your babies are happy & healthy .
 During the first two months after the birth of our baby boy , we selected the Avent 4-ounce bottles and nipples . However , our boy 's growing needs now exceeds the bottle 's capacity . It was time to move to a larger 8-ounce bottle . My wife was talking to a friend and she suggested the Dr. Brown 's Natural Flow wide neck bottle which she recommended highly . We bought a three pack for trial . We both like these new bottles . I like the fit and feel in my hand . My wife praises the inner gizmo and says it gives the baby less gas to deal with . Hmmmm . Well , we do have a somewhat gaseous baby and he releases such gases at both ends . Just like Daddy , my wife remarked.I do most of the feeding with the bottle . I like the new larger bottle and it 's indentations fit the hand well . With regard to the less gas claim , I ca n't see much of a difference . I still burp him and he can still usually get off a couple pretty good belches after feeding . I do n't mind . I 'm trying to improve his tone and volume . As he gets a little older , I 'll see if I can get him to burp his ABCs . With regard to leakage of gas from the other end , I ca n't see a difference here either . The guy is just gaseous , but I do n't see that it 's doing him any harm , other than embarrassing guests . All in all , I 'd say these bottles are fine and I prefer them over the Avents.Gary Peterson
 I kinda expected the natural flow bottles to not really prevent gas , but I was wrong . After switching to these bottles we have n't had to burp our daughter.The only downside is cleaning time , it can take a bit longer manually washing . Dishwasher it does n't make a difference , and I suppose the extra few seconds it takes to wash is better than the amount of time it takes to burp a baby and is way better than any spitting up as a result !
 Our daughter had a lot of gas and was spitting up all the time . These bottles did not solve the problem , but noticeably helped the situation .
 Pros : Durable , Easy To Clean , Easy To Use , No gas from bottles , No leaksCons
 These are in my opinion the best bottles on the market although they have a lot of pieces and can be tedious to clean . They are worth it . If you are nursing the regular not wide neck are better .
 I never realized how great this product actually was until we used two different brands of bottles . With the Dr.Browns bottle there are no bubbles or the sound of the air in the bottle . When we used the two other brand bottles all you could see were bubbles and the air releasing the bubbles in the bottle which when the suction was released on the nipple would just pour into her mouth.They say Dr. Browns is a great bottle for colicky babies . I would say its a great bottle for any baby . After actually using the other two bottles I have now thrown them out and will only use the Dr. Browns .
 These are the best bottles I have tried yet . The thing that makes them unique is that they really prevent the air bubbles from coming in better than any other bottle we 've tried . The only negative I see is that there are several pieces which makes washing a bit of a nuissance - still , it 's worth it if you have the patience to do a wash a day !
 I purchased this system for my newborn in 10/05 . I love them . They really help with her gas problems . She burped with ease after her feedings . The nipple flow was perfect . I never had a bottle leak at all . The cleaning of all the parts is alot but it was worth it . I would buy again for next child .
 I actually bought these to start off with after having read these reviews and recommending these to friends with colicky babies . They raved about them and said they were definite winners . I am a first time mom . I do n't have a baby that screams or has gas . In fact , I can barely ever get a burp out of my baby . One of the nurses in the hospital where he was born also recommended these to me . She had bought these for her grandchild . Cleaning I ca n't see as an issue . I did as another reviewer recommended . I have an electric tea kettle -LRB- you can buy one for less than 40 bucks -RRB- that keeps water boiling hot on my counter at all times . As soon as he eats , I disassemble the bottle and put the parts into a large container with a few squirts of antibacterial soap and I pour the boiling water on top of it all , submersing everything . I have never even used those mini brushes the bottles come with . I doubt I know where they are .
 These bottles are by far the best we 've used . They 've really helped with my son 's gas . I read a lot of complaints about not being able to shake them , but if you read the directions it makes sense - by shaking any bottles you are creating air bubbles . It 's always smarter to stir it . I just use a cocktail stirrer to stir the bottle when I make it - virtually ZERO bubbles ! I 've never needed to bring a separate container - just buy a couple cheap plastic cocktail stirrers , and you 're set . Cleaning is not a big deal either , it just takes a couple extra seconds . I rotate between the dishwasher and handwashing them . I highly recommend these bottles - well worth the extra pennies - they really do make a difference !
 I tried wide neck Dr. Brown 's bottles when my son was about 9 weeks old and had been being awakened at night to pass gas . He has always been spitty and burped ALOT too . These bottles are great . Within a couple of feedings I was convinced that these are the best bottles on the market . Yeah , there are two extra pieces to clean , but it 's worth it to me for my childs comfort . -LRB- and both of us sleep longer -RRB- And , yeah they 're a bit pricey , but I was switching from Avent , which are $ 4.00 / bottle and the wide neck Dr. Brown 's are $ 5.00 a bottle-not that big of a difference . You DO have to read the directions . All the negative reviews I read were just people who did not read directions . I have not had 1 problem w/leaking or anything else . -LRB- although I never transport full bottles-I make them as I need them , and if we 're out and about I use bottled water -RRB- . I keep an empty regular bottle w/me to prepare , warm and shake the formula in , because you ca n't shake these bottles . Yes , slightly more time consuming from all aspects ... cleaning and preparing but SOOOOOO worth it . My son burps quickly now and does n't spit up as much , and has not woken up during the night just to pass gas since he 's been using these . Oh , I called the company , you can boil/sterilize all parts of these bottles . -LRB- the directions are misleading . -RRB- And the customer service was good , they called be back w/in a few hours to answer my question about sterilizing them and they also e-mailed me promptly . YOU HAVE TO TRY THESE BOTTLES IF YOUR BABY HAS EXCESSIVE GAS OR SPIT UP .
 My son took a bottle for the first time around 4 weeks of age . We would try to give him one bottle a day while I nursed him the other feedings . Because of many recommendations , I went out and bought loads of Avent bottles , but when my son drank from them , he gulped , choked , and got milk all over himself -LRB- even after trying all of the nipple sizes -RRB- . Finally , he began to reject the bottle and I was forced to be at home every time he needed to eat so I could nurse him . That loss of freedom hit me hard , so in desperation , I went out and got a Dr. Brown 's bottle , because they were another brand that I saw had great recommendations . With the first try , he took the Dr. Brown 's bottle perfectly ! There was no gulping , choking , or mess , and I received some of my freedom back ! My son is happier , I 'm happier , and I 'm thankful for Dr. Brown 's bottles for making that happen .
 My son was very fussy and was getting tummy aches because of the bubbles he would ingest with other bottles . Once we switched to Dr. Brown 's he was much better . He was not able to blow bubbles into this bottle because of its design . My only complaint is that the tall 8 oz bottles and the wide neck bottles do not have the same nipple . One is much longer and skinnier and it took my son some getting used to . I think the nipple should be the same if it is the same brand of bottle .
 When our youngest daughter was about 4 weeks , she started taking the bottle full time . We 'd used the Playtex Vent Aire bottles with my older daughter , so did n't hesitate to try them out with her . They were awful . When she was awake she was only happy for what seems like minutes , then she would start crying and passing loud gas . The nipple literally was so slow it would take her a half hour to an hour to finish 2 ounces and she would fall asleep only to wake up a half hour later screaming for the rest of her bottle ! It was insane . I literally bought one of each bottle on the market -LRB- Avent , Evenflo Comfi , Playtex Vent Aires , to name a few -RRB- to try out with her in hopes of relieving her pain and making us BOTH happier . When I tried these bottles -LRB- finally , after 3 weeks of `` bottle trials '' -RRB- , we knew we had a winner . My daughter was like a changed baby ! She was happy after a feeding , and it literally took half the time it took her to finish any other bottle . The first night she slept through the night 9 straight hours . She 's been doing so ever since . I ca n't believe what a difference these bottles have made in my baby . Who would think a bottle would make such tremendous changes in an 8 week old ? I certainly did n't , but now I 'm convinced . I will never use another bottle for my baby , or future children for that matter . The Dr. Brown 's are worth every penny . The cleaning of the extra parts is NOTHING . I would wash 15 extra parts for a baby as happy as mine . I love the wide-neck bottles too , the nipple is the perfect shape and flow . The Avents have a similar nipple but my daughter would dribble out the sides of her mouth and suck in tons of air . She ended up gassy and covered in formula . It sucked ! Dr. Brown 's alleviated this problem completely . Hooray for Dr. Brown 's !
 I have three children , a 4.5 year old , a 2 year old , and a 5 month old.With my older children any bottle worked , so naturally we went with cheaper bottles . But my 3rd child was born prematurly , and wasnt getting enough formula . He was constantly sucking -LRB- not enough income -RRB- and would become tired . I wound up having to soley breastfeed , and he wouldnt take the breastmilk from a bottle ! He also spit up , and was a very uncomfortable baby , and would cry constantly.I decided to switch to the `` high maitanance '' , bottles ... and of course they worked ! The one thing I dont like is when people do not read directions , and they write a bad review for a product that doesnt deserve it . I know that every product will have bad reviews -LRB- maybe dud bottles ? -RRB- but if you read the instructions , and use the bottle correctly , it will satisfy you . So right away if you dont want a `` high maitancance '' bottle , than do not buy these.They take about 30 seconds longer to make a bottle . First I mix formula , or breastmilk in another bottle -LRB- like a plain Gerber bottle that I plan to use later on when hes older -RRB- . You CAN NOT shake this bottle while liquid is inside , or it will leak . Then I simply pour it into the D.B -LRB- Dr. Brown -RRB- and attatch the parts ... My baby is able to drink a bottle faster , easier , and afterwards is much more relaxed -LRB- although he still does burp , and get a bit gassy -RRB- . I found cleaning them after each use was a must if possible . If I was out for the day , and my baby finishes the bottle I will wash it when I get home . I simply wash it like any other bottle , with hot water , and antibacterial soap . I use the brush provided for the vent , and I also put them in the dishwasher . And then occasionally they get thrown into my sterelizer.The bottles happen to be great in diaperbags , and they dont leak if they are put together correctly . I am now trying to wean my baby off D.B 's and onto the Gerber Comfortholds , and the regular Gerbers , just because -LRB- 1 -RRB- he will be drinking more than just milk , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- because the Gerbers ARE easier.All in all if you have a baby with eating/nursing problems , purchase the Dr.Browns . If your baby is `` fine '' , I would highly reccomend another , easier , brand .
 After a rough start with our daughter -LRB- surgery @ 3 wks -RRB- we tried everything to relieve excess gas . Though they take some more time and effort to clean , we noticed a huge change in her with her very first feeding . I am so impressed , that I will never buy another bottle again . I highly recommend these bottles for anyone with a new baby !
 Our daughter had a HUGE problem with gas from birth . We started her out with the Avent bottles but the gas was just too much of an issue . My sister-in-law told me she used these bottles with my niece and they really worked . We switched and noticed a difference immediately . She burps better and has no HUGE problems with gas anymore . The wide neck ones are nice because they are easier for her to grip . The cleaning and assembly does take some extra time but it is well worth it for a gas free baby !
 I had read reviews on all of the different types of bottles while I was pregnant because I wanted to get the best kind for my baby . Dr. Brown 's had the best reviews so I put them on my registry . After first using them I thought that they did n't work because my baby kept really bad gas all the time . She pretty much did nothing but cry in pain for the first month . So , thinking that the bottles did n't work , we switched to the Avent bottles , but she still had gas all the time . Finally our pediatrician suggested switching her to a soy based formula . This made a difference , she was n't nearly as fussy as before , but she still seemed to get gas often & when she did get it she would scream until her little face turned dark red . So , we decided to try the Dr. Brown 's bottles one more time , since it had seemed that the biggest problem was that she could n't tolerate the formula she had been on in the beginning . Since switching back to the Dr. Brown 's bottles we have n't had a problem with her having gas anymore . I have had no problems at all with these bottles leaking . In fact just the other day I had a bottle in the diaper bag & it was in the bottom of the stroller , when my sister was putting the stroller back in the trunk she forgot the diaper bag was there & folded it up in the stroller . We did n't realize this until we got home , & when I got it out the diaper bag had been turned upside down the whole way home , but none of the milk had spilled or even leaked from the bottle . However , the Avent bottles leaked terribly !!! Once , I packed one in the diaper bag to take to my mother 's house , & when I got there half of the formula had spilled out ! We only use Dr. Brown 's bottles now , & I would recommend them to anyone .
 Avalon Organics sunscreen rubs on clear , has no scent , and protects my little guy 's skin from sun damage . I applied this 20 minutes before taking a nice long walk in the sun today , and his skin is still white as snow . Amazing product , I 'll definitely buy this again .
 Great sunscreen for our baby . We are very concerned with SPF protection AND with keeping harmful chemicals away from her . This sunscreen does both . It is pleasant , not greasy and scent free . We live in Georgia where the sun can be brutal and she wears this all day at the beach -LRB- with a couple of re-applications -RRB- and she has never gotten burned . We are VERY happy with this product .
 Everyone in my family uses this sunscreen . It rubs in easily and is n't greasy at all . Great protection overall and no harsh chemicals !
 We 've only had a couple opportunities to use the sunscreen on our infant -LRB- once at 4 months , another time at 7 months -RRB- and we kept her in the shade most of that time so it was hard to say just how effective it was . However , I can say that her skin did not react in any way and it had a pleasant smell.The real test was when her dad used the sunscreen one day -LRB- we had run out of adult sunscreen -RRB- . He applied it once in the morning and was out in the sun all day -LRB- watching tennis -RRB- and did not burn at all . We were very impressed .
 I purchased this for my 8 month old for his trips to the playground . Since living in southern california , the sun is very strong . Lotion goes on smooth without any white residue . It doesnt have a strong smell , maybe a subtle pleasant one . My son seems to be liking it and no sunburns thus far ! I recommend it !
 This is a great sunblock , and great ones are hard to come by . This one has a light fresh scent and has good coverage for everyday adventures . I use this product myself not just for my baby .
 I bought this for my baby daughter because of the low SPF . It has worked pretty well so far . I 've only seen a little pink on her . I would recommend this for other babies . Next year we will use a higher SPF
 I purchased this for my 21/2 year old grandson who comes to visit when we are at the shore . His parents only use organic products on him . This was a great price and delivery was fast .
 I use Avalon Organics Lavender bath and shower gel in bath and for hands in bathroom . Love the smell and the way it lathers into soft bubbles .
 This stuff is great !! is non irritating to the skin and the lavender scent relaxes you while in the bath or shower . Highly recomend this brand and soap !!
 I 've had this stroller for a little under a year and I have to say it 's one of the best I 've ever seen , as far as umbrella strollers go . I was afraid when I first ordered it because I could n't find very many reviews , but it looked good and the stats sounded great so I went ahead and got it . Best decision I ever made . It has all wheel suspension -LRB- which I think probably needs a little time to warm up cause you ca n't tell at first -RRB- , full recline , two-position leg rest , a nice big seat that even I fit into , a nice sized basket -LRB- except that you have to access it from the side when the seat is fully reclined -RRB- , it has a very sturdy frame -- none of the drunken weaving you get on some strollers , and maneuverability is fantastic -- I 've even taken it off-road on zoo trails . The only downsides I can see are that the carry handle is on the straight bar at the back of the stroller -LRB- It 's right in the middle but the stroller 's weight is not evenly distributed so it makes for an awkward carry holding it there . I just grab it by the handles -RRB- , the canopy does n't really keep the sun out when the seat 's reclined , and that it 's kind of heavy -- about 18 lbs -LRB- I live in the city though , and I manage to get the baby out and into the sling , the stroller folded , and the baby bag on my shoulder in about 2 minutes in order to get on the buses , which can be pretty crowded sometimes -RRB- . My daughter loves the stroller . The most upright position lets her see everything and she 's really nosy , so that 's great . In the fully reclined position , she can take a decent nap and the ride is smooth enough that I can stay on the move while she sleeps . All in all , a super stroller ! I 'm thinking about getting one for my nephew !
 Actually I bought this pillow for my wife since she is pregnant with our 1st child . Now being a first time pregnant will change a lot of things within woman body . This includes back pain , stomach cramps and nick problems , which is due to the over size a woman gain . By watching all these changes happen to my wife , and browsing the net for some items to help reduce and/or relief her from these pains we found this excellent pillow that helped supporting all her body and maintained her body structure in a good position by reducing all the back pain and front cramps . So for all new father and mother To-be go for it , it is worth every $ .
 These changing pad covers are just plain white t-shirt type cotton . They 're nothing fancy but work great and you can bleach all your baby 's little mishaps right out of them . I 'd buy them again .
 I bought these for myself after trying one to remove makeup at one of my beauty stores . My skin immediately loved them ! I could not believe it ! I have rosacea , oily skin and sensitive skin ; with that being said , a product has to be superb in all the areas for my skin to like it . Did I mention I 'm also sensitive to strong scents ? I loved everything about this wipe that I had to have them . I 'm glad they sold this item there ; I hate it when they use certain products , and when you inquire about them the response is `` I 'm sorry those are not for sale '' . I went in there getting a specific item , and walked out of there with that and my Mustela facial cleansing cloths ! To see my skin calm , comfortable , and moisturized makes me happy !
 THIS RUG IS NICE AND COLORFUL IT LOOKS GREAT IN BOYS ROOM , THE MATERIAL IS THICK ITS A GREAT BUY .
 I needed an umbrella stroller and I was all ready to buy a Maclaren Quest because of the good reviews . But I saw this at the store next to the Maclaren Quest and fell in love right away . Not only does it look better , the Maclaren looks downright cheap next to it . The fabric is much better on the Baby Planet , the fabric on the Maclaren looks and feels like a cheap pair of khakis . The Baby Planet feels more like a piece of good luggage , like a Tumi.The Baby Planet has a much more comfortable looking seat because it is padded -LRB- unlike the Maclaren -RRB- , and the hood is much more substantial . Also , it folded much easier . When I tried to fold the Maclaren , I could barely get it to work . I also could barely fit my foot between the rear wheels to activate the wheel locks on the Maclaren.On the Baby Planet , you just push up on the leg rest to adjust it up . You push a round button to push it back down . On the Maclaren , you have to pull out little pieces of metal on each side to get the leg rest to be horizontal . Finally , when I saw how the seat reclined on the Baby Planet , I was sold . There are straps under the seat tied together by a plastic restraint . You simple pull on the plastic restraint , this loosens the straps , and the seat reclines to ANY angle you want !! I have never seen this before but it makes perfect sense . The Maclaren has 4 positions only , like most strollers.When I assembled it , it was super easy -LRB- took about 5 minutes -RRB- and the pieces all feel well made . The wheels are also bigger than the wheels that come on a Maclaren , which makes for a more comforable ride . I just took it for a trip , it pushes like a dream.The only complaint I have is that there are metal bars that criss-cross through the center of the storage basket.Otherwise , this is the stroller I have been waiting for ! Lightweight and well made !
 We just purchased this and are generally very pleased with the stroller . It seems sturdy , is easy to fold and unfold , and has a nice sunshade , cupholder , and cushiony seat for our 6 month old . He seems very comfortable . Steering is easy , and I like that it is quite narrow.A few things came up that almost made us return it - the main issue being that the handles are not extensible , like they are on the deluxe model . Since we live in a very hilly neighborhood , longer handles would be easier on the back , especially for my husband -LRB- who is 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- The second issue is the cross bar in the basket , which makes it difficult to carry large objects . But this is minor . The stroller is sturdy and balanced , so there have been no tipping problems with a full diaper bag hanging from the handlebars.In general , we 're happy with the price/quality of this stroller , and I love that it can be recycled or repurposed by the company when we 're done with it .
 Like many others , I researched strollers and tried many out before narrowing my decision down to the Maclaren Quest Sport and the Baby Planet Solo Sport . I decided to go with the Baby Planet because the basket is bigger . After having the stroller for a month or so , we have decided that it 's just not a good fit for us . We do n't really like the umbrella style fold strollers but thought that was our only option to get a lightweight compact stroller . We are going to sell the Baby Planet and get the Peg Perego Aria OH . That said , here are my likes and dislikes about the Baby Planet.Pros for me : Green stroller companyVery solid/sturdy strollerDoes n't tip no matter what you hang on the handlesVery stylish -LRB- we got the Titanium color -RRB- Bigger basket than other umbrella fold strollersCan access the basket from the back , front , and sidesVery smooth rideGreat weight capacity -LRB- 55 lbs -RRB- Easy reclineAbout the same footprint as MaclarenEasy to push , wheels do n't stickLarge sun canopy completely covers my babyI LOVE the connectors on the 5-point harnessSeemed to be very comfortable for our 14 mo old except for the recline -LRB- see below cons -RRB- Cons for me : There is a crossbar going through the basket . It did n't bother me that much though , our LL Bean diaper bag fit above the crossbars ... and we could put smaller shopping bags , toys , etc under the crossbars.The cup holder is not great , but decent -LRB- much better than the Peg Aria -RRB- In full upright position the back is a little more reclined than the Mac and a lot more reclined than the Peg Aria - our baby hates being reclined . The part that the baby sits on has a deep recline in it , which * I * would like , but my daughter did n't like that much.No snack tray and I could not find a universal tray that would work with it because the stroller frame is half-moon shaped and not tubular.The brakes stick out beyond the wheels so you can not roll the stroller down the stairs without scratching them upWhen you fold the stroller , it makes the leg rest go straight out ... you have to adjust the leg rest down each time you open the stroller if you do n't want it sticking straight out.The stroller folds compactly , but the latch does n't hold it as compact at the Maclaren . This throws the weight off balance causing the stroller to feel heavier than it actually is.There is no carry handle.Though lightweight , it 's heavier than most umbrella strollers - 17 to 18 poundsOverall I would recommend this stroller to those who are looking for a good non-tippy umbrella fold stroller with more storage than the traditional umbrella stroller . We just did n't know at the time that we would prefer a light-weight full-sized stroller , so the Baby Planet just was n't for us .
 1 . Could n't find Charcoal color @local BBB store but Amazon had it .2 . Smooth Handling , light , sturdy structure .3 . Flat down feature is a plus . Other 3-1000 dollar models only offer 3 positions . -LRB- Our 1 month old baby loves to ride this stroller in our living room . -RRB- 4 . Bit hard to fold and unfold .5 . Great buy .
 This stroller is awesome . It is a very good looking stroller . It comes with a huge basket and is super light.I can push it with one hand -LRB- and it does n't go in a circle like my chicco c5 which broke after 1 use -RRB- The handles are comfortbale I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and my husband is 5 ' 11 '' . My son who is 2 is comfortable in the seat without being all cramped up . There is plenty room to grow . It also holds up to 55lbs . It would 've gotten 5 stars if it came with a rain cover and a handle for easy carry and putting it in the trunk and/or airport security belt . At the price it should 've , but a small sacrafice for comfort for the little guy .
 I have been shopping around for a lightweight stroller and I came across this one . I did not get to test it out , but it looked great and had everything I was looking for . The stroller arrived on Monday , and I love it ! It was very easy to put together . It looks great , the fabric is really nice . It folds up super easy and my 4 month was able to sit in it no problem . It reclines to any position you need ! Super Perk ! The only down side is the giant medal X that is going through the center of the basket at the bottom . Love the stroller , and I have already put it to use ! Great Find !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you are not interested in buying one of the high-end strollers -LRB- the Quinny 's and Bugaboo 's of the world -RRB- , then go with this stroller . Reclines nicely for my son to sleep in and the `` awning '' over my son creates a nice little dark space to keep him asleep . Also , the wheels have survived some cobblestone streets and DC sidewalks , and we 've had no trouble turning the thing quickly and easily . The storage basket underneath is a bit hard to stick stuff in when the child is fully reclined , but it really has n't been a problem and it does store quite a bit of stuff . It reclines and opens easily and is definitely on the lighter side . Downsides
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this stroller ! I was a little leary after reading the reviews , but went ahead a took a chance . It is a little heavier than what I expected , but it 's just because it is built well and has aluminum instead of plastic . It feels like nothing will break on this . It is very sturdy and definitely kid proof . I like the fact that there is not a bar in front of the child - it makes it easier to get my kiddos in and out . The cup holder is nice and I am going to contact the manufacturer and see if I can order another one for the other side . It is easy to put together -LRB- less than 5 minutes -RRB- and it is easy to put up and take down , once you get used to it . The basket does have the metal bars through it , but a medium-sized purse can go on top and maybe some smaller bags on the bottom - it was better than I thought it would be after reading the reviews . My 21/2 and 41/2 year old fit in here wonderfully . The wheels work fine , just make sure the brakes are off on ALL of the wheels , or else they will stick . Handles are nice and no bending over to push ! Very satisfied with purchase - if hesitant , go for it !
 After A LOT of research I chose this stroller and I am very happy with it . It fully reclines so you can use it for a one month old newborn and you can use it for a child up to 55lbs max . It is well made and nicely padded . I find it very easy to open and fold . It holds a diaper bag on it 's handle and will not tip backwards . It looks different in a very cool way . The only drawback is that the underbasket can not hold large items due to a large X frame . But it holds many small to medium sized bags . This stroller knocks Maclaren out of the park !!!!!
 I like how this stroller folds compact enough to fit behind a car seat . I had a combi before this stroller and liked the fact that there was a strap attached to the stroller so that you could carry it over your shoulder , i wished this stroller had one ! its heavier than the combi , but it is easier to maneuver and the ride is smooth . I also like the basket and how far back the seat reclines when my dtr takes a nap . It also has a nice , big sunshade , where as my combi didnt . Overall , its a great stroller .
 This is the forth stroller I 've purchased since my son was born 7 months ago , and I have n't been happy with any untill this one !!! It is AMAZING !!! Worth every penny . It 's the easist stroller I 've ever put together , and its narrow enough to get through alot of those department store eisles . It 's extremly sturdy , like a full size stroller would be , but with the convience of an umbrella . If I had to add one more thing to the stroller itself , it would only be an extra cup holder . GET THIS STROLLER , ITS AWESOME !!!
 After reading reviews for Maclaren and Chicco strollers , I decided to purchase the Baby Planet Solo Sport . First of all , it was easy to assemble . I had to practice folding it a few times before I got the folding down . We brought it to Disneyland for 3 days this week and it was easy to fold and take on the parking lot tram . My 17 month old was able to fall asleep a few times with the seat reclined all the way down . I do find the stroller easy to maneuver . I found the crossbars in the middle of the basket awkward , but you can place items underneath it . Overall , I think it 's a sturdy , lightweight stroller and in my opinion worth every penny .
 Love this stroller ! It has all the stuff MacLaren has and more . Looks like way better quality as well . The only bad part is - Does not fold small , and has a weird X thing in the bottom where you put the baby bag . Also if you have a wide leg stance , like my husband , your feet constatly run into the wheels . Otherwise , It 's great ! Perfect for both sexes .
 After my third attempt to find the right stroller , I ordered baby plant solo sport and love love love it . . Cool , easy to use , comfortable . .
 We bought this stroller when our baby outgrew the Pram . Since then it has been all over San Diego and Disneyland ! The baby can easily take naps in the stroller when we are out because it reclines into a bed position . The foot rest also adjust to keep her little feet supported until they are long enough to dangle comfortably . The handles are easy to hold onto and there is plenty of room for me to strap on the diaper bag . It is a very sturdy stroller . We had trouble with the canopy , I think it became distorted when it got too hot in the sun , but Baby Planet had a new one to us within the week so we did not have to miss any outings .
 We purchased this stroller to take w / us to all of our older kids ball practices instead of lugging the big heavy stroller in the car all the time . I love the color and the fact that you can adjust the seat to recline how ever much you need it to and that it has a cup holder for me ! I am very happy w / this purchase
 I had a Chicco Ct 0.6 stroller for my 2 year old daughter . It was great but she had a growth spurt and gained too much weight to be in it so I decided to get a new stroller -LRB- mind , she 's now only 31 lbs -RRB- . I got this one , not knowing what it 'd be like but I listened to the reviews and I 'm glad I did ! This is the best stroller ever , I do n't know how I managed the last two years without it and I 've only had it for two days ! I ca n't believe there would be a parent who does n't have this stroller!Baby Planet Solo Sport Stroller Crimson
 I reviewed strollers , like other mothers , for a few weeks before I decided on this one . I wanted a cheap and well designed stroller for my toddler . We got to the zoo and in airports and malls a lot !!! I like this stroller for almost every reason . It has a really cute look and comfy padding for my son . It folds rather small and quite easily . It 's light . My only issues were this
 This stroller is very sturdy . I never have to worry about it tipping , even with shopping bags attached to the handles . The angle of it keeps my feet from kicking the wheels , a problem I 've had with other strollers . It is so easy to maneauver , even over bumpy roads . My son -LRB- 18 months -RRB- can fall asleep in it , and I can recline it without ever waking him up . He loves the adjustable foot rest , which keeps his legs in a comfortable position at all times.It does have a basket , but the way the frame sits above the basket makes it difficult to fully utilize the basket . It is not terribly lightweight , but this has n't been an issue since I use it for pushing , not carrying ; - -RRB- Overall I love this stroller . Great buy .
 We purchased this stroller in 2005 and have completely enjoyed using it . It 's relatively light , packs up small , opens with one hand -LRB- and one foot -RRB- , and accommodates a child from about 4 months to about 4 years . Some people advocate travel systems , but if you prefer to travel light , live in an urban area , are in and out of your car a lot , travel by airplane , or use public transportation , Maclaren is your buddy.In comparison , travel systems are so clunky ... and they really only work for infants . There are some very hip-looking strollers out there , but they 're pricey . How much do you really want to spend on a stroller fer cryin out loud ? Does your kid really need a drink holder?The Quest has the highest handle height of any of the Maclaren strollers . This was a key factor for us as I am nearly 5 ' 9 '' and my husband is 6 ' 3 '' .
 Yes , this jogger has a stationary front wheel but I really do n't think that is a major issue . My child is 18 months and 22 pounds and it is easy to `` pop a wheelie '' and turn the jogger , but if the front tire drags that could cause premature wear on it -LRB- it is solid rubber and the two rear tires pump up -RRB- . If you have two kids in the jogger or if you child is older or heavier this may be more difficult.For the price you ca n't beat it since it does both . The cheapest jogger/trailers we found at bike shops were $ 229 and up and a trailer-only was $ 129 . I do n't know why little tykes made the front wheel stationary and they should change it -LRB- it was not made stationary to keep the jogger from turning over as far as I can tell -RRB- . Assembly of this product was not easy -LRB- pictures only , no text -RRB- . I have assembled MANY things and this took me a good solid hour because many parts are dependent on the position of others .
 This is a really great product . It 's extremly durable , like most Little Tykes products . Using it as a trailer was easy . It 's easy to switch from trailer to stroller . Folded it does not take up much space . The only problem I found with it is the way it handles as a stroller . As long as you are going straight there 's not much effort in pushing it . Taking turns is a bit difficult .
 Our daughter loves her Cozy Cruiser , which we use as a trailer but not as a jogging stroller ... fortunately , however , she was n't around for the two hours it took her pitiful parents to put this thing together ! The instructions are solely picture-based and are extremely vague - we had some pieces in and out 4 or more times . The mechanism which connects the trailer to the bike is poorly designed - you could easily use three people just to attach the bike to the trailer - one to support the bike , one to support the trailer bar and one to hook the connector to the bike - but usually there 's only one parent available during the day so you have to fumble around trying to attach it . We 're also a little concerned with the durability of the connection . Obviously the designers thought you 'd only hook it up once , then leave it in your garage ... well , we live in a townhouse with no garage and a small patio so the bike & trailer have to come inside every night and be disconnected ... not too convenient . Once assembled , though , a great product which allows parent and child a lot of fun and freedom .
 I absolutely love this product . I purchased it last week for my 2 year old twin boys . I 've taken them bike riding every night since ! The product is sturdy and comfortable and pulls along effortlessly . I do not find a problem with lumps in the tires as some of your other reviewers claim , however , I did take the advice in the directions , and did not over inflate them . I love it as a bike trailer , but must admit , I have not used it as a jogging stroller yet , so I ca n't comment on that .
 I used this trailer for about 6 years with my three sons . The quality has been great . With the hard bottom , there 's no worrying about nylon ripping . The wheels are in good shape -LRB- I avoid curbs -RRB- . It is super easy to attach to the bike -LRB- if you can turn a knob -RRB- . There is plenty of room put 2 kids , and still stash water and a picnic in the back compartment . I used it as a stroller a couple times , not the best for that . All in all a good purchase .
 I bought this jogger after reading all of the reviews . I was a little optimistic at first , but as usual with little tikes , everything turned out to be okay !! My kids love riding in it , and i love using it . I jog on a flat surface , so there are no bumps , but i assume if the surface is not smooth , the ride for the kids will not be smooth as well . I would not blame it on the wheels of the jogger . To me , they seem very durable and long lasting .
 My kids and I absolutely love our cruiser . I have a 1 year old , and a 3 year old -LRB- 25 and 35 pounds -RRB- and we take our cruiser everywhere . In spring , summer , fall we pull it on the bike and it is great exercise and we do n't have to insure our vehicle . In the winter we can push it through the snow even before the sidewalks are plowed -LRB- and we can pull the cover over the top so the kids do n't experience the wind chill that I do -RRB- . No the front wheel does not turn , but I do n't think this is a problem at all . Unless you have absolutely no arm muscle and can not pick the front wheel up , but I have no problem with the 60 pounds I push around . I think this is the greatest invention and people stop us on the street to jokingly ask for a ride and to say how great it looks and how cute the kids are ... I would n't trade mine in for anything , and I will be very disappointed when the kids are too big for it .
 Along with it being handy to store toys , it is also wonderful to protect your seat from unfortunate spills and sickness . I 've had both
 It takes cares of your car seat and has a valuable pockets to keep small toys . The material looks and feels decent . I strongly recommend this for your car .
 This item is great ... My nine month old likes to have toys on our trips . So this item is just what we needed ; it 's durable , easy to clean and a great place to store my little girl 's toys without the car being cluttered !
 Purchased two of these car seat protectors and very pleased with the quality . It helps prevents the base to the car seat from sliding across the leather seat . Also , helps prevent the base from marking up the leather seats . Lastly the pockets in front are very useful . I would recommend this product .
 The pillows are just the right size for a crib and extremely soft . They are also easy to wash . My only complaint is that I wish I could get more of them in different colors !
 I absolutly loved these pillows ! They are true to color and soft and bigger than I expected . Loved them !
 These stars reside in our son 's crib in his `` Under the Sea '' themed nursery . He loves them ! They are so soft ... he likes to nuzzle against them and fall asleep . They seem to be well-made . We 've had them for over 6 months now ... he pulls on them , goobers on them ... and they are in excellent condition . Really pleased with the product overall .
 The hamper is way more cute than it looks in the picture . I am glad I ordered it . It is lightweight enough for me to carry it to the laundry room . It has some netting inside to catch the dirty clothes so that you do n't have to worry about the cloth hamper getting dirty . I am using it in my girl 's nursery . It can definitely be used for either a girl or a boy .
 I love everything about this , especially the ` green ' attitude of the company and how this is a lightweight stroller that fully reclines so my little one can nap in it -LRB- not to mention change his diaper in it too -RRB- . The canopy is great because it fully covers my 6 month old baby . I 've had this for 1 month now and my baby boy loves his stroller rides . He likes kicking on the bar and taking his pudgy hands and pawing the material of the stroller . -LRB- curious baby & likes the sound it makes when his hands scratch the fabric -RRB- It 's a very stylish looking stroller as well . Some of the strollers out there look kind of weird.However there are two things that really bother me
 I love this stroller ! It has everything I was looking for . It is fairly lightweight . The fact that it is a full feature , full size stroller with an umbrella-style fold goes over big with me . We can store it just about anywhere . The materials are quality and the recycling program is a plus in my book . The stability is good too . I have put my heavy purse and a diaper bag as well as some shopping bags on the back of this stroller with no problem . We 've used it already over many types of terrain with no problem - grass , blacktop , broken sidewalks , etc. - and it holds up well . The baby does n't bounce around too much either . The canopy is good - covers the baby very well . The back support is good as well . I had looked at several strollers where the back padding in the seat was insufficient to the point where you felt the bars through the padding and I have n't noticed that at all with this stroller . Our 22 lb , 28 inch 7 month old has been very comfortable and sleeps easily in this one . Which brings me to the multi-recline feature - a definite plus which is more than I can say for some other strollers of this style . The telescoping handles are a luxury - not necessary for my husband and I , but we do use the feature and it 's quite nice.Now , my two minor dislikes
 My husband and i were so tired to waist money on cheap umbrella stroller ... we ordered the deluxe baby planet stroller in mocha and pink ... It 's a dream come true !!!! this stroller is wonderful , colorful and cushiony.It 's even better than the Maclaren ... It 's steers like butter.This stroller has the extendable handles -LRB- my husband and i are tall -RRB- , so we do n't have to bend ourself on the stroller ... the canopy fully recline to protect the baby from the wind , the sun ; the seat fully reclines too , and the baby can be comfortable with the extended legs rest.The nap bar protect baby from falling , and it 's removable too.the basket is big enough to put your stuff inside.My 2years daughter really enjoys her new stroller , my husband and i enjoy pushing it.I highly recommend it !!
 I ordered my stroller here on Amazon , not realizing that they put the Deluxe and the Solo Sport in the same ad . The Solo Sport does NOT have a napper bar , and it does not have handles that extend.Other than not getting the napper bar I had hoped I was getting I am pleased with our purchase . It handles well , has a decent size storage area and will do well with our son who likes to sleep on his tummy . : -RRB- The handle bars are comfortable unlike the Mclaren ones that are rubber and just do n't feel comfortable.I would buy this again ... with the napper bar -LRB- to hang toys on , and to have a cup holder for the child -RRB- . ** a year later ** Now that I have had this a year , I will say it is hard to steer one handed . I would have / should have found a stroller I could steer one handed .
 This stroller was purchased thru a discount retailer at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- so for the price I paid I think it is a great stroller . The best features are the reclining seat that is very easy to use and has unlimited reclining positions and is suitable for an infant . The canopy is fabulous it actually provides shade and can be opened even larger and extended forward for maximum coverage while still allowing a peekaboo window to see your child . I also like the nap bar which is hard to find in an umbrella type stroller . Another good feature is the extendable handle bars which should work for tall people . Folds easily and pretty compactly but my maclaren is better . Light weight for all the features it has.What I do not like
 WOW !!! I 've been looking for a lightweight stroller for some time . Finally I found it !!! I wanted all the convenience of my big stroller but in something smaller . It has the largest basket I have seen on an `` umbrella '' stroller . It has a cup holder for you and your child -LRB- you can even use it to put snacks in , that 's what I do -RRB- and the sun shade is so large . It actually covers your child from the sun -LRB- and rain and wind -RRB- . I was n't that crazy about the pink on the stroller when I opened it up but everything else was perfect . What a find !!! Glides nicely , easy to move through doors and it reclines to where YOU want it , not where it has to go . Very nice option . Very pleased . You will love it too !
 I am looking at purchasing this stroller & found this very recent review at `` Success Through Play '' : http://successthroughplay.blogspot.com/2008/06/baby-planet-solo-deluxe-stroller.htmlBest of luck , parents !
 i really like this stroller . it folds great . the canopy is super great ! with the unzip feature that makes the shade bigger , it goes all the way down to the black foam lap bar . my son likes to `` hide '' in the stroller . it 's great with the extendable handles . i 'm 5 ' 8 and even though that 's not that tall i have a really hard time finding a stroller that i do n't kick the wheels . i was searching for a good tall stroller that was lightweight and easily foldable and this one definitely fit the bill . worked great on the plane . my 3 year old -LRB- 39 '' , 34lbs -RRB- still fits ok and my baby has fit in here nicely since birth . very comfy padded seat . nice cupholder . overall very nice stroller
 I bought this stroller to replace my Peg Perego Pliko P3 - it just wore out -LRB- six years later -RRB- ... I bought the Solo Deluxe because it had telescoping handles - I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and my husband is 6 ' 4 '' . The stroller is sleek - and very easy to set up and break down . I really like that the parent and child cups can go on either side . I wish it folded a little smaller like the Pliko ... but , all in all , it 's a great stroller . I take it everywhere : - -RRB-
 There is no pocket for things -LRB- i.e. cell phone , sunglasses -RRB- at the top of this stroller , which is something that we really miss . Other than that , we like this stroller . It is easy to open and close , and seems pretty sturdy .
 This stroller is exceptionally nice . It is very easy to fold and unfold , is comfortable for the child , and maneuvers easily . It is narrow enough to fit through aisles in stores without catching on everything . The metal bracing does get in the way of the basket that is underneath but not so much that it detracts from the great value of this stroller . I would highly recommend the stroller .
 We purchased this stroller about 2 mos ago . I was hesitant to buy it w/out trying it first but decided to take a chance . We love it ! The handles adjust for height & they are paddled for comfort . The wheels offer a smooth ride . The toy bar is nice to hang toys on or rest feet on . It fits in my small sedan trunk nicely . It does take 2 hands to open & close , but once you get the hang of it , it 's easy . The sun shade is great !! It has the see thru window in back & front & goes almost all the way down to the toy bar if needed . It protects my son from wind or sun . The storage space is okay . Part of the frame takes away some of the space but it does hold the diaper bag & some other items w/no problem . Plus it looks great !!
 This is the best stroller I have ever used . I love how you can push it with one hand while holding another childs hand . My husband can push it and he is 6 ' 4 . The stroller has ALL the feachers of a full size but in a compact size . Folds so easy .
 This is one of the best strollers I 've seen yet ! Not only did I love how stylish it was , but it has so many wonderful features too ! I love how easy it is to steer . The adjustable footrest makes it comfy for my little one to sit comfortable . Some other smart features includes the telescoping handles and auto-lock fold . My husband even loves this stroller ! He likes the removable cup holder that can be used on either side of the stroller the best . Who would 've thought ?
 I love luxury gift items for babies . This is something they will have forever and pass down to their children 's children . Great price on a classic item ! Regular shipping was prompt .
 item as agreed . British made and current produced items are often produced offshore . Pleased with purchase and delivery .
 I have 6 grandkids & each one has received the bunnykins bowl & cup when they were born.They are still used by my 5 , 6 , & 7 yr olds . The shape of the inside of bowl is shaped to make the food easier to `` scoop '' onto the spoonPlease do n't be afraid to use everyday , trust me , they are very sturdy.When my oldest was born -LRB- 39 years old now -RRB- he received s bowl & I gave it back to him when he had his first born.She loves it !
 So pleased to find the Bunnykins for a baby gift and to have it arrive well-packaged . It was received with great pleasure by the recipients who had Bunnykins china when THEY were babies .
 I have bought this product before and am very pleased with the purchase and feel it is a great gift to give a new baby .
 i ordered two of these sets as shown for my daughters but i recieved one set as pictured , and one different set with the cereal bowl and plate and one handled cup . so ... i did not get what i ordered , but i 'm not complaining because it works fine for my girls . both sets are beautiful and functional . just be aware you may not get what exactly is pictured ! too bad.i had a bunny bowl as a child and cherished it . these dishes seem to be of the same caliber quality and are really lovely .
 It is a pleasure doing business with Amazon . I only wanted one of the Bunnykin sets , but mistakenly ordered two . As soon as I received emails confirming my order I realized that I had ordered two of the products instead of one . I immediately called Amazon 's Customer Service . One of the operators assisted me in correcting the mistake . She was extremely helpful , and very professional . She was able to resolve my mistake immediately . I received my order promptly ; the Bunnykin set was exactly what I wanted . I have always been extremely pleased buying products from Amazon . What a wonderful way to shop !!!!
 My son used this miracle blanket at night until he was about 5 months old . He felt safe , snug , and secure . He slept through the night at 6 weeks ! When fussy or gassy , we wrapped him in this blanket and he calmed down almost immediately . It was definitely a miracle !
 My son has colic and this blanket is a lifesaver ! When I wrap him in it , he falls asleep and stays asleep for long periods of time . He can easily break out of the Swaddle Me , but not the Miracle Blanket . I am going ot buy this product for all of my pregnant friends !!!
 This was such an incredibly important baby item for us . My son would only sleep while being held AND in motion for the first two months of his life . Whether it was colic or his temperament , we 'll never know . But it was a tough time for us . Finally , a combination of the Miracle Blanket , theGraco Lovin ' Hug Swing , Barcelona Bluegrass , and a close reading ofThe Happiest Baby on the Block
 I got this a little to late to use with my son -LRB- 4mo old -RRB- I would recommend this to people with newborns that still like to be swaddled
 We bought this after a disastrous experience with the Halo Swaddlesack . Our pediatrician recommended the miracle blanket . It is easy to use , safe , and works well . Without swaddling he wakes up after 5 minutes of being laid down . With a swaddle on we get 1 hr to 3 hr naps and a 5.5 hr long stretch at night -LRB- not bad for a 6 week old -RRB- . Our little man is big -LRB- born 9lbs 3oz -RRB- , strong , and active . He broke free of other swaddles . The armstraps on the miracle blanket keep his hands secure all night!Only issue is he can kick his feet out of the pouch and this will wake him up . The solution for us is to have him sleep in a nightgown under the swaddle . He can not seem to get his feet out of both so it works . However , I wish the company would fix this design flaw .
 I registered for 2 of these during my pregnancy , after reading all the positive reviews here on amazon . I figured it would be worth a try ... I am extremely glad I did!This swaddle blanket lives up to its name . My week-old newborn son is swaddled every night in the miracle swaddle blanket , and though he fusses as we 're wrapping him , within 30 seconds of completion and being held , he 's calm and soothed . He sleeps peacefully and comfortably , I think because he feels secure and cuddled . He does n't end up `` startling '' himself -LRB- and , consequently , my husband and I -RRB- awake . Each baby is different , but at this point , we 're getting a solid 2-3 hours of sleep at a time , to which I 'm convinced swaddling contributes.The fabric is soft with just enough stretch to make a snug wrap , while still being breathable . The best feature of the blanket is the length of the last panel , which encircles the baby 21/2 times . While the baby is laying down , his/her own weight and the extra layers ensure the wrap stays put . It washes easily , too.The one negative I will mention is that when you have to change a diaper , you have to completely unwrap the baby , then re-wrap . This does n't bother me much personally because of all the benefits.All in all , it 's a great product . The logistics in the pictures here might seem complicated , but just follow the directions that come with the blanket , and you 'll be fine . I 'm planning on buying one for pregnant friends after my first-hand experience .
 if your baby is able to break the typical velcro swaddle , this is a good product . It 's impossible for your baby to break the swaddle of this blanket !
 After fumbling with a square swaddle blanket and other awkward swaddling gimmicks , we found this and are completely satisfied . Despite being a little Houdini in other setups , our little dude NEVER gets out of this one nor does it ever come loose . It 's easy and generally foolproof . We do safety pin it closed just to ensure it does n't come loose . A little spendy , but worth it , highly recommended .
 A must have for newborns . My son used this from birth to 3 months and it really helped him feel comfortable to fall asleep . Very easy to apply after a slight learning curve . Made feedings easier too because his arms would n't get in the way . After 3 months , he outgrew it and we also wanted to develop his arm so we stopped swaddling him .
 I received this as a gift , as soon as I got home I threw it in the washer so I could use it last night . After I got my 7 week old baby ready for bed , I swaddled up and rocked him to sleep . I put him to bed and he screamed his little head off for about 5 mins ... the rest is history ! He slept from 9pm to 6am ! He has never slept that long ! Hopefully he continues to sleep soundly every night . He did manage to get his legs out of the bottom , but I 'm sure it 's because I did n't wrap him correctly ! Great product !
 I rarely write reviews unless a product is just horrible or wonderful . This product is the best thing since sliced bread ! My 4 week old has been wearing this blanket to bed since he was 1 week old , and it puts him to sleep right away every time - he will sleep 4 to 5 hours at a time ! He just loves being swaddled . I think part of the key is to start swaddling at birth instead of trying to introduce it later . They do n't seem to like it that much if they are not used to it . I tried the Aden and Anais ones , but they are just not as easy to swaddle with and they are hard to get to stay wrapped . Arms end up poking out everywhere before you are even finished wrapping .
 The miracle blanket has really transformed my newborn 's sleep pattern . He loves to be swaddled but he 's a big strong boy who broke out of flannel blanket swaddles , muslin swaddles , and velcro swaddlers . He was waking up every 1 to 2 hours at night and when napping during the day . Now that we have the miracle blanket he sleeps up to 6 hours at 8 weeks . We only use it at night but since he is less fussy in general due to better sleep , he does n't need it during the day . Best baby broduct we bought thus far .
 This swaddle blanket is simply amazing . After my son was born , it was about a month of sleepless nights , and then my son finally began to sleep 4-5 hour stretches through the night on his own . That was until he hit 4 months , then he began constantly waking up every 30 minutes to an hour once again . My wife and I thought we had passed this stage , so needless to say , we were pretty stressed to be barely sleeping again . I found this on Amazon through a simple search , and regardless of the reviews , I decided this probably would n't work but why not give it a try . Boy was I wrong - it 's like this blanket literally hits a sleep switch in my sons brain . He is literally sleeping for hours and hours at night now - to the point we generally have to wake him up in the morning to feed and change him . If you are a parent to a young one and you enjoy sleep , GET THIS .
 If you have a baby between the ages of 1 week and 6 months ... you need this . I am the mother of 3 -LRB- 5 years , 2.5 years and 4 months -RRB- and I 'm telling you this thing is awesome ! They have a tendency in early babyhood to awake themselves by flailing their arms randomly and thus waking themselves up . The miracle blanket stops them from doing that . ALSO it sends a message . When my baby starts to seem sleepy I wrap him up in this and nurse him ... that tells him `` I know you 're sleepy . It 's time to sleep . '' He closes his eyes and drifts off very quickly . He goes to sleep within 2 MIN . and stays that way . Without it he only sleeps for 20 min . But WITH it he 'll sleep for up to 3 hours ! ` Nuff Said . Also - it says for up to 14 weeks but I 'm still happily using it with my 4 month old . Kids WANT to be BOUND !
 I bought this blanket in hopes that I would have the same results as pretty much everyone else , and that my baby would sleep at least a few hours -LRB- I was super sleep deprived ! -RRB- . Well , I got the blanket finally and was more excited than ever just to see a blanket , and as soon as I wrapped my baby up ... SCREAMS ! I thought it would stop after a while of him in it , like everyone says they do . I held him and rocked him and tried everything even nursing while he was in it , but no . He hated it . So I folded the blanket up and put it at the bottom of the drawer thinking I just wasted a lot of money on a blanket that does n't work !!! Well , 2 months later I tried it again to see . My son slept 9 hours and has been for the last 2 weeks !! I thought after the first night it would n't last , but it is . See my son was a little Houdini , no matter how tight I would wrap him in other blankets , he would easily get out of them . Not this one -LRB- well actually once , but I think it 's because I did n't wrap him right -RRB- . He sleeps so well in it . If you have one and have n't had success with it , try it again!If you are looking to get one , get it ! You will love it , if not at first eventually . I think that if I had wrapped my baby up in it from day 1 he would have liked it . Try it , it worked for me ! : D
 I strongly beleive that my baby was comforted by swaddling him . This blanket it made it so easy to swaddle -LRB- once I watched the online video instructions on how to use the blanket from seller 's website -RRB- . I now always give this blanket as a gift at baby showers .
 I could not have lived without this swaddle when my toddler was an infant . That said , if , when I was dying for more sleep , I read these reviews , I would have been upset that it did n't work quite that way . I believe this works as well as any blanket can , for your baby . That does not mean it will make the most colicky babies sleep all night , nor should it -LRB- babies need to eat much more often than once every 7 hours when they are little - in fact , many people wake their babies TO feed them -RRB- So it 's a great product , but it 's not the sleep master ALWAYS and it 's good to keep in mind that every baby is different .
 This swaddle was a godsend since our daughter seemed like Houdini and could wiggle out of any swaddle . This swaddle seemed cruel at first but she started sleeping much longer for us in this blanket . The only downside is that when we switched her from the long night gowns into onesies for summer she would get her leg out of the bottom and wake us up . We had to safety pin the bottom part since it started happening on a regular basis . I am sad that she is getting too big for this since she would sleep for seven hours in this swaddle and it was easy to use . I had to watch some videos on youtube to figure out how to use it since we received ours as a hand-me down but it was easy after watching them . I will miss this swaddle .
 If you want your newborn to sleep thru the night , this is the gift to buy . It is the only baby gift I buy for new Moms . Within a few weeks baby will be sleeping all night long and so will Mom - you will love it ! And this is why it 's called the `` Miracle Blanket '' ! I have bought at least 10 Miracle Blankets in the past .
 Why did it take me until baby number 4 to bite the bullet and buy this ? I now have 2 so we are never without one ! This is my new standard baby gift to all of my expecting friends !
 While it 's a miracle if you can get this blanket on your child correctly the first few times , especially a fussy one , if you do , it 's totally worth it because it works . BE PATIENT . Putting this on correctly does take some practice . The instructional video on their website - -LSB- ... -RSB- - is helpful . Compared to other blankets we had previously used , our son was sleeping longer stretches as a result of being swaddled in this blanket . Do n't be discouraged if your child breaks out of even the best of swaddle jobs , though . We have yet to make it through an entire night with the blanket fully intact . But , I 'm still rating this 5 stars because this blanket has done a far better job than any other swaddle blanket we 've tried -LRB- e.g. , Kiddapotamus -RRB- . The blanket 's site does claim this blanket stops colic - guaranteed . We have yet to experience this , as our son is still a little colicky with this blanket on . But , at least he does n't bust through the swaddle during his tantrums.The first time my parents saw me swaddling our son in this blanket , they were horrified , asking why I was putting this straight-jacket on him . I explained Dr. Karp 's -LRB- Happiest Baby on the Block -RRB- techniques for calming a baby and told them it worked . They just were n't used to all the high-tech gadgets we parents have compared to what was available to them 30 years ago.We bought two so we would n't be rushing around trying to get one in/out of the wash . Best investment !
 Our first son was born in 2007 and we found this product after a few weeks . He was a big baby and very strong so we had trouble with every other swaddler because he could get out of it . Once we bought this miracle blanket he could not get out of it and he was able to sleep through the night -LRB- 12am-6am -RRB- at 8 weeks old . From that point and until he was around 4 months old all sleep time was in the swaddler . As he got older and stronger we actually had to wrap two of these around him and it was still perfect . The fabric is such a lightweight cotton that he did n't get too hot . We would put him in his diaper only and then wrap each blanket around him . We are also using this blanket for our second son , who slept through the night the first night we tried the miracle blanket ! If you are deciding which swaddle blanket to buy , LOOK NO FURTHER ! YOU MUST BUY THIS BLANKET !
 What sets this blanket apart is the design . By cutting the fabric in a special triangular shape , the company has to use a nearly six feet wide piece of fabric and cut the material on a 45 degree angle to provide just the right amount of stretch . When you view the product on the company website or elsewhere , you 'll notice that it has two small pieces of fabric for the arms and a sack-like compartment at the bottom . To use , you slide the baby into the sack area and loop the cloth strips around the arm and behind the back of the baby . This process secures the baby 's arms and legs inside the blanket . Next , you will wrap the right side of the blanket across the baby , pulling it snugly to the left . After that , you will have to take the longer right side and wrap it to the left , around the back . This forms a cocoon or mummy-like enclosure around the baby . The only part that is uncovered is the head.The reason this blanket is useful is because it actually calms and soothes the baby . Being snug and secure helps control rampant crying , restlessness , etc. . Do n't be discouraged if your baby cries and seems uncomfortable at first . After about 5 or 10 minutes , I noticed a huge difference and our little girl settled down significantly . Now , she seems to actually look forward to being put into the blanket.Although this is an expensive blanket , it is superior to its competitors because the baby can not squirm out of it -LRB- possibly creating a suffocation risk -RRB- and it swaddles better than the competing options . Also , after many washes , the fabric remains in excellent condition . I would put this on the top of your shopping list or baby registry .
 We were given this at a shower , and have been absolutely crazy-in-love with it . Our bub is literally `` snug as a bug in a rug '' in it . Very easy to use . We received another type of swaddling blanket , the SwaddleMe , which is good too , but he can wiggle around in it a little too much . The Miracle Blanket keeps him tightly snug , warm , and feeling safe/secure . 5 stars . : - -RRB-
 Our son was not a great sleeper . When he was born , my husband , mom and I all took turns walking around with him all day and all night . Then we got the book The Happiest Baby on the Block and tried to swaddle him . This would work for a few minutes , but since he was a nine pounder , it did not stay wrapped . Then we got the Miracle Blanket . It was great ! We got stretches 4 hours of sleep at a time . We are so glad we discovered this blanket and made sure it was the first thing that we located when we found out we were having another baby .
 We ordered these for my daughter 2 years ago when she was born and they were made of a nice , thick cotton . The one I just received was made of a thin , cotton fabric and not nearly as nice . They are really overpriced too in my opinion . But they are still the best swaddling blankets out there .
 Granted , it may not work for every single baby -LRB- haha -RRB- but I know a ton of women who SWEAR by this blanket . It is the gift I give at every shower . Do n't second guess yourself about whether or not to get this brand over a less-expensive one - you wo n't regret it .
 This blanket was given the perfect name . It truly is a miracle blanket . After sleepness nights , I remembered that I received this blanket for a shower gift and figured it was time to give it a try . From the first night , our baby slept longer . He is three months old now and we still use the miracle blanket and enjoy him sleeping longer at night . This is a great gift , especially for new parents .
 Bought this as a gift for two of my friends who are having babies.I had one for my baby and after many many nights of no sleep , this was the one thing that made her sleep the whole night!I 'll give this to every new mom I know as a shower gift !
 My baby hated being swaddled when he first came home from the hospital . And only this blanket works for my `` loves to kick '' little man . My son is now 11 weeks old and we started using this blanket when he was a month old . We only swaddle him at night and do not use a pacifier . He currently sleeps from 11p-7a . I have many friends having kids right now and tell people to buy this as a gift for the baby shower !
 Before I even had my baby I learned the importance of swaddling . I researched techniques and youtube videos to perfect my swaddling skills and by the time he was born I was a pro . I bought two different swaddling blankets for him . The first was the muslin swaddle blankets . They were perfect for the newborn stage . Second , I bought the swaddle me . It served its purpose for a few weeks . I did not like how the velcro lost its tightness after four washes . At seven weeks he was breaking out of it on the reg . I did more research and found the miracle blanket and broke down and bought it . It 's expensive but so worth it !! at 13 weeks old I still put him it in every night . It is essential . He is so used to it by now that as soon as I swaddle him up he knows that it is time for bed . That along with white noise and his bottle . I can get him to sleep in as little as ten minutes . I never get worried about bed time . It is very easy . I credit this to the routine but mostly to the swaddle . The fabric is light cotton and I never worry about him over heating in it . I LOVE that I can change him and keep his arms swaddled in the middle of the night . He never breaks out of it but I do find that over time during the night it does get loose and I have to re adjust it . I do n't mind . To me this product is really awesome !
 Our baby is now 12 weeks and we have been using the Miracle Blanket for about 5 or 6 weeks . We wish we had it earlier ! We never could get the hang of swaddling with a regular blanket - baby ALWAYS broke free -LRB- he even broke free in the hospital when the experts would swaddle him -RRB- . We gave up swaddling all together , but soon noticed that his startle response -LRB- particularly with his arms -RRB- would wake him up anytime you tried to put him down . Then he would start to cry in frustration and sheer exhaustion , and we would be back at square one with another long round of trying to soothe him . So we had a few weeks of misery before finding the Miracle Blanket . It worked the first time - baby went into his crib no problems and continues to do so . You can even put him in the crib awake and as long has he is in the blanket and has his pacifier , he can fall asleep on his own . On a couple of occasions he has even slept over 7 hours in one stretch in that thing -LRB- though I found that during these long stretches I 'm up more often than usual to double and triple check he is okay ! -RRB- The reason I only went with 4 stars is because it is expensive - we did n't question it at the time because we were so desperate and the videos were so convincing , but looking back that is a lot to spend on one blanket . Also , we never did try any other special swaddle blankets -LRB- I am a little skeptical of the ones that have Velcro - does n't that wake the baby with how noisy Velcro can be ? -RRB- so I ca n't say 100 % that the change in the baby 's sleeping is due to this blanket specifically and not just swaddling in general . Lastly , it is not 100 % foolproof - I have messed it up on a couple occasions and baby has broken free -LRB- though by then he had been in a deep sleep and having a leg free did n't seem to bother him -RRB- . So the bottom line is that it really did make our lives easier and while the blanket is pricey , can you , as parents of an infant , really put a price tag on getting some sleep ???
 We had used regular receiving blankets , SwaddleMe with velcro , and Woombies ... the Woombie was n't a true swaddle , but we like the product as a transition product and use it . However , for true sleep we NEED our son swaddled . We had read `` The Happiest Baby on the Block '' and watched the DVD , and had seen a real difference in getting our son to sleep swaddled , but he is a strong boy and kept busting out of regular blankets and the velcro blankets - or he would move his hands until the top part of the velcro blankets were up around his neck and face ! So not safe ! We spent the money to buy the Miracle Blanket and have used it for 2 nights and naps - it is great ! He never comes out of it ! The only frustration is the foot pocket , like other folks have said - sometimes he kicks out of it , but if I do it right and cover the foot pocket with both blanket flaps , it stays pretty well . It has n't been a `` Miracle that caused our baby to sleep frequently and long hours '' that it was for some , but it definitely is the BEST swaddler we 've seen since our 9 week old was born ! It keeps his arms in the right position and does n't come undone ! I found changing a diaper was n't bad , I just slipped his feet out of the foot pocket and pushed the blanket up a little and did n't have to unswaddle ! It is light and I love that the material is n't too thick so he does n't get too hot . LOVE this blanket and will use it with all our future babies !
 Before having kids , I took sleep for granted ! But being blessed with a baby who did n't sleep well really taught me that sleep is as critical as air , water , and coffee . The one thing that I found to help my boys sleep better was to swaddle them . But they Houdini 'd right out of blankets and the first swaddlers I bought . Then I read about Miracle Blanket online . I bought a blue one , and it made all of the difference . My son could n't get out of it , and in fact he looked relaxed and happy each night when I laid him down upon it and wrapped him up . I 've given away almost all of my sons ' baby things , but I will not part with that Miracle Blanket . I look forward to passing it along to my grandbaby someday .
 I am so thankful for the miracle blanket ! I am currently using it with my third child who tends to be very fussy and has a strong startle reflex which makes it hard for him to get into a deep sleep . With the miracle blanket he sleeps through the night and occasionally even gets a good nap . Its hard for me to find a time to wash it ! :-RRB- Its easy to use - directions are on the package . I would recommend this product to any parent of a baby . It will make life so much more peaceful !
 while i think the blanket is over priced , it has worked really well for my new born . it is the only swaddle he is not able to get out of . I just wish I had it for my first colicky baby ...
 My son sleeps in his miracle blanket and has been since he was born !!!!! He has trouble unless he is swaddled . in a regular swaddling blanket , he kicks his way out , but with the miracle blanket , he ca n't kick his way out . a MUST HAVE .
 I bought one of these as an experiment for swaddling my very active 6 week old son . I was skeptical , especially because of the price , but I was desperate to find something that would help him sleep . This blanket works wonders ! He sleeps more than twice as long as he did before -LRB- from 1 hour to 4-5 hours now -RRB- . I only swaddle him in it at night , and I do n't wrap him very tightly which means he eventually works one arm out . But I am working on not swaddling him eventually , so I want him to get used to having that one arm out.Even though it seems a little pricey , it 's worth it and much better than the swaddling blankets with velcro . He worked out of them in no time , and the velcro did wake him up .
 This is a great swaddle blanket especially if you have a big baby that can wiggle out of most other blankets . This one definitely keeps them tightly wrapped no matter what . HOWEVER , it did n't make a difference in the amount of hours he slept . He still wakes up every 3 hours at night . I was hoping it would help him sleep longer . : -LRB-
 I have tried the swaddle with a regular receiving blanket and it always seem to fall off , plus it involves some skill . I have tried other swaddling blanket products which involve Velcro -LRB- sounds nice -RRB- , they do not work if your baby is not the right size , or the grow . This blanket has allowed my son to sleep from about 10 am to about 4-5 am at six weeks ! Make sure to buy two so you have a back up in case of an accident . Happy sleeping .
 Someone purchased this blanket for us as a Shower gift , in the course of moving it was misplaced and I happened to find it the day after we put our son in this crib for the first night . That first night was miserable , he was up about 5 times ! After starting to use this blanket he is now sleeping a total of 9 hours a night . The second night he slept in the blanket he slept through the night , it was wonderful !
 Miracle Blanket - Lavender with Beige TrimMiracle Blanket - Periwinkle BlueI had my doubts about this product . We received it as a gift , and finally tried it one night after our child was crying and not sleeping well -LRB- she always wiggled out when we tried to swaddle her with regular blankets and the Boppy swaddle blanket -RRB- . That night , and every night after that , she slept through the night -LRB- starting at three weeks ! -RRB- . I sing the praises of the miracle blanket ; I am a well-rested parent !
 I rarely write reviews , but this blanket is awesome ! We had used the Swaddle me blankets before , but our 3 month old was too strong and would wriggle his arms out . However , he just could n't sleep without being swaddled since he would startle himself every few minutes . I got this right before we left on a vacation hoping it would help him sleep better and low and behold it worked . There is no velcro to scratch his delicate little skin and it is so easy to use and keeps him nicely swaddle all night . He slept the whole night in this swaddle and I mean from 9pm-5am ! He 's now 4 months old and still loves it for sleeping . I just wish it was a little longer in the legs because he 'll probably grow out of it in less than a month , but hopefully he wo n't need to be swaddled by then ! I highly suggest this item over the Swaddle Me blankets . You will not regret it as it 's well worth the money .
 We now have two miracle blankets and they are sanity savers ! Our son is 9 weeks old and sleeps so well in these bkankets . They are my new go to gift for any new baby !
 This swaddle blanket is indeed a miracle - it really holds ! So easy to use , pretty much foolproof -LRB- watch the video online to help you get started -RRB- . Keeps baby tight and warm and ASLEEP -LRB- we started using it the night he was born and he 's slept through the night since -RRB- ! One small downside -LRB- if you can call it a downside at all -RRB-
 A life-saver . The only swaddle that holds . No velcro . No hooks . This was really the only way to get our fussy infant to sleep more than an hour at a time . Highly recommended !
 my baby was 7lb ,11 oz and 20in at birth . he fit into this until he was 6 weeks old and then was too long . that 's why i gave it 4 stars . it seemed like we did n't get as much use out of it for the price . i 'd almost recommend buying the medium size right away . he did stay swaddled and slept very well those first weeks which was a relief . i used it day and night .
 We used this blanket when my son was born just over 3 years ago . He loved it and was sleeping through the night at 6 weeks . We ended up ordering a second to have when he would wet through his diaper and onto the blanket . We could not be without it ! I do wish they made a larger size one for when they grow out of it . When he was too long for his feet to fit in the pocket , we would still wrap it around him with his legs out and zip him up in a sleep sack . We finally had to let it go at 5 months when he was finally breaking out of it all . I came to Amazon to order two more for my twins coming soon , hope they like to be swaddled as much as he did !
 My 12 week old got out of every other swaddle and woke up between 5 and 7 times every night . The first night we used this blanket he woke only twice !!! I 'm here buying my 2nd today -LRB- ca n't risk a diaper leak without a backup -RRB- . It is already helping him nap longer too .
 I absolutely LOVE the Miracle Blanket . I have a fussy 2 month old who weighs almost 16 pounds . He is able to break free from every blanket we own . However , with the Miracle Blanket he stays nice and snug ! Once we started wrapping him in his Miracle Blanket he started sleeping at night from every 2 hours to every 4 hours IMMEDIATELY . He is now sleeping from 41/2 to 6 hours through the night ! I wish I would have had this blanket when my son was first born . I recommend this blanket to every parent of a newborn/infant !
 I have NEVER reviewed a product before in my entire life , but I feel so passionately about this product that I could not not review it . My son was born six weeks premature and we were having a HORRIBLE time getting him to sleep once we came home from the NICU . We had tried swaddling before but he seemed to HATE it so we had given up . Finally after one particularly long night I mentioned this blanket that my friends had recommended to my husband . He said at this point we would try anything so I ordered the Miracle Blanket right away . This blanket has CHANGED OUR LIVES ! My son went from sleeping in 45 minute to hour and a half stretches to now sleeping for one five hour stretch , getting up feeding , sleeping for a four and a half hour stretch , feeding and then going back to bed for another hour and a half or so . This all happened in the span of 3 weeks ! I truly was skeptical because we had tried everything , but I promise this actually works . We used to have to do the crib dance where we would get him to sleep in our arms , lay him down in his crib , and have him wake up almost immediately screaming . Now we lay him in his bed and he STAYS ASLEEP . for all those sleep deprived moms out there ... you know that this is the true miracle.On a side note , he is also colicky so whenever he gets in one of his fits and can not calm himself down I wrap him in the blanket and rock him and he is able to get a hold of himself . I can not say enough good things about this blanket . It has truly allowed me to keep my sanity through this all !
 I bought this for a friend after I stayed with my sister and her 6 week old . When my husband arrived a few days later , I told him I was ready to have 6 more kids ! -LRB- I have 2 and they were HORRIBLE sleepers ! -RRB- Everynight we 'd put him down around 10pm and my sister would have to wake him up at 7:30 / 8 in the morning b/c she needed to nurse ! He 'd sleep all night . I highly recommend this as worth trying !
 Our son really benefitted from being swaddled but he would always break free when swaddled with a regular blanket . This would agitate him and his uncontrollable arms would wake him up . We tried the miracle blanket and he slept longer than ever before ! It 's impossible for him to break free from the swaddle giving him -LRB- and us -RRB- very restful nights . I highly recommend this blanket !!
 We got this swaddler along with a couple other brands and nothing comes close to how well this works . The dual flaps on each side keep my baby 's arms secure and he loves being wrapped up . The fabric is soft and clings well to itself to he ca n't easily wriggle his way out . I would recommend buying two , just so you have a backup for whenever those accidents occur . I have seen this priced cheaper elsewhere , so shop around , but definitely get this !
 After trying several other swaddling blankets , we finally found one that keeps our houdini 's arms in ! No velcro like those other brands , so there 's no loud noise in the night , and it does n't stick to itself . Also , even the newborn sizes of those other blankets were too big for our guy , so the velcro would extend past the part that it attaches to , making it a pain to stay secure . The miracle blanket is a life saver for us !! And our baby sleeps longer and better in it , which helps us keeps our sanity . Also , he seems to enjoy getting swaddled in this blanket , rather than fighting it like he does with other ones . A keeper !
 I used Miracle Blankets when caring for my twin grandchildren and found they really help to calm the babies and help them feel secure . I watched a few You Tube videos showing how swaddling and other techniques can calm inconsolably crying babies . I highly recommend these blankets and purchased two extra .
 We tried SwaddleMe and the Woombie , and neither worked as well as this one . It seems complicated at first , but after the first few tries it is so easy to use . The hospital NICU staff told us not to swaddle completely using a blanket as it could be loosened and pulled over baby 's head , but swaddling from the armpits down was not effective because baby 's arms were constantly flailing and waking him up . I definitely recommend this product . We ended up buying 3 to use interchangeably throughout the laundry cycle .
 This products works really well . It takes a bit of jostling to wrap it around a baby while laying down , but once around , it works well.Baby is still able to kick out of the foot pouch , which we 've remedied by wrapping something else around the waist . That is the one bummer . A couple of well placed velcro patches would likely solve this problem and make this product perfect .
 I have tried several swaddles , this one is the best on the market ! My son is 4 months old now , and he still fits great in it !
 If you have a strong kid , this blanket will really keep them swaddled . That being said , if your kid CAN get out of this swaddle -LRB- like mine -RRB- , maybe they are too big for a swaddle and you need to wean them from it . Either way , I really liked this product , and would recommend it for babies 4 months and younger to help them stay asleep if they like to be swaddled .
 When my husband and I first tried to swaddle our son when we got home from the hospital he struggled and seemed to hate swaddling . We stopped swaddling him and I was waking every hour to feed him or somehow calm him down after he would scare himself . When my son found his hands it got worse . After reading Happiest Baby on the Block we purchased this swaddle blanket . We had several of the halo blankets but they did not work like this blanket . Within three days my son was sleeping through the night ; I mean he was going to bed at 10:30 pm and not waking up until 7am . This blanket is truly a miracle and I would recommend to any parent to help their child get to sleep faster and to stay asleep . Worth every penny of my money .
 Our daughter never liked being swaddled , but it was the only way she would sleep for more than forty minutes at a time . Those little arms and hands kept disturbing her sleep . At almost 3-months-old , she managed to break out of almost every swaddle and sleep sack . The result was that no one in the house slept well . The miracle blanket was a last-ditch effort . I thought it funny that in the diagram for how to use the blanket , the baby pictured starts off grumpy but was smiling at the end . My daughter did that ... the same little girl who cried every time she was swaddled , was swaddled and smiling with this blanket . It 's fairly easy to use and even my husband , who was not very good at swaddling and hated to put our daughter to bed for that reason , is now more than happy to help with bed and nap time routines . There is no velcro , so if you need to re-wrap the baby in the middle of the night after a feeding it 's nice and quiet . I can even change her diaper without unwrapping her completely , just pull down the foot pocket . Our daughter sleeps for 2 hour naps -LRB- previously no more than 45 minutes -RRB- and for 9 to 10 hours straight at night without breaking out of it -LRB- before we got this she was breaking out and crying 4-6 times a night -RRB- . It 's totally worth the money . Highly , highly recommended !
 Singularly my favorite baby product ! My daughter slept through the night at 8 weeks due to this nifty swaddle blanket . Unlike the other swaddle blankets , the Miracle Blanket keep the baby 's arms from escaping trough the night . This allows the baby to sleep more soundly with shocking themselves awake or scrtaching their face . Buy it and try it ! You will be a big fan too !
 My husband is great at swaddling with receiving blankets , but after a few weeks our babies get too long to be swaddled tightly that way . The miracle blanket is perfect for a growing baby - easy for me to use and wrap the baby tight . I was n't sure if we should get this since we already had it down with the blankets , but its been excellent . It washes really well , its incredibly soft and an overall good buy . I am going to get one of these for all of the baby showers I `` m invited to . Its just excellent . The only potential downside is that the baby is in so many layers of swaddle that they can get hot in there if they have a lot of clothes on , so we always swaddle our baby with just a onesie on and its fine .
 My son is really strong and he ca n't unswaddle himself from this , unlike everything else we 've tried . The result , 8-10 hours of sleep straight through at night . Worth $ 30 easily !
 The Miracle Blanket is perfect for the baby who likes to be swaddled . My sondoes n't sleep well unless he 's swaddled but he always manages to wiggle hisarms free . He ca n't get them out with the Miracle Blanket so he sleeps so much better . I only wish that there was a longer version for when the baby gets bigger .
 I love the Miracle blanket . We 've tried everything else to swaddle our baby & this is the only one that works for his active arms and legs . At almost 3 months old , he now does manage to wiggle one of his legs out each night , but he does n't seem to mind . It 's his arms that we really care about , as flailing arms are what wakes him up . Every new parent should have a miracle blanket .
 I totally love this product . I have to admit that it was a little odd at first ... having your little one wrapped up like a burrito . But immediately I noticed how content he was and how much happier he was being wrapped up . He also napped longer and woke up happier , because he woke up on his own , not because he jerked and startled himself . Anyhow , I LUV this blanket and only wished that it would come in a larger size ... to accomodate a growing baby !
 This item was a gift for a newborn . I have heard that these miracle blankets are excellent for newborns .
 I must admit that in the past I have n't had the best luck with products containing `` miracle '' in their name . However , this blanket is the shining exception!Our son was a very big boy -- 10 lb , 6 oz of joy . We had read Harvey Karp 's `` The Happiest Baby on the Block '' -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- and we knew we wanted to swaddle him . We had planned to use a receiving blanket , but we quickly found out that none of them were remotely big enough . Not even close . We spent a ton of money buying bigger blankets , and we tried two other expensive swaddling blankets as well . Nothing worked , nothing held the baby , and all three of us were desperate to get some sleep . We even bought a cheap sheet set and tore it up to get some bigger patches of cloth . No dice.Finally , I ordered this blanket online -LRB- Amazon did n't carry it at the time , alas . -RRB- BINGO -- our son slept through the night at once ! Yes ! We had to wake him from a sound , swaddled sleep to change and feed him ; he went back down like a rock as soon as we re-swaddled him . He loved this blanket . When he saw us coming with it , he 'd try to lie quietly with his arms in his sides in anticipation of the -LRB- very simple -RRB- process of swaddling him up . And I loved the fact that this blanket was so soft and comforting and had no snaps or any other fasteners that could rub him.I should mention that the two new parents I gave this to as a shower gift were pathetically grateful , and could n't stop gushing . I understand ; for a new parent , anything that grants you sleep is your favorite thing in the world.A note to parents considering this blanket
 We received the miracle blanket as a gift when our daughter was 4 weeks old . After trying the swaddle me to keep her asleep for longer periods and having no success , we were delighted that the miracle blanket worked so well . Within 10 days , she was sleeping through the night ! I strongly recommend this product .
 Our son has an especially strong startle reflex , and has to be swaddled to sleep , at all . At 2.5 weeks , he startled being able to get out of any swaddle we did , no matter how expertly done , no matter what blanket we used . So , at 1 hour of sleep , he 'd start crying and we 'd have to go in and start all over . We searched online for actual `` Swaddling '' blankets and based on reviews , chose this one . WHAT AN UTTER MIRACLE . We are in such debt to the dad who created this ! Our son is now 12 weeks old , and we use this for each nap and for nighttime sleep . He was sleeping 6-7 hour stretches at 5 weeks , and slept 11 hours at 8 weeks . We would never have this success without this blanket . We 've periodically tried to get him to sleep without it , but his reflex is STILL so strong that he needs it . It took a little `` getting used to '' the method to get him wrapped up , but in no time we both were experts . And the price on Amazon , with free shipping , is way better than what we paid directly through AMB . I wholeheartedly reccommend this to all parents , especially new parents .
 I bought this when I was pregnat with my second baby . I love it . It keeps him securely wrapped all night . My only complaint is that it is not designed for larger babies . My son was 10 # at birth and he fit in it perfectly . Now at 2mo he is 15.5 # and over 25in and the blanket is getting a little small for him . We still use it every night , he just sticks out of the top a little more , and I tuck in the tail at his back instead of in front .
 This swaddle is A + when trying to keep your little one in . My son is a mover and can get out of most swaddles , but this one really keeps him in ! There are arm ties to help keep babies arms down , and the extra long wrap helps keeps a tight swaddle , even when baby moves . One of the nicest functions is that it does NOT have velcro , which I find to be annoying if your baby does n't fit the `` mold '' of what size the swaddle is intended for . It also prevents ruining other clothes when you wash it .
 We loved this for our baby . It was too big for our baby until he was about two weeks old . The first couple times he screamed when we put him in it so we were a little nervous to keep trying . We kept trying it and on the third night he loved it . If he was crying we would put it on him and he would immediately stop crying -LRB- as long as he was n't hungry -RRB- . It does n't swaddle the legs but after some research we found that legs should not be swaddled anyway and baby 's arms being swaddled is what really helps comfort newborns . He stopped using it around 4 months old when he just got really mad that we put him in it ... he just outgrew the swaddling faze on his own.I would recommend it , it really helped our baby sleep for longer periods of time .
 I bought this for my son when he was six weeks old based on other reviews of this blanket -- and it 's truly a miracle . Once you learn how to properly put this swaddle blanket on -LRB- I watched YouTube to learn how -RRB- it takes less than 30 seconds each night to put it on . This blanket wraps your baby so snuggly that it minimized the effects of my baby 's Moro reflex and he began sleeping almost all through the night -LRB- he would sleep from about 8 p.m. until 4 a.m. -RRB- Prior to wearing this blanket , he would startle easy and wake himself up . I was so sad when he outgrew this blanket around 6 months . Because they do n't make a larger size , I transitioned him out of this blanket by graduating to the Summmer Swaddle me blanket and then once he got used to the feeling of his arms being looser and then free , we were done with the swaddle altogether . Another pro to the miracle blanket is that nighttime diaper changes are very easy , and your little one 's arms will remain swaddled while you change the diaper .
 I wanted to swaddle my baby so he 'd sleep better and not startle himself but every time I did he 'd cry and somehow wiggle out of it . I wanted different videos and tried different ways to swaddle him but he always got free ! I did some research and found this product . He did cry the first few times but not for long and was NEVER able to get out of it . One thing I would recommend is do n't swaddle too tight , just tight enough so the arms stay at the sides . He loved being swaddled and I kept swaddling him till he was about four months old .
 When my wife bought this blanket I was extremely skeptical . `` How is this swaddle any different from half dozen than we already have ? '' I thought . The first night we tried the Miracle Blanket it was a complete disaster - up all night with a baby who was unhappy with just about everything . As I tried to calm him that night I was thinking that we just wasted a perfectly good $ 30 on a piece of garbage . My wife said we should keep trying it.So night 2 rolls around and we put him down ... and he woke up 6 hours later . We 've never looked back . Now he can sleep up to 9 hours a night in this blanket . When I tell someone that he 's been sleeping through the night since he was 6 weeks old , they are amazed . So am I.As a new father I need all the help I can get - getting a full night sleep certainly helps .
 I purchased this blanket to aid in implementing Dr. Karps 's 5 S 's -LRB- one of them being Swaddling -RRB- . The extra arm flaps makes this blanket much easier to keep babies ' arm at thier sides , unlike other swadders , which can be broken out of easily . For anyone struggling to get or keep thier baby asleep , I would reccomend this product ! Keep in mind your baby will cry when placing the baby in the blanket , but will calm down after being rocked or jiggled for about 60 seconds !
 Our baby got out of every other swaddle blanket we tried -- the miracle blanket was the only one that could keep him in !
 I got one of these right after my son was born . I tried to swaddle him in a normal swaddling blanket but he wiggled right out of it . This blanket is AWESOME ! He did not wiggle out of it and it also helped him sleep at night . We used it for the first 3 months and I think he enjoyed it as much as we did ! I recommend this blanket to all those parents who have a wiggle baby or a fussy baby . It also calmed him down because he was a slightly fussy .
 We have tried the Swaddle Me , the Swaddle Blanket , and the Miracle Blanket . The ONLY one our daughter AND son did not break out of was the Miracle Blanket -LRB- she is now 51/2 , he 31/2 - they each used it for about 3 months -RRB- . ADVANTAGES * Works differently than others - holds arms at side with two `` flaps '' that tuck under the body -LRB- uses body weight -RRB- , and then a longer piece wraps around the baby . The end result is a very tight but comfortable looking cocoon that works ! * NO VELCRO - The velcro on the Swaddle Me kept waking our daughter up and sticking to everything in its path . * Keeps them warm with nothing else required.DISADVANTAGES * The part that swaddles the bottom half of the body sometimes come loose - you have to make sure that you wrap the blanket around the lower half o the body REALLY well ! * Nothing else we can think ofWe are aware of other blankets on the market , but honestly have n't read a review or heard a testimonial from a friend to change our reco . We still get this as a gift !
 This is the ONLY swaddle blanket I have found that has actually worked . All the other ones he has been able to wiggle out of with ease . We are so thankful to have found this !
 I got this when my now 4 month old was almost a week old hoping it would help my little one sleep better . The swaddling defiantly helped ! Swaddling and a fisher price rock n play and by 2 months old my son was almost sleeping through the night ! I used the Miracle blanket for a few weeks then I switched to the aden and anais muslin swaddling blankets because it was easier when doing night time diaper changes . Be careful when using the miracle blanket in warmer weather as my September baby frequently got to hot in this and I would have to unwrap him thus defeating the purpose of keeping him in a calming swaddle when he was fussy . Overall , I like the Aden and Anais swaddling blankets better once i figured out how to swaddle my son tight enough in them .
 We bought this blanket because our baby is easily able to wrestle his arms out of the SwaddleMe blankets which wakes him up . We like it that this blanket secures the arms , but the legs always get free , so we have to double swaddle him with a SwaddleMe blanket on top . It also unwraps easily when I pick him up to feed him if he is not double swaddled because I ca n't tuck it well enough to make it stay . Fortunately , it 's wintertime , so we 're able to do the double swaddle without him overheating .
 This is the only swaddle product tha kept my baby 's arms down . He never got his arms out.He did get his legs out because th bottom does not attach to anything and if he kicked hard enough he could kick it out of the swaddle . That is the only downside .
 My baby smiles every time I put him in his miracle blanket . I wish I would have gotten it sooner . I did n't get it tell he was 8 weeks old . He loves it and before I would swaddle with a regular blanket and my son would always get his arms out and that would wake him cause he would knock his paci out with his hands while sleeping . Now he is snug as a bug in his miracle blanket !! This is my 3rd baby and I have never used one of these before and if I have another baby I will for sure have one before the next kids even born !! Also I have a big baby he was 9lbs 10oz at birth and it fits him no problem . He is 13lbs . 6oz . and 23.5 icnehs long right now and we are still using it at 10 weeks old . Highly recommend it !!
 I used this blanket with my first two children and LOVED it . Both slept better and longer stretches at night as soon as I started using it . I just ordered a new one for baby # 3 . This item is a MUST have and Is my favorite shower gift for new moms .
 I bought this product in the hope my one-month-old would sleep longer at night . It did n't happen immediately , but he is now at two-months old and sleeps for 5-9 hours at nighttime . If he is n't in his Miracle blanket , he wakes up after an hour or so . Unlike other swaddlers , he can not break out of the miracle blanket , no matter how hard he tries . I regret the money I wasted on other swaddling products .
 I bought this for my son at 7 weeks old because he would startle himself awake every night . He immediately slept 6 hours straight ! He 's still a mover and a shaker at night , so sometimes a leg gets loose but it has n't seemed to wake or bother him . I just make sure he has socks on . As far as changing him during the night , I just do n't . I make sure he 's in a clean diaper when I put him in the blanket and change it in the morning . Why wake a sleeping baby ? There is a time warning on the package not to leave baby in the blanket for more than 8 hours straight , so the sleep after I take him out is not as great . Overall , I love this product , I no longer have to sleep with my son on my chest at night . I have n't tried it for naps ... yet .
 This item was amazing . Swaddling is so important , helps with the babys comfort level . I never went any where without it . I had 2 and used them constantly . It is a MUST HAVE !
 At the risk of sounding like an infomercial or planted endorsement , I have to say this was our all-time best investment for our baby . Our son was born with a very strong startle reflex -LRB- aka Moro reflex -RRB- and would throw his arms wide like he was falling as soon as we put his down in a crib . It seemed like as soon as we got him to sleep , he 'd wake himself up again . We 'd watched `` The Happiest Baby on the Block '' before he was born , and knew that swaddling could help calm a baby . But our son would break out of any blanket we wrapped him in . Thus we ended up resorting to co-sleeping -LRB- usually nursing him to sleep -RRB- or swinging him to sleep in his carseat -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- Then a friend asked to try the Miracle Blanket on our son and I said , `` Why not ? '' It worked ! The Miracle Blanket was easy to use and our little guy could n't break out of it . At first he protested for a while . Then he `` submitted '' and eventually fell asleep . Now when we wrap him in it he actually smiles and falls asleep pretty quickly -LRB- we also use the motion of a bouncy seat or a hammock-sleep Amby bed to help transport him to dreamland -RRB- . I wish we 'd discovered this earlier . In the future , this will be our shower gift to all our friends .
 I was swaddling my baby in a regular receiving blanket until I received this as a gift . To be honest I found the receiving blanket was better for the newborn as it was easy to wrap around him and he stayed put . When baby turned 12wks old I started watching for tiredness to set him down for regular naps and this coincided with reading that wide open eyes and flailing , moving limbs are signs of over-stimulation and tiredness . Realising this , I started swaddling him again , this time in the miracle blanket because he was too big and strong for receiving blankets . Now that he does not have legs waving around and fingers poking him in the face he settles down quickly , relaxes and drifts off to sleep while I sit with him talking and singing quietly.He even settled down and started drifting off to sleep one day after a crying jag that I thought was due to tiredness . I realised that I miscalculated the time and it had been three hours not two since he had last been fed so he was hungry not sleepy ! Babies sure can get their message across . But the point is that the blanket settled him when he was not actually tired but was crying for another reason.I was using the flaps to fold his arms across the front of his body . It was not until I looked up this product to buy one for a friend -LRB- and write this review -RRB- that I saw his arms are meant to go along his sides . I had thought it had one flap too many but those directions make sense . The long flap is a little long . I put it over him , then under him and just let the excess lay beside him . Sometimes I just fold it over him and push a little of it under his back to hold it down.I recommend this soft , comfortable miracle blanket and am about to buy one for a friend .
 Before my son was born , I had purchased the organic SwaddleMe blanket from Kiddopatamus . -LRB- I 'm not sure if that 's the correct spelling . -RRB- We used it though my son never seemed too comfortable in it . I thought that perhaps he just did n't care to be swaddled anymore , so I gave it away . Within the next few weeks , I noticed during his colicky times and even other times when we held him , he felt most comfortable and at peace when we held his crossed hands over his chest . He put them there naturally so when we pressed them down onto his chest , he calmed down right away . I decided to look for the next size up of the SwaddleMe blanket . On that page on Amazon , I noticed a different blanket -- this one called the Miracle Blanket . After reading all of the reviews , I decided to try that one instead of the SwaddleMe.The first time I wrapped him in it , he fussed very briefly -LRB- about 10-20 seconds -RRB- but then immediately closed his eyes and fell asleep . The next time he seemed a bit fussy and colicky , I wrapped him in it , and he literally closed his eyes immediately , smiled and fell asleep . He sleeps so well at night with that blanket . I 've been blessed with him sleeping through the night already -LRB- 9 weeks old -RRB- , occasionally getting up once to eat around 2 in the morning . However , before the blanket , that sleep was never a very restful sleep . When he sleeps in the Miracle Blanket , he is as calm as can be . He wakes up in the morning with a smile on his face the minute he sees my smile!I love this blanket and wish I would 've had it with my first and second children . With my daughter and 1st son , I had used just the receiving blankets , but could never get them tight enough . The kids kicked out of them so I mistakenly thought that they did n't like being swaddled . I wonder if they would have reacted differently had I had one of these for them.If you are considering the Miracle Blanket , I would strongly encourage you to give it a try . You just may be surprised !
 What can I say ? I think this was one of the most amazing products I have ever bought for my baby when he was colicky . And I have recommended it to many of my friends who also had colicky babies . I specifically mention colic because those of you have colicky babies know that they need to be swaddled and held constantly . We used to have other swaddlers , like the Koala , which worked just fine when he was little , but he eventually learned how to wriggle out of them and they did n't come in bigger sizes . Considering our child was colicky -LRB- partly due to acid reflux -RRB- for a very long time , we needed to keep him swaddled at night until he was 7 months old . Nothing was big enough or strong enough to hold him except this blanket . It 's very easy for parents to figure out how to use -LRB- ingenious design , in my opinion -RRB- and there 's no way the baby can wriggle out of it if you use it right . And it definitely kept our baby much more calm .
 This is so much better than the Kiddopotumas Swaddler . There is no velco to scratch the baby 's delicate skin and the Miracle Blanket is escape proof ! I 've tried them all , and this one is the best on the market .
 My baby is very strong . This blanket works well in keeping his arms and legs in .
 I love the Bundle Me lite . I live in CA so it 's perfect for those `` cold '' days . I have a heavier one for the snow but still have n't used that yet . The lite is wonderful , I put it on & I do n't worry about blankets slipping off and getting dirty . The top zips right off so when it 's warm and not needed you do n't have to mess with taking the whole thing off . And it is super soft . I wish I had this with my first two babies . My third 's the one that lucked out !
 I just purchased this for the cool , wet spring months of New England . I also have the Bundle Me Original which was great for the winter months . This is a nice alternative when the Original becomes too warm to use , but you still need a little something . The inner lining is soft against your baby 's skin and the outside lining protects him/her against cool weather and rain . The only negative thing I have to say about this is that it does not fit as well on my car seat as the Original . It tends to slide down a little . I have the new Graco Safe Seat which is larger than most car seats so this could be the reason . It may fit better on smaller car seats . I also love the pink `` girly '' color . Now that the weather is warming up a bit , it works great when going into air conditioned buildings that are just a little too cool for baby . It is also a nice barrier from the sun 's harmful rays .
 I had one of these with my second son and loved it . We just kept it in his car seat and it made it so easy to cover him up when necessary . When it was hot out we could uncover him , and when we went into somewhere with air-conditioning we would just cover him up . It is soft and cozy . We found it so convenient . We will be purchasing another one for number three , who 's due in May .
 I 'm not sure what the other reviewer was talking about - we used this for my daughter all fall , winter and spring , and her seatbelt laid just fine - there was no difference at all . It velcros around the seatbelts , so I 'm not sure what the nurses were talking about.Other than that , this thing is wonderful ! My daughter was a summer baby , so we usually just used receiving blankets . But we got this in the fall and were able to use it all winter and into the spring . It kept her warm enough , even on the cold days . I would probably suggest getting the heavier version for newborns in the winter , but this worked great for our older baby in the winter . There 's no need to worry about blankets or extra layers of clothes or snowsuits . The Bundle Me Lite stays attached to the carseat , all you need to do is zip it up , and you 're ready to go ! It detaches very easily -LRB- because it 's just velcro -RRB- and can be washed . It actually acted as a protective barrier for the carseat for those `` accidents . '' We still washed the carseat for these situations , but it greatly minimized damage!This is a fabulous `` extra '' for the carseat , we 'll definitely be using it again with the next baby !
 I bought one of these and a regular bundle me for my daughter . I have an older child that goes to school and it protected my daughter from the wind/rain when we had to go to the bus stop in bad weather . I only gave 4 stars because I used the regular bundle me much more than the lite . Given the choice to do it over I would still have bought it though .
 We received this as a shower gift , and it has become my ` give to every new mom ' gift as it was one of our favorite items for our new daughter . It fit our car seat -LRB- Chicco -RRB- just fine without getting in the way of the straps . It is so fast to just put your baby in the seat , zip up , and go . Even though it is ` lite ' , it has a thin fleece lining that actually keeps baby quite warm . I do pull aside the cover when my daughter is in the car on warmer spring days to keep her from overheating . It is great for early morning daycare drop off when there is always a chill in the air ! I plan on picking up the JJ Cole Big Bundle Me Original - Pink when my daughter gets older - they are great products !
 I debated on this JJ Cole Bundle Me Lite and a regular Bundle Me . I liked that neither of them went over the whole car seat w / a little window ... I do n't like those . These are more like warm blankets in the car seat . For the most part , our little girls goes from our house , to the car in the garage , and back . She 's not exposed to freezing cold temps , so the Lite is perfect for us . I highly recommend it !
 I bought this for my granddaughter . Her mother uses it all the time and loves it ! It works well to keep out the cold and wind .
 This is perfect for fall and spring ! We have the fuzzy one for winter too ... I LOVE THIS!THIS IS A MUST HAVE !!!!!
 I bought this stroller for my recent trip to Disney World with my 31/2 year old & almost 2 year old . I needed a new double stroller b/c they were just getting too big for the Graco Duoglider . My son kept pulling my daughter 's hair & kicking her in the back . Plus he was just too big to really fit in that back seat anymore . I also wanted something more compact to travel with . They rent strollers in Disney but for the price I would 've spent while I was there , it paid for 1/2 the stroller . Plus the ones at Disney are plastic so they really do n't look very comfortable & I wanted my son to nap every day.I did a lot of research into which stroller to get . I wanted one with a high weight limit since my daughter is going on 4 . This one holds 55 lbs in each seat plus 10 lbs in the baskets . Believe me it holds even more than that . I wanted a lighter stroller . This one is about 27 lbs which is n't the lightest but it is more compact than the Duoglider so it is a lot easier to lift up . The weight really was n't an issue for traveling.I wanted a stroller with storage . This one has 2 decent size baskets on the bottom . I was able to fit my diaper bag which is n't tiny on 1 side & another bulky bag on the other . Plus there are bars which go across underneath the main part of the baskets . Under those bars I was able to fit our lightweight jackets & some other small items . Plus having the center handle on top makes it easy to drape bags over it . We definitely utilized every inch of this stroller on our trip . The cupholders are also a nice addition which some other strollers do not offer . We made sure we removed them before we checked the stroller at the gate.My children love the stroller . It was nice getting a new stroller b/c my 31/2 year old will find any excuse not to sit in one . She liked the fact that she could get in & out of it when she wanted to . She also loves sitting next to her brother . I love the 5 point harness straps . They are so much simpler than the DuoGlider 's . They kept my son in even when he squirmed his way out of the shoulder straps , he still was held in by the waist ones . Plus you only need one hand to release the straps . The seats seem very comfortable . The canopies work well . They pop off in the center every so often but we kept opening & closing the stroller & we kept the jackets on the bottom so we do n't know if maybe that was why . They are easy to get back on though . They do n't completely block the sun . It would be nice if they were n't attached int he back so you could put them lower at times . The seats almost recline to fully flat . My son took a nap everyday in the stroller . My daughter who never naps period , also napped in this stroller . The only thing is that I had to remove the bags from the basket in order to have the seats fully reclined but then I was able to hang both bags over the top handle.The forward middle wheel seems like a great idea too . I never walked into the wheel . When testing the strollers in the store , I purposely took a longer stride & did notice with the McClaren you did hit into the wheel . I do n't know if this would really be a selling point but it seems like a nice feature . I also do love the center handle . It is not easy to steer with 1 hand when I had the stroller fully loaded but when one or both of the children were not sitting it was very easy to do it with 1 hand . Plus I find that when I am stopped with the stroller I like to lean on it which you would not be able to do with the McClarens.The stroller folds pretty compactly . It is a little tight when you first get it & probably does really need to be broken in . We opened & folded it a ton of times on this trip . It is easy to do it quickly but you do need both hands free . Opening it is a little more difficult b/c there are 2 locks on both sides that you have to open so it is a little awkward to do it by yourself . You also have to push the stroller forward at the same time . I am sure with more practice it will get easier . My husband did n't really seem to have a problem . The wheel locks on the stroller are also so easy to do . My Duoglider used to be so difficult to unlock . This one is not.I just love the stroller . I am so happy I purchased it . I needed a new stroller but was hesitant b/c of my daughter 's age . I still felt that she was too young for me to go to a mall by myself & have her walking while still having my son in a stroller . I think this will give us more years to have her safely in a stroller when we go out . I purchased the charcoal color which is a very nice looking stroller . I only wish I purchased it years ago .
 I had previously purchased the Combi Counterpart tandem stroller when I had a second child . Twice in the span of 2 months the wheels BENT after folding up the stroller ! What a hunk of junk !!!! So I invested a little more money & after MUCH research ended up buying the brand new Baby Planet Unity stroller . Holy Cow - it ROCKS ! The steering is amazing -LRB- think one-handed steering ! -RRB- and it just feels really substantial . It 's a bit on the heavy side - around 25 lbs - but to me that 's so worth it for all the quality you get . It 's about 2-3 lbs heavier than the Maclaren Twin Techno but has a much better handlebar . I test drove both of them myself and really just loved this one better over all .
 I did tons of research before purchasing this ... I could find only limited info on both the company website and customer reviews . I emailed the company with some questions and received a reply within hours . This stroller is better than any I tested in the stores including maclaren and peg perego . It can be stiff opening and closing but it certainly is n't difficult . I am 5 ' 4 '' and barely 100 lbs and I have no problem with it in and out of the trunk . The center wheel is slightly ahead of the others in the rear and really makes a difference as far as not tripping over it . Even my husband has commented that it 's easier to push than our peg perego . I took the belly pads off because they kept falling off but it 's fine because most strollers do n't come with them anyway . And it really does fit right through a standard door . I have a 2 year old and 7 month old . They both fit comfortably . I really am pleased with the stroller and would recommend it .
 I have a 3 year old and a one year old and was looking to replace my tandem stroller with a side by side . I did a lot of research , and although I spent a lot more than I had planned to spend , I am not sorry ! I absolutely love this stroller ! I love that the weight limits go up to 55 lbs each . We should be able to use it for a couple of years . My kids do n't want to get out of it . The 3 year old said that it is very comfortable , and the 1 year old cried hysterically when I had to take him out of it to put it in the car . We took it to the mall today . It easily fit through all doors and through narrow clothing aisles . The cup holders came in handy for drinks . The baskets held my very large diaper bag without a problem . I love that it literally turns on a dime . The double handle is great for tall or petite parents , and it 's very soft and comfortable . It folds up very nicely -LRB- a little stiff at first , but is getting easier as it gets broke in -RRB- . It 's a little heavy , but not near as heavy as my Graco tandem stroller . It 's a very attractive stroller . My only complaint would be that the frame is not red , but silver . I thought the red looked really neat in the picture , but mine is actually silver . It still looks nice . I would highly recommend !
 I bought this stroller after having much difficulty with a Sit n Stand . This stroller is great ! It turns very easily , almost one-handed . The storage baskets are large enough to fit a large diaper bag , which is great for a side-by-side . Seats recline almost flat , so it 's excellent for napping and diaper changes . I have an almost 3 yr old and a 4 month old , and this stroller works well for both of them . I really like that my daughter has a seat to nap . With the Sit n Stand , I 'd end up carrying her , and trying to maneuver the stroller one handed . Almost impossible ! I was pleasantly surprised when my stroller arrived because the box was smaller than I expected . It folds very small for a side-by-side . One handed fold , two handed unfold . A bit hard to unfold , until you break it in . Weighs about 27 lbs , which may be heavy but is not much more than some of the larger single strollers like the Graco Quattro . Feels very sturdy.A couple of things that may need improvement -LRB- which is why I give it 4 stars -RRB- , but nothing that would make me change my mind about buying this stroller . The crotch pad falls off if you do n't secure the velcro together and the canopies have a tendency to come off when unfolding -LRB- but it 's easy to slide back on -RRB- . I also wish that the frame was red , like in the picture , but it 's silver.I love that Amazon shipping rates are so low . Living in Hawaii , my options are so limited , so this was a great purchase for me .
 This stroller is great because it has the one-hand steering so I can push my twins and hold my toddlers hand . I have n't seen this in another mid-price stroller . I think it only compares to the Twin Techno McClaren -LRB- it has similar price and construction - folds the same way , etc. -RRB- and outpaces it in several ways ; - I think it looks much better - It is much more sturdy-feeling which gives it a more quality appearance than the McClaren - Has cup holders - The seats are much more padded and adjust to any postion not just five - The belts are much easier to use - not as flimsy and twisted up - and have more practical padding.However , this could use the shock absorbant wheels and the UV protection on the canopies to completely outpace the McClaren . It is also is a little heavy and cumbersome to fold , but I attribute this to what appears to be sturdier , better materials used to make it . The McClaren beside it just looks flimsy . It could use a snack tray too and baskets that accomodate larger diaper bags.Overall , I would strongly recommend this stroller to any parent , particularly one with more than two children , multiples or someone who walks a pet .
 This stroller is great because it has the one-hand steering so I can push my twins and hold my toddlers hand . I have n't seen this in another mid-price stroller . I think it only compares to the Twin Techno McClaren -LRB- it has similar price and construction - folds the same way , etc. -RRB- and outpaces it in several ways ; - I think it looks much better - It is much more sturdy-feeling which gives it a more quality appearance than the McClaren - Has cup holders - The seats are much more padded and adjust to any postion not just five - The belts are much easier to use - not as flimsy and twisted up - and have more practical padding.However , this could use the shock absorbant wheels and the UV protection on the canopies to completely outpace the McClaren . It is also is a little heavy and cumbersome to fold , but I attribute this to what appears to be sturdier , better materials used to make it . The McClaren beside it just looks flimsy . It could use a snack tray too and baskets that accomodate larger diaper bags.Overall , I would strongly recommend this stroller to any parent , particularly one with more than two children , multiples or someone who walks a pet .
 This stroller is the best double stroller . If you want something easy to push , comfortable for your kids , and folds like an umbrella stroller , this is it ! I have a 2 month old and a 2 and a half your old , and this is perfect for them . This stroller is the size of my single jogging stroller , thats pretty narrow for a double . I love this stroller !
 After reading many reviews and visiting BRU numerous times , I decided on this stroller . I 've had it now for a few months . My twins are 4.5 months old.Pros :1 . Turns on a dime -- and you can lock the front wheels if you 're on rough terrain .2 . cupholders for mom and dad .3 . folds down pretty easily .4 . not overly heavy .5 . both seats lay back almost flat.Cons :1 . Bins below are hard to access , but you can still shove quite a bit in .2 . No trays for the kids.I LOVE THIS STROLLER !!!
 I bought this Baby Planet Unity Sport for my twins that are 5 months old . I have a BOB Duallie Revolution and LOVE it ! But , it is too big for malls , etc. . so I needed an umbrella type stroller . We chose this one after much researching due to the small wheel in the middle back to make it easier to walk and the handle , and we liked the way it looked -- it looked a bit more `` sturdy '' than the Maclaren . I am happy with it over all , my babies love to be in it and seem very comfy . It is not as easy to steer as my BOB jogger , but is ok - it is a bit large for going in between racks , the wheels would get caught in small stores -- BUT , when you have twins , you do n't have a choice -- it is way easier to maneuver than a front/back stroller . Overall , I 'm happy with this purchase - love the ease of folding and unfolding .
 The delivery was fast and did n't take long for assembly . I have a 2 year old and a 5-month old and this stroller is great for our everyday use to the park , grocery stores and post office . The stroller fits fine in the doorways , and is easy to manuever if you have to open the door by yourself . The seats adjust independantly so it 's great when one child wants to sleep and the other is wide awake ! As for closing and storing , it is easy . About 4 steps to fold and it fits easily in to my car trunk . I did a lot of research for which type of stroller we wanted and I am very pleased with my purchase . I would recommend to anyone who is busy and likes convienence .
 This stroller is great because it has the one-hand steering so I can push my twins and hold my toddlers hand . I have n't seen this in another mid-price stroller . I think it only compares to the Twin Techno McClaren -LRB- it has similar price and construction - folds the same way , etc. -RRB- and outpaces it in several ways ; - I think it looks much better - It is much more sturdy-feeling which gives it a more quality appearance than the McClaren - Has cup holders - The seats are much more padded and adjust to any postion not just five - The belts are much easier to use - not as flimsy and twisted up - and have more practical padding.However , this could use the shock absorbant wheels and the UV protection on the canopies to completely outpace the McClaren . It is also is a little heavy and cumbersome to fold , but I attribute this to what appears to be sturdier , better materials used to make it . The McClaren beside it just looks flimsy . It could use a snack tray too and baskets that accomodate larger diaper bags.Overall , I would strongly recommend this stroller to any parent , particularly one with more than two children , multiples or someone who walks a pet .
 I just got this stroller today . The shipping was super-fast . I ordered it Tuesday evening and had it by Thursday after lunch time . I had to put the wheels on , but it was very easy to do , they just clicked right in . Once I figured out how to put the canopies on , they were easy too . It seems to push smoothly with my 41/2 year old and my 2 year old , which is awesome because thats a good bit of weight for the stroller to handle.Some people have rated this stroller badly , but honestly they expect a miracle stroller that folds itself up , weighs nothing , and does n't require hands to push . Lets be realistic ; pushing two kids , and unfolding a double stroller is going to take the use of your hands and requires some lifting , no matter what stroller it is . I 've seen people mention that the canopy does n't go over their kid 's face . If the canopy did go over their kid 's face , people would complain that it is a suffocation hazard ! So be realistic when purchasing any stroller.I am very satisfied to have a stroller that will make it a bit easier to transport my kids around Disney World when we leave next week .
 As mentioned before , the seat belt cover falls off easily and it 's difficult to open up until you use it a while . The fact that it 's mostly recyclable is a real plus in our throwaway society . The pros outweigh the cons , the wheels are durable , unlike our old stroller . Do n't have enough time to write a full review , let 's just say I 'd buy it again .
 This is truly the BEST double stroller you can get for this price point . Turns on a dime , even ONE HANDED ! -LRB- ok , if you 're looking at this you 've got two kids , right ? how often are they BOTH going to be sitting complacently in the stroller ? , you can actually be holding one kid and easily be steering this with the other kid in it . -RRB- Fits through any doorway , folds quick and easy , holds up to 50 lbs per seat , plus lots more in the large and easily accessible spaces below , parent drink holders , seats fully recline -LRB- both my kids ages 3 & 41/2 have taken naps in it - at the same time ! -RRB- I have had this for over a year , through two big vacations -LRB- disneyworld , and arizona -RRB- and frequently go to local zoos , museums , malls , and amusement parks , it has never let me down even though I use it very hard . I love this stroller .
 I just received this stroller in the mail and am very happy with it . I am expecting my second son any day , and have an 18 month old son . I 've already taken him for a couple walks in it , so he gets used to it and he really likes it . It 's so easy to steer and turn , much easier than any other strollers that I tried out in Babies R Us . It is a little hard to fold up , but I 've read other reviews that say after a few times of folding it , it gets `` worn in '' I highly recommend this stroller .
 I purchased the double techno XT because I already owned a single techno xt and loved it . I have a 21/2 year old and a six month old and I often travel alone with the two of them . Other strollers do not appear to be as strong and carry as much weight as this one . Love the way it folds and reclines . Love the sturdiness and materials used in this product . Love the fact that it is great on numerous terrains . It is a bit on the heavy side when lifting but I see it as more exercise for me ! It is great for a situation like mine when you have two kids who are still young but yet one of them is a bit older . I know this stroller will last me a long time . My single Maclaren looks great and is still functioning great after 2 years . The one negative I really find with the Maclaren techno is that in order to recline , you need both hands and sometimes you want to recline it with one hand while you are holding your sleeping baby in the other .
 I knew I wanted a side by side We had a front to back double for my daughter and nephew and one was always kicking the seat of the other . I debated between the combi , peg-perego and this one . I ruled out the combi because a friend of mine had it and I did n't like that the seats did n't sit straight up and that they seemed kind of flimsy -LCB- even when buckled in my daughter could stand straight up , the seat just moved up with her -RCB- . I ruled out the peg-perego because of online reviews about the basket dragging when too much stuff was in it , and also because when we put our 2 year old daughter in one at the store she seemed scrunched in.So I got the Maclaren and love it . It has the head pad for the baby and the covers for the straps . It reclines enough for my newborn to be comfortable . We love the five point harness and that the closure is a little tough to undo -LCB- since our 2 year old is very good at getting buckles undone -RCB- . The canopy is adequate for our 2 year old , but the infant -LCB- when laying all the way down -RCB- still gets sun in her face at certain times of the day . -LCB- once she is able to sit up a bit more this problem should be gone . -RCB- There is more than enough storage on this stroller . There are pockets on the back of each hood that can fit keys , cell phones , pacifers , and other smaller items . I can fit my small diaper bag and purse in the bottom of the two seats -LCB- just be careful because when the seat is laying flat you really ca n't access the baskets . -RCB- Our bigger diaper bags handle is wide enough to fit across the two handles and hang from there.My only complaint is no child tray . We love this feature on our Peg Perego P3 since it makes feeding the child a snack pretty easy when you are on the go . In addition the adult cup holders only fit a bottle of water or a childs bottle . In addition if you hit them the wrong way the can pop off.Overall this is an excellent stroller and we look forward to using it for sometime .
 My son -LRB- who will be 2 at the end of November -RRB- has been sleeping in our bed since birth and my husband and I were concerned that it would be impossible to get him to sleep in his own bed , but he loves this toddler bed . He did since the day we brought it home . Its so easy for him to get in and out of , it looks cute , its safe and close to the ground . We love it and he loves it , definately worth the money . My husband had no problem assembling it . I think the overall quality is good for the price we paid .
 I recently purchased this bed for my two year-old daughter . It was time to make the transition into a `` big girl bed '' , and this bed was an excellent choice . After I put it together for her , she told me that she wanted to go `` night night '' . She could n't wait to hop in ! She even asked to go to bed early that night!Because this bed uses a standard crib mattress , I think she had an easier time adjusting to the switch , being that it was the same mattress she had slept on for two years . It 's low to the ground design makes it easy for little ones to get in and out , and also means less distance to fall , should they roll out of bed.I am a single mother , and I managed to put this bed together by myself in about 45 minutes . Aside from the side railings being mismarked , I found assembly to be fairly easy . Once assembled , this bed is very sturdy . The design is elegant yet simple , and I think this bed would blend nicely with a variety of decor . Definitely consider this bed if you are looking for a nice little bed for your toddler . Great buy !
 My grandson loves it . It is a safe and sturdy bed . More style I think because of the curves of the head and footboard . Easy to assemble and looks so nice in the room . . fast delivery also .
 My daughter loves this little bed -- it is low to the floor , durable and stylish . It was a struggle to put together -- instructions were very vague , but after two hours and a few words of frustration , we finally had a great todler bed . My daughter climbs into it at night , kisses us goodnight , and sleeps all night happily . I would buy this bed again , and again , and again !
 I bought this bed for my 22 month old daughter who jumped head first out of her crib . It 's was time for a Big Girl bed . This bed is sturdy and CUTE ! She loves it ! She has slept in this bed since the first night . I 've had no problems with the bed or putting it together . I would highly recommend it to anyone in search of a toddler bed !
 Bought this one for my two year old boy and he loves it ! Nice little bed , easy to put together and the side rails are just right .
 To give you an idea of what we think , we have 2 of these and will buy the 3rd in a few months . Knowing these are on the market , I would not recommend putting your child into a full size bed . The bed is in proper proportion to the child - they can sit on the bed , get in and out easily . Assembly is easy . The wood is hardwood , so durability is not as issue.Very good product .
 I researched a lot of toddler beds and decided on the sleigh bed by Delta . I have no problems with this bed . My daughter transitioned from her baby bed to this bed and sleep through the night the very first night . She is able to get in and out of her bed with no problems and the safety rails are just in the right places to prevent her from falling out . The bed has proven very durable and I plan to use this bed for the next couple of years .
 I bought 2 Toddler beds for my twin grandbabys , the love to go to bed and sleep in the big girls bed.I recomand them to anybody who needs toddler beds.The beds are just great .
 This bed was not on my list of toddler beds because of the overall 3 star rating . However , when I saw it set up in the store , and did a thorough look over of the bed and found it to be very sturdy and of good quality , I decided to purchase it . Upon returning home I decided to read the reviews and noticed the main problem was no hardware . I checked our box and voila ... no hardware . I called the store I purchased it at , and they opened another box and gave me the bag of screws and such.The bed took about 30 minutes for 2 adults to assemble , and like the store model it is very sturdy an no loose parts . My 2yo loves the bed . It is the perfect height for him to get in and out and he is very close to the ground.Overall , this bed was a great purchase . Just make sure you purchase it in a store , to make getting parts easier !
 This bed is great my son loves it , but I didnt buy it from here I bought the same bed on ebay for only $ 65 and it was new in the box .
 This is my 22-month-old 's new favorite play place . I do n't know if that 's a good thing , but he loves the bed . The bed was easy to assemble and is very well made .
 I ordered this bed for my 14 month old son because he had been trying to climb out of his crib and I did n't want him to fall . I really like the bed , it seems sturdy and will likely last through future children , but I had major problems with getting the bed delivered . When I ordered it the invoice said the bed would ship within 7 days . 7 days after I ordered it , they sent an e-mail saying my shipment was delayed . Since then my son did climb out of his bed , but luckily without injury . My suggestion is to find a bed at a local store before ordering this one online if your in any kind of hurry for it .
 This is a good value for the price and once assembled is quite sturdy . I was impressed with quality of the hardware and finish of the item and the Natural color blends well into any decor . The assembly was pretty easy and instructions simple yet clear . The rails make it safer for children who move around in their sleep and it is close to the floor should they roll or fall out . No sharp edges or hazards we could find .
 out of all the places i have looked for the sleigh style cribs , toddler beds , cradles and everything else sleigh style babies r us is the best and i love the price it is so much cheaper then the other places i have looked
 Im in the market for this bed ... I love the design of the toddler bed ... it better than your basic up down ...
 My son got this chair for his 1st birthday . I wish we 'd had it from the start.We 've been using it for over 3 months now and I have n't got a single complaint.It 's ridiculously easy to clean and there 's nowhere for food to hide.I have n't had any problems with stability and sturdiness.My son is pretty mellow and tends to sit calmly during meals howeverso I ca n't say how it would hold up to roughness.That said , I highly recommend it .
 My son is 13 months old and 25 pounds . One mother wrote that her 10 month old 24 pound baby could not fit in it , but my son fits into it fine with room to grow and he is even considered a & quot ; big baby & quot ; . I think that people need to take into consideration the height and weight proportion when buying the product . Every child is different , with different weight and height which means different shapes.Instead of my huge high chair in the kitchen , I now have a small booster that stays in one of the kitchen table seats and slides right under the table w / the chair when my son is not in it . It is a great space saver .
 I recently purchased this seat for my 1 year old daughter and used it last week at the beach . The chair easily and securely fit on the chair . The tray stayed attached , unlike other models I had tried . My daughter enjoyed many meals in her new seat . Cleaning it was a breeze as was packing it for travel . This is a great seat at a great price .
 The basic idea is great and the ease of assembly is nice - no tools needed . We have used it with all the grandchildren -LRB- 6 -RRB- and one nephew.I think it needs some design improvements : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the straps which are used to hold it to a chair would be better if there were a strap which went from front to back , not just around the back of the seat . One of the grandkids seems unable to sit still and I keep expecting him to tip over the chair because it tends to slide sideways in the front . -LRB- 2 -RRB- the tray is designed for a slim child . On one side , the tray fits a finger like protusion into a hole . On the other side , there are 2 places to attach the tray in slots . Only when the tray is in the innermost position , is it aligned directly in front of the child and there is n't a great deal of tummy room . If you move the tray to the outer position -LRB- available on one side only -RRB- , the tray is cocked at an angle and it still probably would n't accomodate a child with a larger stomach . -LRB- 3 -RRB- the belts to hold the child need to be longer.Fortunately for us , all the grandkids and nephew are slim . At least so far .
 My son has been using this seat since he was able to sit unassisted . The chair is very easy to assemble and disassemble . It is also dishwasher safe , which is helpful for those really messy situations . The removable tray is great for getting the mess away from him , so I can clean him up without him getting messy again . He is now almost 20 months old , and we still use it -LRB- now as a booster -RRB- . He is tall for his age , but it still fits him well -LRB- with plenty of room to grow -RRB- . As for the complaints about it not fitting larger babies , I do n't really know . My son is very slender , but there is quite of bit of `` breathing room '' for him . We make frequent trips to grandma 's house and to friends ' houses and this seat is very travel friendly . All in all , this is a great product at a great price .
 I loved this for my first 2 kids and had worn it out ! I was so sad that they were discontinued ! I am so happy Amazon still has a seller with them as I could not find anything like it being made presently ! It is super easy to clean and I do n't have to turn around to get the tray .
 This seat is very easy to use and to clean -LRB- vs those fabric ones -RRB- . We purchased this seat for our son 4 years ago . Now we are using it again for our daughter.The customer service of `` the first years '' products is great . We lost the safety straps for this seat . I made a phone call , and they mailed new straps to us.I could n't be more satisfied .
 I 've had one of these booster seats for years . This design has worked so well for our growing family , I 'm looking for another . I 've used this seat for three children now and need another to accomodate a fourth child . I 'm not sure I 've ever used the tray . I just push my boys right up to the table . I particularly like the fact that is has three height levels . The only thing I do n't like is when I put it in the dishwasher it gets water inside the pieces . I put a towel under the seat to absorb the leaking water . The seat stays together so well , I have a hard time taking it apart to put it in the dishwasher .
 This is the only `` high chair '' we have at our house . We have two and two kids . The seat is adjustable and seems very comfortable to the kids . It is easy to clean and easy to use .
 I have the bed in white and it has been very well received by my toddler . The mattress from the crib fit perfectly on the toddler bed , even with the waterproof mattress pad.The bed is sturdy and the safety rails are a great feature . The bed is JPMA approved -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , which is an added bonus.Overall , I am very pleased with this product .
 This bed was exactly as advertised . Great deal for the price . It 's sturdy enough to last the year or two that it will be of use . Easy to put together and looks good in our son 's room .
 This bed is as advertised . It is a good-quality wood bed - nice finish , easy to assemble and sturdy . It fit our Colgate crib mattress perfectly . The side rails make my son feel secure and helps to keep his wriggly body in place . It is pretty low to the ground so he can learn to crawl in on his own . The assembly can be done alone , but goes more easily with two -LRB- and even easier if the toddler is n't right there doing more than handing parts over ! -RRB- . I was looking for a bed to last the next two years for my toddler and I was able to get this one on special for about $ 55.00 including shipping . I consider that a total steal . This would have been worth the $ 99.00 price as well .
 I have the bed in white and it has been very well received by my toddler . The mattress from the crib fit perfectly on the toddler bed , even with the waterproof mattress pad.The bed is sturdy and the safety rails are a great feature . The bed is JPMA approved -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , which is an added bonus.Overall , I am very pleased with this product .
 This bed was exactly as advertised . Great deal for the price . It 's sturdy enough to last the year or two that it will be of use . Easy to put together and looks good in our son 's room .
 This bed is as advertised . It is a good-quality wood bed - nice finish , easy to assemble and sturdy . It fit our Colgate crib mattress perfectly . The side rails make my son feel secure and helps to keep his wriggly body in place . It is pretty low to the ground so he can learn to crawl in on his own . The assembly can be done alone , but goes more easily with two -LRB- and even easier if the toddler is n't right there doing more than handing parts over ! -RRB- . I was looking for a bed to last the next two years for my toddler and I was able to get this one on special for about $ 55.00 including shipping . I consider that a total steal . This would have been worth the $ 99.00 price as well .
 My son -LRB- who will be 2 at the end of November -RRB- has been sleeping in our bed since birth and my husband and I were concerned that it would be impossible to get him to sleep in his own bed , but he loves this toddler bed . He did since the day we brought it home . Its so easy for him to get in and out of , it looks cute , its safe and close to the ground . We love it and he loves it , definately worth the money . My husband had no problem assembling it . I think the overall quality is good for the price we paid .
 I recently purchased this bed for my two year-old daughter . It was time to make the transition into a `` big girl bed '' , and this bed was an excellent choice . After I put it together for her , she told me that she wanted to go `` night night '' . She could n't wait to hop in ! She even asked to go to bed early that night!Because this bed uses a standard crib mattress , I think she had an easier time adjusting to the switch , being that it was the same mattress she had slept on for two years . It 's low to the ground design makes it easy for little ones to get in and out , and also means less distance to fall , should they roll out of bed.I am a single mother , and I managed to put this bed together by myself in about 45 minutes . Aside from the side railings being mismarked , I found assembly to be fairly easy . Once assembled , this bed is very sturdy . The design is elegant yet simple , and I think this bed would blend nicely with a variety of decor . Definitely consider this bed if you are looking for a nice little bed for your toddler . Great buy !
 My grandson loves it . It is a safe and sturdy bed . More style I think because of the curves of the head and footboard . Easy to assemble and looks so nice in the room . . fast delivery also .
 My daughter loves this little bed -- it is low to the floor , durable and stylish . It was a struggle to put together -- instructions were very vague , but after two hours and a few words of frustration , we finally had a great todler bed . My daughter climbs into it at night , kisses us goodnight , and sleeps all night happily . I would buy this bed again , and again , and again !
 I bought this bed for my 22 month old daughter who jumped head first out of her crib . It 's was time for a Big Girl bed . This bed is sturdy and CUTE ! She loves it ! She has slept in this bed since the first night . I 've had no problems with the bed or putting it together . I would highly recommend it to anyone in search of a toddler bed !
 Bought this one for my two year old boy and he loves it ! Nice little bed , easy to put together and the side rails are just right .
 This bed is great my son loves it , but I didnt buy it from here I bought the same bed on ebay for only $ 65 and it was new in the box .
 This is my 22-month-old 's new favorite play place . I do n't know if that 's a good thing , but he loves the bed . The bed was easy to assemble and is very well made .
 I ordered this bed for my 14 month old son because he had been trying to climb out of his crib and I did n't want him to fall . I really like the bed , it seems sturdy and will likely last through future children , but I had major problems with getting the bed delivered . When I ordered it the invoice said the bed would ship within 7 days . 7 days after I ordered it , they sent an e-mail saying my shipment was delayed . Since then my son did climb out of his bed , but luckily without injury . My suggestion is to find a bed at a local store before ordering this one online if your in any kind of hurry for it .
 This is a good value for the price and once assembled is quite sturdy . I was impressed with quality of the hardware and finish of the item and the Natural color blends well into any decor . The assembly was pretty easy and instructions simple yet clear . The rails make it safer for children who move around in their sleep and it is close to the floor should they roll or fall out . No sharp edges or hazards we could find .
 out of all the places i have looked for the sleigh style cribs , toddler beds , cradles and everything else sleigh style babies r us is the best and i love the price it is so much cheaper then the other places i have looked
 Im in the market for this bed ... I love the design of the toddler bed ... it better than your basic up down ...
 To give you an idea of what we think , we have 2 of these and will buy the 3rd in a few months . Knowing these are on the market , I would not recommend putting your child into a full size bed . The bed is in proper proportion to the child - they can sit on the bed , get in and out easily . Assembly is easy . The wood is hardwood , so durability is not as issue.Very good product .
 I researched a lot of toddler beds and decided on the sleigh bed by Delta . I have no problems with this bed . My daughter transitioned from her baby bed to this bed and sleep through the night the very first night . She is able to get in and out of her bed with no problems and the safety rails are just in the right places to prevent her from falling out . The bed has proven very durable and I plan to use this bed for the next couple of years .
 I bought 2 Toddler beds for my twin grandbabys , the love to go to bed and sleep in the big girls bed.I recomand them to anybody who needs toddler beds.The beds are just great .
 This bed was not on my list of toddler beds because of the overall 3 star rating . However , when I saw it set up in the store , and did a thorough look over of the bed and found it to be very sturdy and of good quality , I decided to purchase it . Upon returning home I decided to read the reviews and noticed the main problem was no hardware . I checked our box and voila ... no hardware . I called the store I purchased it at , and they opened another box and gave me the bag of screws and such.The bed took about 30 minutes for 2 adults to assemble , and like the store model it is very sturdy an no loose parts . My 2yo loves the bed . It is the perfect height for him to get in and out and he is very close to the ground.Overall , this bed was a great purchase . Just make sure you purchase it in a store , to make getting parts easier !
 i got this for my baby due in march . even though i live in new england area i knew the original bundle me would be too heavy . its perfect wieght for the 50-75 degree weather . it stays on the infant carseat at all times and that way my husband will never forget to have a blanket for the baby . it washes well too ! if you do get a day here and there when its a lot warmer and you do n't need it then the top part zips off and you do n't have to take baby out and remove the entire product . then the next chilly day zip the top back on ! great all around !
 I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!I own the Original Bundle me and bought the new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside any version of the BundleMe , but having the BundleMe definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme GraphiteOr the Urban BundleMe : JJ Cole Urban Bundleme Ice
 I chose the lighter one based on other reviews of the wool getting all over the baby . I 'm using this one this winter but putting a blanket on top of baby to protect him from the cold . Very good quality product .
 I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!I own the Original Bundle me and bought the new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside any version of the BundleMe , but having the BundleMe definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme GraphiteOr the Urban BundleMe : JJ Cole Urban Bundleme Ice
 I would highly advise you to buy the Bundle me Lite over the Bundle me regular . I own both and live in Minnesota , so the winters get very cold . My baby got to hot most of the time with the original bundle me -LRB- I also put a blanket in the car seat with him -RRB- . With the bunle me Lite we did not have this problem . Great Great product a must have for baby !!!!
 I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!I own the Original Bundle me and bought this new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside any version of the BundleMe , but having the BundleMe definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme Graphite
 We live in Michigan and this is still heavy enough for the winter . Since we just take our babies from inside to the car and back there is really no time that he was out side for longer than 10 minutes . On the few really cold days I just put a blanket in with him .
 I love the Bundle Me products ! No more blankets kicked off the stroller or car seat and it provides a nice cushioned layer between the baby and the vinyl car seat surface . I would highly recommend the `` Original '' and `` Lite '' , which you can also use in combination -LRB- top of one with bottom of other etc to get the right amount of warmth -RRB- . Works great in the car seat and our Bugaboo Gecko . Must have product .
 I recieved the heavier version of the Bundle Me as a baby gift and loved it , but we only used it for a couple of months . Once March hit it just got to warm outside to use it , but I loved how it worked and how I did n't have to worry about grabbing a blanket or layering his clothing to go outside . We have been using the Bundle Me Lite for 2 months now and love it . It keeps the chill off of him in the morning and can easily zip off as it gets warmer later in the day . I like not having to add a blanket to the mess of things I already carry when we leave the house .
 I have a Bundle Me already , but it has been getting too warm for it . However , it 's still chilly enough and at times windy that I still needed a cover . I love the Original Bundle Me so much I invested in this liter one and I love it . My little one loves it as well ! It 's so soft and still keeps her cozy ! Highly recommend !
 I live in a very windy part of the country and this blanket , if you will , keeps my little girl shielded from the wind and also keeps her warm , and I do n't need to rely solely on a blanket that might blow away ! The only fault I find is that it is quite difficult to put on the car seat . Of course , once you figure it out and it is in place , it is fantastic !
 We have a Graco Snugride 32 and this fits on it just fine . We have yet to use it because the baby is n't here yet and wo n't even use it when she comes because it she 's coming in July , but when the chilly October and November weather rolls around I 'll be glad for this . I had to deal with snowsuits and jackets with my other 2 girls and this time I wo n't . It should make it so much easier . I also bought the original bundle me and it also fits great on this and should be perfect for the colder December and January months .
 nice product , but the one I received is not embroidered as shown here . It is just a very pale pink with grey lining . But it is a nice lightweight carseat cover for fall and washes nicely .
 I love this lite version . I have used the original in the past with my daughter for heavier months but did not see this one for spring and fall three years ago . I put the lite version on my Graco carseat with no problem and ca n't wait to use it for my baby boy that is on his way in the next month . The material is so soft and perfect for Buffalo 's fall and spring months . I found that the original made my daughter too sweaty during the non-winter months . I would recommend this to everyone I know . I did buy another original also and plan on using it in December . These beat using snowsuits any day .
 we liked the first one so much we got a second as a back up for whenever the other is in the wash . perfect for temperature changes when taking baby to overly air-conditioned restaurants on hot days .
 This item is absolutely great . it keeps baby warm and if it becomes to hot for any reason its so easy to just unzip off the top layer without having to take baby out and readjust . with my first child i used blankets when it was cold out and he would kick them off quickly or the blanket would drag on the floor and it was another thing to carry around and possibly forget somewhere . . etc etc. this solves all of those problems . i wish i had it for my first and i am definitely loving it for my second.simple to put on and off also . it uses velcro on the back so you dont have to readjust the entire carseat straps to fit it in . you leave everything the way its suppose to be without any readjustments.it also looks great too . easy to clean . washable .
 New moms take note ! This is a fabulous product you do n't want to go without . Just put your baby , with her regular `` inside '' clothes , in the carseat and zip it up . No need for heavy jackets or loose blankets . Excellent ! I also have the regular bundle-me with fleece . This is a lighter weight perfect for spring . Both are great ! PS . I found that the light bottom with the fleece top are great together , so the baby does n't get too hot underneath .
 I just love this lite bundle me ! I did n't want to spend the 50 or 60 dollars on the regular bundle me so I decided to give this one a shot and I totally love it . When my four month old is dressed warm it is perfect to just cover her up against the wind . On those colder days I just stick in one of the many fleese blankets she got at her shower and turns into the perfect bundle me . The only thing that I would say about it is that my four month old is almost touching the bottom of it now when in the jogger . No problem , I just ordered the toddler one . I just wish i had gotten this when she was first born . This is definitly a must have .
 I have used this cover with all 5 of our children and it is still in perfect shape . Great for spring/summber weather . We switch to the sherpa lined one for the winter .
 I purchased this bundle me after attempting to use the regular bundle me . I live in Boston and thought the regular one would be more appropriate , but between the car seat pads they have now for newborns , and the bundle me , my 9lb newborn fussed so much that he worked up a sweat ! The bundle me light is much thinner , but still warm , and allows the use of the carseat pads without squishing baby . The outside is also made of a weatherproof fabric , whereas the regular bundle me was just fleece . Overall , I am very satsified with the bundle me light !
 i was looking for light Bundle Me after i returned the thick one and stumbled upon this one . the design is cute and material is great . i would put the cover over the car seat canopy when the babies are sleeping and/or if it 's raining or misty . this design is not available in stores so it was a great find .
 We received this item from our baby registry . We love it . It keeps our infant warm on cold days in the car seat when we go on walks . It is easy to install and helps to save time when leaving the house , one less thing to worry about packing since it is attached to the seat .
 This is the second bundle me lite that I have bought . The first one was pink and I just had a little boy so I needed a blue one :-RRB- I like the lite bundle me because I could use it for fall , winter , and spring . It is so easy to just pull it over their head if it rains or is really cold outside . The inside is very soft and it washes well too . In the dead of winter I just added a blanket underneath . I also bought one for my friend that just had a baby . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 I bough this bundle me for my first son , and i love it , he was always warm inside and i never need to use a extra blanket or dress him a lot , in fact i used with my second son and still good like new !!
 I bought this for my newborn . It is not too heavy -LRB- there is a heavier version for colder climates -RRB- and you just zip up the kid and flip the flap over him/her when outside . If you need a bit more , tuck in a blanket before zipping up . This is perfect if you just carry around the baby carrier everywhere . No need for a jacket for the baby !!!
 This item is great for those cool fall days or just evening strolls . Gives that little bit of wind and weather protection without overheating the baby . It 's way more convenient than a bunch of blankets ! For these really cold days , the thicker version is great too .
 Our baby girl practically lives in this . You can leave it open when it is hot , or pull and zip it up when it is cold . It is so soft inside . She loves it .
 I ca n't rave enough about this product . I am a runner & it is perfect for the jogging stoller . I prefer the Lite version as our winter is pretty mild here . I just make sure my little one is well wrapped up under the Bundle Me which helps keep the wind & chill off him .
 I am really happy with the bundle . I do n't have to worry about carrying extra blankets .
 We were constantly bundling up our baby girl with piles of blankets every time we 'd leave the house . Now all we have to do is zip her up and we 're good to go , no more piling all the layers in an worrying they might fall off ! I love this , SO worth the money ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 A very practical solution , i use it for my Graco stroller , of course it wo n't perfectly fit it , but i do n't have to search for blanket on the floor anymore .
 I wanted one of these for my first child but never bought one . Now I have one for my 8 month old and it is wonderful . It fits great on both her stroller and her Graco Pedic carseat . It is warm and cozy and comfortable for her . HIghly recommended .
 I bought the Bundle Me Lite for the spring and fall months , but did n't really use it all that much . Unless you live in an area where the spring and fall months are cool for an extended period of time , I would just stick with the Original or Urban version . Here I guess the weather goes straight from Summer to Winter!I own the Original Bundle me and bought the new Urban bundle me for my cousin 's baby . The Original Bundle Me seems to be warmer with the faux sheepskin on the inside instead of the micro-fleece on the inside of the Urban version . The faux sheepskin seems to be cozier for baby , too . When it is super cold outside , you have to add your own blankets inside any version of the BundleMe , but having the BundleMe definitely helps keep the blankets where you put them.One aspect of the Urban version that I liked better is that the nylon exterior of the Urban picks up less `` debris '' than the fleece exterior of the Original . The fleece seems to attract hair , dirt , etc. . The nylon Urban is also rain/water resistant . The Original fleece one never seemed to get wet even though it does n't make the claim that it is water resistant.The whole line of BundleMe products is an AMAZING god-send if you have ever had to put a baby into a coat or snowsuit and then tried to put the car seat straps around them . I ca n't tell you which one will suit your needs more , just trying to help make your selection process more successful !! Whichever one you choose will definitely make your life SOOO much easier!This is a link to the Bundle Me Original that I own : JJ Cole Original Bundleme GraphiteOr the Urban BundleMe : JJ Cole Urban Bundleme Ice
 The truth is it is difficult the adjust the height straps , but the good news is that our children 's height does not change from day to day so once the straps are in place you do not have to keep moving them back and forth . The best part of the seat is how you adjust the staps to make them a little tighter or looser . The adjuster is on the front under the chest buckle . It is so easy to loosen it so i can leave my sons coat on to run just down the road and then to tighten it again when we take his coat off for longer journeys . I have not had to wash it so i dont know how it will hold up through that . i do know that he was in his convertable car seat from age 9 monthes to age 21/4 and the only time i had to wash it was once and that was when he was done with it and we passed it on to our daughter . overall this is a great carseat . it is priced resonably , it fits snug to my van seat , and is comfortable for my son .
 Although the straps are a pain to adjust in the back , it gives me the feeling that he is safe . I dont have to worry about them popping out while driving or some other horrible thing happening as a result of them not being secure and in place . True , it took us about 30 minutes to just get the seat adjusted to my Son 's height it was well worth it in the end . Not only is he comfortable i am secure in believeing he is perfectly safe in this seat . Every other seat we have had has been an even bigger Pain and never got tight , this one is tight and well planted in the car . I am not even going to install the cupholder unless we are on a long trip , they seem they will come off too easily . The goody bag is nice for small toys or whatever he would `` need '' back there to keep him happy . Overall the seat is great , and it should last for the rest of his time in booster seats . It was resonably priced and just works for us . Once you get the straps adjusted the rest is a breeze .
 I had the generations model but after breaking and being unreparable in only 6 hours I took it back and got this model . I like the buckle a lot better and it is really easy to adjust the tightness of the straps . The padding is good and my daughter -LRB- 20 months -RRB- likes it so far . The straps of the Cosco/eddie bauer seats are horrible and get twisted so bad that it really narrowed down our choices and this was the only one we were pretty much left with other then the generations model . I love the look of it and love how light it is , this thing will be so much nicer to cary around the airport .
 We bought this booster carseat for our 2 year old last July she was 1.5 we were traveling and did n't want to lug around our 25 lb carseat . This seat is great , it 's comfortable and will grow with her for many years . The buckle on the front is easy for adults to use but would be very hard for a little kid to undo . Yes the straps on the back were a pain to adjust but in the 9 months we have had this seat we had to do it once . The straps are supposed to be above the child 's shoulder so once they are moved to the top you wo n't have to do it again . We had n't even installed the seat into the car so it was n't that hard to do at home . This seat was great to take on our vacation it was so easy to carry around .
 My husband and i have an eddie bauer convertible car seat and the `` puzzle-piece '' latch was absolutely horrible for getting my 2 year old son in , especially when he resisted . We searched and searched for the right car seat and this is the one we purchased . My son loves it and brags about it . It is easy to get him in and out of . the straps are easily adjusted from the front and they do not twist like the outher carseat did . the cover wipes clean easily . We are even buying one for our second baby .
 We just purchased this seat for our year old son . I really do n't understand why there are so many bad reviews for this product . I had no problem adjusting the straps . It took me literally 90 seconds to pop the clips out and move them up one level and snap them back into place . My son seems very happy and comfortable in it .
 This is a nice seat . The shoulder strap adjustments are different than most other car seats , but it still works fine . My husband had no trouble adjusting it & I too think it would be best for it to be tight than loose . There are guides for the car 's seatbelt when it will be used as a booster alone - this is a nice feature.It 's not too bulky & the armrests and cupholder are a little frivilous -LRB- if you ask me -RRB- but work fine . The headrest IS silly , but can be removed . All in all , it ` sworking great for us .
 We have had this seat for several months now and we really like it . It is comfortable and easy to use . I did n't have problems with the adjustments or the cup holders or armrests coming off . I think the key is to make sure they are installed correctly . If you have the armrests over the padding , they will definitly not stay put . You have to install them under the padding and then pull the padding back up . The only thing we did n't like about this seat is that once they have graduated to using the seatbelt instead of the harness , you have to make sure the belt is behind the armrests , unlike most booster seats , because they are detachable . When other people besides myself or my husband put my son in the seat , they ususally do n't do that part right . Other than that it is a great seat in my opinion .
 The truth is it is difficult the adjust the height straps , but the good news is that our children 's height does not change from day to day so once the straps are in place you do not have to keep moving them back and forth . The best part of the seat is how you adjust the staps to make them a little tighter or looser . The adjuster is on the front under the chest buckle . It is so easy to loosen it so i can leave my sons coat on to run just down the road and then to tighten it again when we take his coat off for longer journeys . I have not had to wash it so i dont know how it will hold up through that . i do know that he was in his convertable car seat from age 9 monthes to age 21/4 and the only time i had to wash it was once and that was when he was done with it and we passed it on to our daughter . overall this is a great carseat . it is priced resonably , it fits snug to my van seat , and is comfortable for my son .
 I purchased the `` Greystone Generations Harness Booster Seat '' and returned it within 3 weeks . I loved the fact that my son would have armrests since most carseats seem so uncomfortable because there is nothing there . The right armrest broke off after just a few weeks of minor use . I returned it and purchased the `` Traditions Booster Car Seat '' -- I love the fact that the straps are adjustable from the front -LRB- it hurts to have to squeeze your hand through to the back - especially when you do n't want to have to unbuckle everything , safety harnesses and whatnot -RRB- . Too , the armrests are very easily attached but very sturdy and you can take them off whenever you want . It is a great feature . It seems that with the `` Generations '' seat instead of being comfortable , my son seemed more uncomfortable with the arm rests . The `` Traditions '' is a good buy and a wonderful car seat . No kid loves a car seat , but at least this one keeps him comfortable .
 I bought this car seat for my 2 year old son and I am very happy with it . The biggest selling point for me was that the seat belt slots for the booster seat conversion are a part of the car seat `` frame '' and not part of the fabric seat `` cover '' , like on other models . The seat is also nicely padded even without the lumbar padding which by the way , I have taken out ... it had a tendency to slip out of place so I just simply removed it . My son is very comfortable in his new seat with his very own cup holder and a `` goodie '' bag which are both very easy for him to reach . One slight disagreement with the owners manual , the shoulder straps do n't just `` slip out '' the back to adjust . My husband had to get a screwdriver to pop them out . -LRB- at least we know they are secure -RRB- Overall , a very good car seat for under $ 100 that by luck , matches my car interior !!
 I have two toddlers and have always used Britax seats . My children have outgrown them and it was time to go to a booster . After shopping around , we chose this seat and I am very happy with it . We also looked at the Britax Husky , but thought the kids would not want to be in a `` baby seat '' until they are seven years old -LRB- state law here requires children in boosters until age 7 -RRB- . The seat was challenging to tighten down during installation . However , I purchased a no slip mat to put underneath the seat -LRB- $ 10 at Toys R US -RRB- and now the seat does not budge . The cupholders are a bit flimsy , but I like that I can take them off and throw then in the dishwasher.I love the padding on the seat . It is thicker than any of the other seats I looked at . Also , I like the seat belt holder being a part of the seat rather than a part of the cushion.My biggest complaint is the difficulty in buckling the seat after the kids are seated . I have a Jeep Liberty and must reach up over the kids and around the seat in order to get the buckle latched . We also have two seats in a minivan and they are no problem to latch because there is more room to get in and assist them.Overall , I think a very good seat and very economically priced .
 We recently purchased a new 4 door truck -LRB- has a backseat -RRB- for my husband , so it was time to put a carseat in his car for our daughter who is just 1 year old . I looked at lots of booster seat options , transitional seats , and regular car seats , and this one was a good deal and a great seat for many reasons :1 . The padding is soft , and plentiful2 . The price ~ $ 90 is less than buying a forward/rear compatible which can run $ 190 ! 3 . It has a nice , modern look to it , and fits well with new car interiors4 . Extras -LRB- the cup holder and little case -RRB- - we took those off since she does not need that right now .5 . There is an adjustable pillow in the back and nice , foamy armrests!This seat was so popular that I could never find it in stock at the store , so I ordered it online and paid the $ 10 to have it brought to my door . It was well worth it . I highly recommed this seat , no problems , and I think we will be using it for at least a few more years to come !
 1 . Fits well in my car -LRB- 2000 intrepid Rt -RRB- not many do because if the curvy seats . had it installed within 5 minutes . All the other ones took at least 20 and could n't get them tight enough : -LRB- 2 . Find it easier than most models to adjust . Just push the button and pull .3 . My 33 pound 38 inch three year old can buckle himself in . nice when i am trying to get my 5 month old buckled in .4 . Roomy5 . Well padded - pillow6 . like the side bag for treasurers .
 I bought this carseat to fit in the back of my 2001 Sentra -LRB- which is n't too roomy in the back -RRB- . It fits wonderfully . I felt that this was a pretty good car seat . However it has its pro 's and con 's . Pro 's
 This is a great seat even though there have been some negative reviews ... the metal pieces at the back although stiff pop out quite well for adjusting with a kitchen table knife and I would rather have them stiff than pop out on their own . The padding is great , my daughter loves it . She thinks she is a princess in this seat . I do n't use the drink holder as we have built in ones in the car . The arm rests must be firmly popped in there holes and they WILL stay put . We are just about to purchase another one so we have a matching car seat for our second daughter when she gets big enough !
 I use this product in place of the traditional high chair that takes up a lot of room in the kitchen.We have one for little man -LRB- who 's almost two and a half -RRB- and just bought another one for little lady -LRB- who 's almost 8 months old -RRB- . I 've never taken it anywhere , but it folds up pretty easily .
 Awesome ... Highchair / booster . We use them daily as highchairs because of the ease of cleaning and they take up less room . They are Portable to take on vacations or holiday dinners @ the relatives . I now own 2 of these , -LRB- have a 2 year old & 31/2 year old using them -RRB- I bought the first one about 3 years ago , second one last year to replace a different/newer model that turned out to be junk . Great from about 6 months and my 31/2 year old -LRB- 32 lbs . -RRB- has plenty of room . Adjustable tray 3 settings , also can be used as a booster , so they feel like part of the family up to the table . Better than the newer swing tray models by far .
 We bought this booster seat when our daughter was about 20 months and did n't want to be in her high chair anymore . It was easy to attach to our dining room chair and is secure and safe for her to use . The tray is a little tricky but once you get it in place it works great . It also works well if you just leave the tray off and push the chair up to the table . I think it is a good value for the price .
 I bought this seat for my daughter when she was 18 months old . I was tired of all the space that her highchair took up , and we felt that it was time she got used to sitting at the table like a big girl . I am very pleased with this seat , although I will admit that I do n't use the straps or the tray . Since the whole point of our purchasing it was for her to eat from the table , I 've never used the tray with it . -LRB- And Little Miss Independent loves being able to get in and out of it herself . -RRB- This seat is easy to clean and stays put on the chair nicely . Also , I liked the fact that it is made in somewhat `` neutral '' colors , rather than the supremely childish ones that some other seats are made with . -LRB- Yes , it 's for a child . But does my dining room have to scream , `` THE CHILD EATS HERE !! '' every day ? -RRB- Overall , I felt it was a good buy .
 This booster is so much easier to clean than our old baby trend high chair . It is easy and quick to install , and really easy to get the baby in and out of . We have owned it for about 3 weeks and my 9 month old feels like a big girl in it . The only down side to it is the easy clean white tray is really fun -LRB- and easy -RRB- for babies to pull off of the blue base tray . That can sometimes make a bit of a mess . It is easily fixable though by removing the tray before hand .
 I agree that the tray took some practice , but now that we 've mastered it , we absolutely love it . I can now snap the tray on and off accurately in about a second , but it did take some practice . Once you realize you 're not going to break anything by just pressing really firmly , you get used to it and can easily line it up for the right setting , and you can have every confidence that it 's secure . We love the portability and we take it everywhere ; once my daughter outgrew her regular high chair , we also started using this as our everyday booster seat at the table at home . I 'm about to buy a second one for our 6-month old ! It 's probably the best $ 20 I 've spent on a kid item .
 I was looking for something to take to family get-togethers and did n't want to haul my full-size high chair to and fro . I looked into boosters and was not wanting to spend too much but wanted something I felt was safe to put our daughter in . This was n't the cheapest nor was it the most expensive . But , we have been very satisfied with it . The thing I really love is that the tray stays on . Yes , a little tight to snap on but we do n't want our daughter to be able to pop it off . She actually loves to sit in it . It 's a breeze to clean up and can be folded up and taken anywhere . We are doing a road trip to see family in May and this will definately be taken along . Oh yes ! The other great thing is when you no longer need the straps and tray you still have a booster for those youngsters that are still in need of a regular booster .
 I love Evenflo infant carriers , car seats and strollers so I may be a little bias . The bar that is used in securing the infant carrier to this stroller feels very stable . I love that the tray on the front of the stroller can swing open . The basket underneath provides a lot of storage . This stroller is perfect for trips to the mall . The only thing that I do not like about this stroller is that the canopy over the lower level seat is not high enough for above average height children . My son 's head hits right at the bar and looks uncomfortable . Otherwise this stroller is excellent . I 've had no problems with the steering , buckles , wheels , etc. .
 As a mother of 6 children I have gone through a few strollers and I can say that this one is my favorite by far , esp For the money . Most double strollers are so terribly hard to steer -LRB- esp . with the older child in front -RRB- but this one is fairly easy to turn and rides smooth ; almost like my single stroller . The best feature is the parent tray which has two cup holder and two places for juice boxes ; a wet wipe holder and a place for all of moms essentials -LRB- keys , money , phone -RRB- . The storage basket is very roomy and fits all of our things and then some.Now I will say it was hard for me to get to the storage basket with the rear seat reclined . Also it is awkward to fold and unfold at first . -LRB- But I quickly got the hang of it ; one handed . -RRB- other than that I really like this stroller and can say it is one purchase I do n't regret .
 Very sturdy , good quality . This is a great stroller , I love it ! It has a wonderful parent tray that holds 2 cups and two other small areas to put other things -LRB- keys , phones , ect -RRB- . It also has wet wipe dispenser with a storage compartment under it !!! You can use your car seat if you have a small baby , and there is plenty of room in the basket to carry a lot of stuff ! This stroller is very easy to push and steer , but it is kinda heavy and large when folded . you can put an older toddler in the front seat -LRB- I have a 2 yr old -RRB- but you probably wont be able to use the visor because it is designed for a smaller child i suppose . This stroller is well worth the money , and is probably the cheapest one you 'll find -LRB- I 've searched a lot ! :-RRB- .
 This is the cheapest double stroller on the market -LRB- that I was able to find -RRB- . If you want all the bells and whistles , then be prepared to shell out the extra cash and get something else . If you want something that is easy to maneuver , easy to get in and out of the car and easy to fold - with a price tag that 's easy on the wallet - then this is perfect ! I have a 2 year old and a 4 month old and we 've used it for 4 months now . I noticed some reviewers had a problem with having enough room in the front . I had the same concern but realized that the back seat folds flat so the infant car seat can fit in and the front seat can recline . Great buy !!
 I run a small Child Care Service out of my home and currently have two little ones that this product really comes in handy for those nice days when I can take them out for long walks . It handles pretty good . The only exceptions I have is that my legs are short and if I need to place my foot on that back bottom bar I really have to reach so that I can lift the front end to get up over a curb , which does n't happen often , but it is awkward , and then the back seat does n't have a tray like the front seat . Otherwise the item is great and a great price too . I suppose if I were to contact the company they probably have trays that can be purchased for attachment to that back seat .
 We have always had excellent luck with evenflo products . . they are the only ones we will ever buy when it comes to our children . Our 3yr old son is a handful so when our older daughter started the 1st grade this year and she had to walk to school I knew we would have to get a double stroller to use since we welcomed our second daughter into the world in July . It 's easy to open and I love the bigger storage basket underneath . I always read reviews before I buy a product online and even though some of the reviews for this one are n't favorable I deceided to try it anyway since we have never had any problems with evenflo . My son loves it too since he gets to ride in the front seat !! He thinks he 's driving a car ! I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Great diaper pouch to throw in any other bag . The magnetic wipes pocket on the outside is fantastic . Nothing to remove or open or search for , no velcro ! Wipes are easy to reach one handed and do not dry out . Mine regularly holds 6 diapers , 2 wash cloths , diaper cream , lotion , disposable diaper bags , wipes and small change pad . Also has convenient wrist strap so you can grab it from your main bag for a quick change .
 I do n't know what those folks are crying about . I bought this stroller 5 years ago for my 3rd infant and used it clear until last year at Disney World when he was 4 years old . This has been a solid , sturdy and all-around great stroller used for walking , jogging , rollerblading -LRB- although there is no handbrake -RRB- with my young one -LRB- s -RRB- . I have loaded it down with a ton of gear , bags , kids , everything parents use strollers for.I loved this one because the front swivel wheel allowed me to easily steer with one hand when necessary . The one hand release also made it a breeze for breaking down very quickly -LRB- think airports -RRB- .
 We bought this stroller when I was pregnant with my daughter . We assembled it early and used it on several occasions for my then 5yr old and he fit comfortably . He even fell asleep in it on those occasions . We now use it for my daughter who is 9 months old and although we didnt use it when she was a new born since it didnt fully recline we use it alot and get a lot of compliments on it . My kids refer to it as Daddy 's stroller since the kids love that he can do pop wheelies in it so easily LOL . I highly recommend this stroller . I have 6 strollers and this gets used most frequently . I do agree the footrest is a little akward but we just fastened it down with a twisty tie .
 Given that I got this for $ 60.00 , its a really splendid product . The design and material surpassed our expectations .
 I just got this in and set up in my daughters room and it is fabulous !! The colors are the same as the photo and everything seems to be excellent quality . This is also a very versitile bedding set , so even though there are no coordinating accessories for this pattern you could use any pastel gingham to mix and match your nursery for valences , diaper stackers , etc. .
 I bought this mattress for my new grand daughter . From what I can see she is enjoying her bed . She sleeps well and appears to be a very happy child . I 'm glad I choice this produceLA Baby Sleepy Baby 126 Coil Mattress , White
 Our daughter loves this Frog Prince and his little bug friend . She likes him to be a part of her nap time . A music box within the toy plays `` Row row row your boat '' when you pull the flower behind him . The foot has a sound chip in it which ribbits when pushed . The other foot holds a small mirror in it.It is cuddly and fun .
 My sister bought this bubble bath for me and it is absolutely great ! I love the unique smell and I think I like it more for calming my overtired and cranky self sometimes when I 'm giving my child a bath . I do n't know if it really solves a baby 's temperament but it sure does smell good .
 I love this product !! My son had terrible cradle cap and after switching to this product , it was nearly gone within a week !! We love the fragrance and the fact that it does n't have all that nasty stuff in it that other `` baby '' washes have . We have also gotten the California Baby lotions and sprays - we love them as well !
 I take a bubble bath nightly , and I have tried every kind of bubble bath that I can get my hands on . California Baby 's Overtired & Cranky bubble bath is hands-down the best product of its kind that I 've found!I like California Baby for a number of reasons , including the fact that there is no Sodium Laureth Sulfate or Sodium Lauryl Sulfate in the bubble bath , both of which really dry out my skin . It 's almost impossible to find even a handful of products that do n't use one of those two ingredients , so I was thrilled to discover California Baby ! I also love the light , natural smell -LRB- you do n't feel like you 're bathing in an air freshener -RRB- , the large amount of bubbles -LRB- a lot more than you might expect from a soap-free product -RRB- , and the fact that it 's extremely gentle . Plus , each bottle comes with a bubble wand inside , so you can blow bubbles all over your bathroom!I know that I 'm carrying on a lot , but I really think that anyone who enjoys a nice bath should try California Baby . If you 're like me , you wo n't want to use anything else .
 This bib has held up fine for my daughter so far . And it IS cute , is n't it ? I will amend this review if the bib falls apart after more use , but so far , it is doing its job wonderfully ! `` All we are saaaayyying is give peas a chaaaaance ! ''
 I received some of these bibs as a baby gift and fell in love . They are perfect for on the go bc you can just wipe them with a baby wipe and reuse them . I bought several of them bc I love them that much . My regular bibs were getting stains from the food , not convenient for taking to park , restaurants , etc. . . and required so much laundry . Plus I love how cute these are
 I love giving this as a gift . Everyone that I have gotten it for has gotten a kick out of it .
 Great cushion for young toddlers just beginning to walk that will grow with them as a early ed learning aid . If your toddler still eats everything in site I would recommend waiting until the eating stage passes .
 I bought this foam mat for my 7 month old daughter who is crawling , and currently learning how to walk . So far , everything has deemed positive for the foam mats . They protect my daughter from the hardwood floor . When she is older , she can learn the alphabet with pictures .
 This toy is a great learning tool . I t teaches the alphabet to older children but teaches the younger ones how to put puzzle pieces together .
 We bought the foam mat squares to provide a softer and warmer spot for our 18 month old daughter to play after we had tile installed . We love all the different animals and play naming games with them . She pulls on them and has not been able to tear them . The pieces do fall out if you try to move the squares -LRB- and each animal is made up of several different pieces -RRB- , which can be a pain . Fortunately , our daughter has n't show much interest in moving them . It seems like most of the pieces are big enough not to cause too much of a choking hazard until a child were to bite off a piece of foam , but there are smaller pieces . I 'm glad we bought it and think it will provide more entertainment as she ages .
 My 10 month old enjoys playing on and falling on this mat , especially as he learns to walk . He seems to have fun taking apart the `` puzzle '' pieces too.They are easy for him to hold . The colorful mat also brightens up our playroom . We are glad we made this purchase !
 We purchased this mat for the playroom . When the product arrived we were excited to see that it looks great , but did n't realize that it is a choking hazard for children under 3 years of age . Our twins are due in January , and so we wo n't be able to use this mat for awhile ... We like it so much we 're planning to save it for later , but wish that there had been a 3 + note in the description of the product !
 I am absolutely and completely satisfied with this product . It is well made and easy to use . It took me a few times to get used to puting it on correctly , I always seemed to be doing it backwards but that was a very easy fix . My baby of 2 mos fits right in the pocket and gets comfy . This is a great way to get them to sleep if they are fussy . She even likes it when I sit her up and have her cradled in my arm -LRB- like she is sitting on my hip exept I still have to support her head and her legs are inside the sling -RRB- so she can see everything . It adjusts easily and the winter jasmine pattern on the fabric is very pretty and goes well with most ony color . I got my sling very quickly too .
 I love this item . Took a little to get to understand how to use it best . Son is three weeks old and having some colic . He wants held all the time and this is great.My back and arms are greatful . Shoulder padding is perfect . This could not have come fast enough . It is easy to adjust . I breastfeed him in the sling and it worked well too . A +
 my baby boy is 7 mos old and we use this when we 're out at the grocery store . he 's usually on my hip or we do the front carry . although he feels pretty secure , i still feel the need to cradle his behind with my arm . he seems to like this sling . great for his age and weight -LRB- 20 lbs -RRB- . i 'll be traveling with him , which is why i chose to purchase this sling . the moby , wrapsody , and infantino carries we have are just too cumbersome . the lite-on-shoulder is perfect for travel i think.if i had known there were other designs , i probably would 've chosen something with less print though .
 I purchased this baby sling because of its adjustable strap . I put my son in the pouch when he was a week old . We both loved it from the start . He is 13 months old and we still use it regularly . Now , he can ride on my hip and both my hands are free . This is a versatile and comfortable sling for mom and baby . The lightweight material is great for any weather . I highly recommend this sling .
 It took a little bit of practice to get the hang of setting my son in his sling , but once he is in there its great !! I wear it out when I go shopping and have even been able to nurse him while shopping without anyone being able to tell ! If its on my shoulder right it really is lite . . again it just took a bit of patience and practice . I would recommend this to any new mommy who wants to have her baby close or who has a needy baby who just wants to be held . It really allows a lot of freedom . I even use it when sitting down to keep my hands free . Its been the best thing for my son and I !
 I am tremendously grateful with this sling , it 's easy to use , it is not expensive , it is comfortable and my baby love it . Really the best by far .
 When reviewing slings , I balked at the idea of paying sixty dollars for a name brand scrap of fabric , so I went with this less expensive version.Pros : * I LOVE the privacy it offers as a nursing mom . * Went to the zoo in Phoenix , AZ and was the only mom who could shield her baby from the dusty wind that prevailed that day . * Adjustable strap for all the different shapes I morphed into post-baby . * Great colors . * Padded Shoulder is nice now that my baby is 17 + pounds . * SO easy to pack on any trip and keep in the car for those unexpected errands.Cons : * Now that my baby is bigger , he needs support from one hand while in the sling . * Hard to adjust now that baby is bigger . * Can only be worn one way with the pad located where it is.Overall , I really liked this product , but I will say that it is much better suited to a younger or smaller infant . It is lightweight , breathable , adjustable and has a padded shoulder , so if you are debating getting this over any other more expensive or trendy wraps , GET IT !
 Weve tried the Bj&ouml;rn -LRB- hurts -RRB- , the wraps -LRB- too complicated -RRB- , and the Boba carrier -LRB- too many straps -RRB- . I wanted something comfortable I could just slip on and go . Enter the ring sling.I 'm really starting to enjoy this sling . My first couple of attempts were an exercise in frustration -- goo was screaming , I was aggravated , and threw the thing across the room thinking I 'd have to send it back . After watching a few YouTube videos , though -LRB- do n't bother with the silly little brochure the sling comes with , it 's practically unreadable -RRB- , I felt more confident , and now we look forward to our evening walks around the neighborhood . Everyone who sees it compliments us on it . I picked out the handle at the end of the tail and hemmed a straight edge so I could use the tail to cover up , and aside from being more functional . I think it 's prettier that way . The pictures do n't make this obvious , but the fabric is one-sided ; this is a single-layer sling . That 's okay for us because it 's cooler , but it 's definitely not reversible , if that matters to you . The rings feel plenty sturdy to me -- no reservations there . I dinged this sling a star for the crappy instructions , the `` handle , '' which made the tail fabric lay all weird and was n't functional -LRB- most of the time you 're going to pull the rails separately , anyway -RRB- , and the overall homemade-ness of the product . But it 's still a great sling at a great price . If you 're interested in trying a sling and do n't want to spend upwards of $ 55 for one , give this one a go .
 My baby LOVES this sling . He 's 12 months old now and he 's loved it the whole 5 months I 've had it . He gets all excited when he sees me get this sling out ! He feels very comfortable in it and he likes to put both arms down into the sling and settle in , snuggling in close to me with a big grin when I get him into the sling . Today I even got it out and used it to get him to fall asleep when nothing else would work . He sits on my hip in the sling , and he can lay his head on my chest -LRB- breast -RRB- when he 's sleepy . He 's more comfortable in the sling than just in my arms!This sling is very easy and quick to use . I carry it in my diaper bag everywhere I go -- something I could n't do with my other types of baby carriers . It 's very pretty , and the cotton it 's made of is cool enough for warm climates . The rails are padded just the right amount so that it 's comfortable on the shoulder and baby 's legs , but still goes through the rings pretty easily . The shoulder padding is good and works ! I recommend adjusting this sling so that the rings end up kind of high , about armpit level , and getting baby snug and close for the most comfort on the shoulder . This sling is comfortable to wear and I can throw it on it a couple of minutes.I got the fern batik pattern , and I could n't tell from the picture what it was going to look like , really . It 's a print on light cotton fabric , and it 's not shimmery or shiny . It 's really pretty and it looks very fashionable!A friend recommended this sling to me and I would recommend it to all my friends too . It cost me about half the price of most of the slings out there , even here online .
 I was so pleased when I received this in the mail . It is really attractive and easy to use . My 6 week old son likes it and it is easy to breastfeed in it . I bought a Moby wrap and it was too much of a pain to wear for any short period of time . I will be buying another Lite on Shoulder sling soon so that I have an extra !
 I purchased this ring sling for my 5 and a half months old son before going to Florida for a week . I 'm breastfeeding and I thought it would be great for feeding him anywhere when needed , but I guess he was not very comfortable , he 's pretty tall for his age and maybe I should have bought it when he was a newborn . It takes a while to adjust but once you 're comfortable enough , it 's really nice . I also have a baby front carrier , baby bjorn , but I like the sling better , he 's really close to me , the fabric is nice and is not too warm especially for Florida . We did n't use a stroller for a week , I was using the sling and he was falling asleep in it , I breastfed him on the plane . I have one regret it 's for the length of the tail , not long enough for privacy . I washed it after our trip in a laundry bag to protect from the ring , came out great , ironed it and it 's ready to use . I 'll recommend it to every new mom , but my advice is to not wait too long before getting one , the sooner the better so you and baby can get used to it .
 I know a couple of moms who use this baby sling and they seem to like it a lot ! They say it works well , especially in cold weather , keeping the baby warm and content .
 I have seen lots of slings for an outrageous amount of money ... this sling is wonderful and affordable ! I have gotten many compliments on the cute print , the shoulder padding makes it comfortable to wear . The &#34; tail &#34; is sown together at the end which makes it easier to put through the rings . I would absolutely recommend this sling . Especially if you 're on a budget and do n't want to &#34; waste &#34; a lot of money on a ring sling just to find out you do n't really like it .
 I 've tried a few carriers and my 2 month old would just get so frustrated and cry the whole time and I could never figure out what was wrong or how to make her more comfortable . This one won her over . Not only is it comfortable for her but it is for me as well . There 's plenty of padding in the shoulder for me and in the edges for her . I tested it out with her at home and we walked around for 30 min with NO TEARS ! I 'll be keeping this one for quite some time , I 'm sure .
 I love the material and the colors ! I ca n't compare it with other ring slings , since this is my first one , but I really like this one . I ordered the Sailing print , which is an open tail . The open tail works great for breastfeeding or shielding baby from the sun . My son is now 13 months and around 20 pounds , and his favorite position is the hip position . I use this sling to go to post office or doctors , when I need my hands free . I like the fact that it has padded shoulder area and one side where baby sits . It can be adjusted , so my husband can wear it too . It washes just fine on a cold cycle . The rings look very sturdy and safe .
 It 's reasonably priced and very useful . My baby who needs to be carried constantly can fall asleep easily in this sling , and it made feeding and nursing very easy . I like the Chateau print design that I picked as well . The only thing is that it still put some pressure on my spine/back , but maybe because I have existing back pain from carrying my baby too much . I am not able to use it for too long . I also bought a Beco Gemini front and back carrier for outdoor or long-time use . The Beco is more comfortable for longer usage -LRB- truly hands free -RRB- , but the Lite-on-Shoulder sling provides an easier way to nurse and bottle feeding .
 I got this for my grandson because the arms are just not what they used to be . I can carry him for quite a while and I do n't have to worry that my arms will give out . He enjoys being with me while I do things around the house . I had one with his sister and they are just so handy . With both of them , when they saw me coming towards them with it , their little faces would light up because they knew they were be close to Granny !
 I was really interested in `` baby-wearing '' but did n't want to spend $ 70 on a sling . I ordered this because the price was attractive and the reviews of the other `` Lite-on-Shoulder '' slings got good reviews . This is a very well-made product and it is also very pretty . It adjusts and works very well . It is taking me some time getting used to positioning my little one in the sling but went to the website and there are many videos that demonstrate how to do it . I did not find the pamphlet that they sent with the sling to be very helpful . The pictures were very poor quality and I am definitely a `` visual learner '' . So if you are anything like me I suggest watching the videos . Overall , a very good product for the price !
 Absolutely awesome product . A real life saver . I would be lost without it . I use it constantly . It makes everyday tasks easier and still allows my little man to see the world .
 I love this product dont know what i would do with out it ! it arrived quickly and was well worth the money !
 Best investment for a new mom & dad - this sling was made very well - thick material & strongly constructed . My husband & i have both carried our daughter in it - I would put my daughter in it when I did my grocery shopping - sooo . Much better than lugging a heavy infant car seat ! My daughter would fall right to sleep when I would put her in this sling - we also used for several months . -LRB- one month - eight months old -RRB- . Worth the money .
 I started using this sling when my newborn was 6 weeks old . She 's about 10 weeks old now . I use the sling tummy-to-tummy when I walk around the house or when I walk outside and she falls asleep in it . It 's very comfortable for my shoulders and for her little legs b/c of the lightly padded rails . I 'm not very tall -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' , 125 lbs -RRB- so when I adjust the sling to fit me , the tail end of the sling hangs to an awkwardly low length . I just fold the tail in half and tuck the end back into the buckle/rings . I have n't used the sling in other positions , so I ca n't comment on that . I live in the southeastern part of Texas and it gets too hot to use it outdoors all the time in the summer , but I 'm excited to use it when she can hold her neck up on her own and when it gets cooler . I do n't like the idea of having to tote a car seat carrier or stroller everywhere I go . I also bought one of those Baby Bjorn carriers that strap on like a backpack , but it was definitely way too hot for 7-9 months out of the year for Texas . And it looked so bulky on my husband -LRB- 6 ' , 180 lbs -RRB- .
 I have two of these and use it almost daily for the last 8 months . LOVE LOVE LOVE it . My son has been in it since 3 months laying down inside being able to nurse and sleep . I was able to get it off easily when he fell asleep to lay him down . Hes a big baby and it has been easy to adjust and get him in and out without fuss . I went for a walk in the woods with him and my 2yr old girl and she got tired . I held him and put her in sling draped on my back . It was so fun and awesome that I could do that and walked half a mile or so with ease !!! This is great . I owned the sleepy wrap and my daughter love it but once asleep I could not get her out or myself for that matter . This is awesome ! I get alot of compliments and the kids love the crazy print !!!
 I really like the way this sling fits , very comfortable . It is hard to adjust or tighten when baby is in the sling , but this is the only drawback I have found . Worth every penny .
 I love this sling . Comfortable , and I love that it 's adjustable . Easy to use and put baby in and out . Comfy on my shoulder , too . I use a different carrier for long periods , but I like this one a lot for quick trips and for around the house . Super cute print , too .
 I love this sling . It is lightweight , not hot and sweaty and holds the baby in safely without adding pressure on my shoulder and back . My daughter is 4 months old and has grown out of her other sling so we bought this one . We love it ! : -RRB-
 This product is so much easier to use than the `` typical '' baby carrier . I love this product and it helps my little one to fall asleep as I walk the church halls with him . I highly recommend it .
 I had another sling with my son and decided to try this one with my daughter . I was amazed at how light this one is compared to my old sling - it does n't hurt my shoulder or back at all . I do like the light padding of the pouch . Unlike the other reviewer , I have no problem tightening it as much as I need - I just pull the padded part through the ring and it allows me to tighten as much as I like . My daughter loves to sit in the sling and it allows me to get things done and hold her at the same time.My only gripe , and its a minor one , is that the color is not what I expected . In the pictures it appears to have a purple tint to it , however , the sling is more brown than anything.Overall , a really nice ring sling that I would recommend to anyone .
 Lite On responded quickly and sent my sling quickly . It is a sturdy well sewn sling . The color/print looks even better in person . I need to reread instructions as my baby grows to fully use the sling , but it is a good product .
 I have several baby carriers and I prefer my Mobi wrap and my Infantino Flip because I feel they are more secure , but this one is great for the hip carry . My daughter jerks back a lot though , so I still always have one hand on her at all times . I like it to carry her around when she 's cranky and I do n't need both hands to do something . It 's great for going for a walk , but not when you need both hands for something else like pushing a stroller or carrying groceries . If your baby does n't jerk back , then it 's great !
 Our son seemed to be the kind of baby who would have been feeling snuggly and secure if we had this when he was a newborn . It seemed as though , because he was not used to being carried in it from the first few weeks , he seemed to be a little bit Claustrophobic in it . By the time we got it he had grown so much bigger and my wife was not able to nurse him in it the way it is suggested for newborns . We will definately be keeping it for our next child , though .
 Love this print ! This print is like a moss green , but it 's not too bright . It 's fun , refreshing with the touch of flowers . my son loves to sit on my hip and this sling is perfect for that purpose.I can pop him in and out very quickly . This is one of three I own . I love them all depending on what my mood is or what I 'm wearing .
 My child loves to be in this sling ! The first time I put him in he fell asleep within a minute . What a lifesaver !
 I bought this for my infant but it did not work out well for us -LRB- got the Moby instead -RRB- but once she was 6 months it has been an easy way to have a free hand while doing laundry or walking to the mailbox , without having to `` get all strapped in . '' I think this is a must have for an older baby for quick uses -- where you just need 1 hand . The pattern is fantastic by the way . Very nice .
 It 's at a great price compared to others similar . It 's easy to use once you get the hang of it . I recommend this for older babies that already have head control even though it says you can for infants . The instructions it comes with are crude but it 's a basic design that 's easy to figure out . I started using it when my baby was round 6 months and it was comfy and easy to use for quick trips to the store or a stroll around the park . He started walking at 10 months so I do n't really use it anymore but it 's still in good conditions so I think my new nephew will inherit it ;-RRB- It gets tiresome after more then an hour or two but I imagine most would . The designs are nice and the material is good.I found myself still semi carrying him and him clinging onto me but I did feel he was safe and comfy.All in all , I definitely recommend this product and would buy it again . Babies love being close to their mommies so this encourages bonding : -RRB-
 This is the best baby carrier I have tried and I 've tried a front carrier , moby wrap , and pocket sling . I love the infinite adjustablity of he ring sling . My LO is quite the squirmer , so it is great to get her in place before cinching it down . The padded rails are great , and it really is light on the shoulder ! Carrying my 20lb baby in my arms cramps up my bicep in a pair of minutes , but i barely feel her weight in this . It is a wonderful sling and so affordable ! I would not only recommend this to all of my friends , but it for my friends if I could !
 I bought a `` Lite On Shoulder '' Pouch/Rigs Hybrid Sling , the green batik pattern and loved it ! My friends had expensive $ 100 ring slings and I loved mine so much . It was so comfortable for me and my daughter . I unfortunately misplaced it between babies and had to buy another one . I bought the same kind but in the wine batik pattern . I think I love it even more ! So happy with the product and the price . Also , it arrived within a week . Thank you !!
 I bought this sling quite a while ago for use with my then younger baby . I still use it with my 14-month old . I love it . It 's great for quick trips or traveling . The only thing I would n't recommend it for is for extended use . That 's just a personal preference though . I like my baby 's weight to be spread more evenly over both shoulders -LRB- by using a wrap -RRB- if I 'm going to be carrying her for more than an hour . However , if you like ring slings , or are looking for a good quality and super cute ring sling for your first one , this is a good choice . I 've washed mine many times and there 's not so much as a string coming loose anywhere I can see . The fabric has n't even faded .
 I bought this sling after my second child and I love it . The fabric is beautiful and I always get compliments on it . More importantly it is easy to use and comfortable . I used it most for when my babies were very little , but it 's nice for carrying toddlers on your hip too .
 This thing is GREAT . Better than the Snugli or other items similar to that . In the sling , the baby 's entire body , not just the trunk , is cradled against you , sort of like in the womb . It actually looks uncomfortable for the baby , but mine sleeps quite soundly in it.Not only is it comfortable for both you and baby , there 's enough material to provide a covering for nursing , unlike the snugli types.It also provides mom with hands-free mobility.And it 's SO SO SO much better than lugging around a two-ton car seat ! The baby is quite secure without additional support of any kind . It does take some getting used to . It took a while to figure out the right position for both carrying and nursing . So if you buy one , do n't be discouraged if you ca n't figure it out right away . You 'll love this thing !
 Super convenient for a NYC mom . I live on the 3rd floor and making a quick run to the corner store is so much easier with this sling . Wish they had different color options because my husband wants to use it but does n't . GREAT TO USE ON FLIGHTS !!!!!
 A friend of mine gave me this sling in the pattern `` Fern -LRB- Batik -RRB- '' and I used it right away . My baby loved it . I decided to purchase a second one in `` Indigo '' so that I can accessorize . It is so affordable compared to similar slings , but you are really getting a product of great quality . I feel confident putting my little one in it because the rings hold the fabric in place without slipping . This sling is as beautiful as it is functional . The shoulder padding is also really comfortable . The one drawback is that the instruction booklet is less than clear on how to properly do the cradle hold , and there is n't a decent picture of it , but the sling itself is wonderful . I ended up looking on youtube for videos on how to use a ring sling and never looked back .
 The sling arrived quickly , and I was pleased with the quality of the fabric . The instructions that came with the sling were not great , so I went to You Tube and found many videos about sling wearing . Watching a few videos gave me more confidence in the use of the sling and ensuring the safety and comfort of my baby.We have been using this sling for about two months and baby and I are very pleased . My baby is clingy and likes to be carried , so she really enjoys being in the sling . It makes doing tasks and shopping much easier while she is content and both my hands are free . It is much more comfortable than my Baby Bjorn -LRB- which I still use -RRB- , but it is not as quick to get her into . It does take practice to use the sling , but once I used it a few times I felt much more confident about it and I find I am using it more often because it is comfortable and baby loves being able to look around and also to look at me and cuddle with her head on my shoulder.I would recommend this sling , the price is great and it is just as nice as many of the more expensive slings I looked at in some fancy baby boutiques in my area .
 We were n't expecting too much from this sling &#8211; we ordered it because it was the only one we could get shipped quickly enough ... but despite our low expectations , we continue to be very happy with it . In fact , our daughter likes this sling more than a more expensive one we bought from a seller on Etsy.The padded edges help keep her in the sling securely and the extra length makes it so that anyone in the family can wear it comfortably.The one negative is that the rings seem to be smaller than most of the other slings we 've seen and that seems to cause the weight to not spread as comfortably &#8211; but so far , it 's not a serious issue .
 i love it ! the only thing that prevented me from giving a 5 star rating was that i ordered it in the vintage paisly -LRB- spelled wrong sorry -RRB- and i recieved it in a light blue .
 I love this carrier ! I wish I could find the manufacturer , or find another place to purchase them , because I 'd definitely purchase one for a friend . I like the ease of putting it on -LRB- just two clicks -RRB- and the head support is great . It has backpack-like pockets , too . I have carried my baby and a diaper , map , snacks , wallet and keys around the zoo in this carrier ! It is significantly less expensive than other carriers of this type . I believe the craftsmanship to be very good . The safety latch on the waist belt seems to be very strong .
 I WOULD NOT USE IT FOR NEWBORNS ! I was so afraid to use it with my then newborn-their necks bend forward and it could prohibit breathing . Follow the instructions and wait until they are 4 months or so to really use it confidently.On a positive note - the fabric is gorgeous and the product is so sturdy and well made . I am hoping my son will love it as much as i do so far . If you want more information on the product , check youtube for the videos on how to use it .
 Best sling we bought ! -LRB- and we bought three ! -RRB- I love this pattern , too ! So pretty , but my husband would also wear it ! ; -RRB-
 My niece is going to have her first baby soon and this sling is in our family tradition so I was extremely happy to find it online .
 well made , great quality ! Easy to use also . I would recomend this to anyone who wants something smaller to store than a stroller
 I got my son a daughter in law two of these for their new little one . They are using them and have told me it works great , are easy to use and the baby loves being carried this way . : o -RRB-
 Great sling ! 100 % worth the money . I like the design and versatility of it . My son goes right to sleep in it . i would definitely recommend this product : -RRB-
 I purchased this sling for my then 4 month old son to use when traveling & doing quick errands . Traveling thru the airport & on the plane this sling was a lifesaver ! I was traveling alone & so hauling an infant & carry on bags was a lot easier with him in the sling . And on the plane I kept him snuggled up in the sling & so he was quite cozy & comfortable & he was able to sleep thru the whole flight ! I also like how I can throw the sling in my diaper bag or purse in case I need it & not have to drag the stroller out . I originally had the baby Bjorn which is nice too but it was rather bulky & my chubby little guy grew out of it rather quickly . Definitely happy with my sling !
 We love this product . We use it to carry around our ferret . It works perfect . It 's the perfect size for him to turn around or just lay around enjoying the view .
 This sling is beautiful !!! I have been using slings for the past 15 years with 5 different children and I think they are wonderful . I recently purchased this sling as a gift and the fabric and style are beautiful . I tried it out myself and now I am going to order one !
 I think this is a pretty good sling for the cost . It 's multi-functional and it also comes with a manual that shows you how to best utilize it . I will warn you that it shrunk on me after I washed it , but I 'm 5 ' 3 '' so it actually worked to my benefit , b/c I thought it was too long pre wash .
 I think the sling is even better looking in real life , the colors are beautiful . I got it to use with my son -LRB- 8 weeks , almost 12lbs -RRB- since our front pack is getting difficult to use already and if he falls asleep I ca n't sit down . As I 'm typing this he is almost asleep in the sling ! Success ! I ca n't wait to use it more !
 I bought this wanting an affordable sling that was comfortable . I love being able to wear the baby while getting stuff done around the house . This was the first sling I bought . I know own a few others and even had one special ordered from another co. but this is my go-to sling to wear for long periods around the house because it is the most comfortable and for the price I do n't mind if it gets dirty while I do housework . I love the fact that its slightly padded too . My only complaint is that the color in the picture looks totally different in person . It 's actually a lot more pink . I hate the color but love the design . Also wish the tail was open so I could use it as a cover while nursing but overall I would definitely recommend it .
 We like it . Easy to use . One seam is breaking . Needs stronger stitching . Color is lovely . Baby seem to fall asleep in it easier than in the stroller , but could be due to mother 's warmth .
 This is our first day using the sling on our 1-week baby and it works great . He loves to nurse in it and has been sleeping in it since allowing me to finally use of both of my arms ! Would definitely recommend for anyone who is nursing . I 'm actually giving this product 5 stars but for some reason I 'm having difficulty selecting that last star .
 I purchased this sling to carry my 4 month old granddaughter . She loves to snuggle in and it gives me an extra hand when shopping . It is so easy to use and easily adjustable for any size .
 My daughter 7 months loves snuggling in with mommy . She often naps in it if we are traveling . I like it is light weight and she does n't get too warm . It was purchased for air travel and I was so pleased .
 I have an old back fracture , so when I was going to be switching my 9 month old out of his infant carrier , I needed something to help me carry him if I was going somewhere they did n't have carts . It 's not always practical to use the stroller and he often balks at being unstrapped from one seat and directly strapped into another . This way he can be carried , but it does n't put so much pressure on my back and arms.I agree that it 's hard to adjust the sling once it 's on and the baby is in it , but I just do it before hand . No issues.So glad I got this sling and did n't have to pay an arm and a leg for it . I always keep an arm on him anyway , but it really allows me to be able to carry more than just a diaper bag and my purse while carrying him . Sometimes you need to do that ...
 I love this sling.We use it often . It does take some practice but once you have it down it becomes an essential item to have with you.Before I had to work around the baby 's eating schedule but now I can feed her easily in her sling . she loves being carried in it . I am so glad I got it and definitely suggest other moms to go for it .
 I have n't tried this with my newborn yet , but I used this sling ALL THE TIME with my other baby ! I had my last two babies close together -LRB- 13 months apart -RRB- , and toward the end was stuck with a baby who could n't walk while I was in my very uncomfortable third trimester . This sling was a LIFESAVER . It has enough length/slack that I could put my baby in -LRB- she was about 10 months the first time I used it -RRB- and adjust the sling so that she was not sitting right on my stomach . It 's also VERY easy to get on and off , especially off . Removing a baby sling , whether a baby is in it or not , seems to always be the hard part . This sling comes off easy as a wink , and if you have your baby in it , it 's just as easy . The padded shoulder is also a very nice perk , and it pads nicely without adding a lot of bulk.I am looking forward to using this sling again , and will be getting on the maker 's website soon to see how to carry my newborn in it safely . I 'd absolutely recommend it to a mom needing a sling . I 've tried several different styles and brands , and this is so far my favorite !
 this has been a huge help with my 19 # 6mo old !!! only $ 30 compared to other options > $ 75 and has all the features i wanted
 I am about to be a first-time Nana !! Unfortunately , almost 3 years ago I lost my left arm . I have alot of concerns about how I will comfortably hold and adjust my grandchild , and I 'm sure my daughter & son in law will have reservations . Do current users think this would be secure & helpful for me ? I really want to be able to cuddle the baby safely without the arm fatigue I will surely experience if I do n't use something to assist me . Feedback will be appreciated . Thanks !
 I love this sling when I need a quick and easy option for carry my baby when I 'm out and about . It fits her better now that she 's older -LRB- 4.5 months -RRB- than when she was tiny -LRB- I preferred my moby-style wrap then -RRB- and it 's comfortable for me as well . The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the amount of threads that are left at the end of every row of stitching -- a higher-quality product would have gone back to trim these , but instead there are little 1/8 '' -1 / 4 '' left overs all over it . It does n't detract from the appearance unless you 're up close and picky like me , and it 's not unraveling or affecting the functionality -- but I keep meaning to go back to it and trim all over . Lovely color though , and overall I enjoy this product = -RRB-
 At first , I bought this sling to give it a try , but now , even one year after I got it , I do not leave the house without it . Not only my son LOVES to hang out in it , he also falls asleep cuddling with his mom and I still have two free hands to keep doing what I 'm doing . It is super fresh , safe , easy to use , comfortable AND PRETTY ! People stop me to ask me where I got it . I am really happy with this purchase because besides all I said before , the quality is amazing .
 I wish I had this before my daughter was born . I used a snugli front carrier until she was about six months old , then she got too heavy for it and the straps hurt me too much to use it anymore . This is so much more comfortable , once you get the hang of it , which really does n't take long . Plus , there 's no complicated straps to adjust , and it 's easy to tighten/loosen it with the baby inside . I was ready to send it back after the first time I wore it , but I sent them an email and they gave me some pointers on how to adjust it comfortably , and now we use it everyday . Now , at ten months , I make the loop very small and put it under her arms so she can `` walk '' all by herself -LRB- much easier on your back since you do n't have to bend over . The fabric is really beautiful and the quality is great -LRB- I 've washed it twice -RRB- . I get compliments whenever I wear it . Like I said , I wish I had this sling from the beginning beacause there are so many different ways to carry the baby in it , it really does grow with your child . I would really reccomend this to anyone expecting , it does n't take much practice to wear it comfortably , but it does take some patience . Read the instructions on their website before you give up ! It 's worth it ! P.S. I 'm not particulary thin or short , but I still had to weave the padded part of the straps through the loop to make it snug enough , so this is plenty big for a larger-built person .
 This carrier is wonderful ! I had a BabyBjorn before but that gave me back pain after 4 months . Lite-on-Shoulder came to my rescue . Although it has a learning curve in the beginning I feel my baby is completely secure in it . I started using it when my baby was about 4 months old and it never fails that she falls asleep in it . She is now 22 lbs and still loves the snuggle comfort of it . it allows me to adjust the height precisly that I can let her straddle on my hip to even part of her weight onto my hip and alleviate the shoulder load . The pouch shape design add double security to it .
 I was drawn in by the affordable price of $ 29 by the original manufacturer seller here on this site , but fell in love with the ease of use , quality , and gorgeous beauty of the fashionable fabric of this product . This a good ring sling for a beginning baby wearer ! It is a hybrid sling with both some of the easier pouch sling qualities , but the adjustability of a ring sling . The partially closed tail makes it that you ca n't get the fabric twisted and tangled and makes it easy to thread . The sling edges is padded so the baby does n't get red marks on his legs or head like the non-padded slings , but the padding is very light compared to other padded edged slings which normally are overwhelmingly thick and make you hot . The light padding actually goes through the rings unlike the padding of other padded slings which normally do n't , making this sling as adjustable to as tightly small as you want to make it . Besides the light padding not being hot , the fabric was breathable for both the baby and me . Very important when you live in year long hot Florida like me .
 I use this sling every chance I get . Could n't use the front baby carriers because they hurt my back . This lets me sit my daughter on my hip and feels so comfortable . High quality , sturdy material . A great buy !
 I use this sling everyday . I began using it when my son was about 3 weeks old and he his currently 7 weeks old . It is perfect for nursing him around the house and letting him fall asleep in the sling . He loves being near me in the sling and it makes my life so much easier . Breastfeeding in the sling allows me to do things around the house at the same time.The fabric allows me to easily position him into the sling without it catching on his clothes . Some other fabrics on slings will `` grab '' the clothing and make it difficult to position the baby . The fabric on this sling is ideal . Unfortunately , the tail of the sling tapers to a small 11/2 '' width piece so you ca n't use the tail to drape over the baby or when breastfeeding -LRB- like the Maya wrap offers -RRB- . This is unfortunate because I would like the excess fabric to be somewhat functional . Therefore , I give this item 4 stars instead of 5 . I typically only use this sling at home which is a real shame because the fabric is so beautiful ! The pattern and design of the fabric is truly lovely and unique and I get compliments from others who see it.The padded rails and shoulder are also nice however the padding on the tail makes it difficult to adjust for a tight fit on newborns to carry in the tummy to tummy position . Therefore , I typically only carry in the cradle position with my small baby . I 'm hoping as he grows we will get more use of the sling in different positions.I recommend this sling and am glad that I have it . A great price on this product too .
 My wife and I had our 3rd child 2 months ago -LRB- a baby girl -RRB- . Since my wife has to run around after the older 2 kids -LRB- girls ages 9 and 6 -RRB- , and the baby 's only nutrition is via nursing , my wife wanted something she could use to carry the baby around everywhere and even nurse with while doing all her other tasks.We found this sling on-line , and liked the price , as well as the description of the light fabric -LRB- we live in warm south Florida -RRB- . When it arrived , it took some practice for my wife to figure out how to use it , but she really wanted to make it work , and after a few days on the learning curve , she became good at using it . Now she ca n't live without it.The baby is safe and secure in the sling , and loves sleeping in it -LRB- obviously , you have to use some common sense -RRB- . Also , while using the sling my wife can take care of the other kids easily and do other things -LRB- both hands are generally free -RRB- . Also , the sling is now serving as a substitute for the heavy , bulky plastic baby car-carrier and stroller , all of which are so bulky that they had been making traveling to a store or restaurant difficult . Now , with the sling , our family of 5 can go out to eat and ask for a table for 4 . Very cool . My wife even wore the baby in the sling on a stroll along the beach -LRB- and the baby slept the whole time -RRB- . A stroller would n't have worked on the sand and a car seat carrier would have been too heavy to lug around.I guess at some point the baby will be too big for the sling , but for now it 's perfect . You just need some practice learning to use it . One minor drawback
 Great sling!Very comfortable ! Shoulder pad really helps !! CUTE designs!Fantastic company!Completely adjustable for that perfect fit ! I tried other slings without adjustable rings and they just did n't fit correctly -LRB- I 'm small with a larger bust -RRB- and I wasted a lot of money.Love that the tail of this sling is sewn - you do n't have to deal with all the extra fabric hanging down.I use mine mainly while traveling - works great if you have your baby in your lap for a flight - I have her in the sling and I feel much better knowing she is secured to me ! Sometimes you have to modify it for this purpose-When I 'm seated , I put her in the nursing position on me , in the sling , and the sling is around my waist instead of on one shoulder . Plus it doubles as a light blanket so less to carry on ! I get the most compliments from flight attendants telling me what a great idea the sling is.I do n't leave home without this . It 's small enough to fit in the diaper bag.My daughter loves to be in it , especially the `` kangaroo carry '' .
 I like this sling . I am a big girl -LRB- size 22 -RRB- and it fits me ! I still have to learn how to really use it but I got baby in it and she seems content . The directions are hard to read but I am not doubting I can figure it out .
 We have Bjorn and a Moby wrap , and the Bjorn is great for long days out shopping and hiking , but it is a lot of work putting the baby in it and it does n't really work for nursing . The Moby was really snugly and calmed our sometimes fussy baby down and he would go to sleep in it . But after he was about 12 or 14 lbs , it did n't work very well for nursing and he would sweat in it -LRB- good for winter , but not for spring -RRB- . Also , the Moby is incredibly crazy work to get on and my short stature leaves the fabric dragging on the ground without some extensive effort . So I went looking for something else.I bought this sling when he was probably 6 months old and he is now 11 months old . He loves this sling because he knows it means it is time to eat . This really helped expedite getting ready in the morning . I would just pop him in the sling , and he would start nursing while I brushed my teeth , put in my contacts , washed my pump , or anything else I needed . I have also used it when I have gone out . The padded shoulder makes it very comfortable for me to wear for a while . The light weight fabric is great for my hot-blooded son , and I 've received compliments on the design -- beautiful as a shawl . I have only used it in one position . The instructions were a little difficult to understand , but I figured out to pull the tail through farther on the topside than the bottom worked for how I need to hold him on my hip . I turn it inside out when I switch sides since that is faster than readjusting the tail.I would recommend this to nursing moms anywhere , and the price is much better than other brands I looked at .
 I got this sling thinking I would just use it to carry around one of my twins while I carried the other . It is good for that and to use with other types of carriers at the same time . But the best thing about this sling is how easy it is to breast feed with ! In public people just think she is asleep and at home I can have a free hand ! It 's great !
 I had a hard time figuring it out at first . Then I decided to go online and watch the video on how to use it . It helped alot . I like the sling I just have to get used to it .
 This sling is great . At first I was n't sure about it . When my baby was a newborn I tried to put her in it laying down and she absolutely hated it ! After her neck got stronger I tried it where she is facing me and her legs are dangling out . She loves it ! It puts her right to sleep and gives me two hands to use while at the store . It took a few tries before I could get it right and feel comfortable doing it , but now it is super easy ! Also the material is beautiful and very nice feeling . : -RRB-
 Love this sling ... I even got the one in the picture - green/white . My son loves it , it 's the only one I use ... and I was one of those mom 's that went out and got them all and this is my go to baby carrier . When you do n't need it just stuff it in your bag ... and when you need it it 's right there . easy , cute , and my baby loves it ... enough said .
 This is my 2nd light on shoulder sling , the 1st was a baby shower gift and now I bought this one for the spring/summer months ahead . My daughter loves being carried around in it and I also use it to nurse her while I 'm shopping or trying to eat myself . All you got to do is through a nursing cover on and you have 2 hands again ! I LOVE this sling , and I have had many bad ones I suffered through with my son . Great buy and product !
 I LOVE this sling . I wish I 'd had it earlier on . The fabric is gorgeous ... I get tons of compliments on it . The padding is perfect and it is very easy to use . The instructions are a bit juvenile , but simple to follow . You will not regret this purchase ... a must have for all baby-wearing mamas !!!
 Although a bit tricky to figure out how to wear on oneself -LRB- including adjusting it -RRB- and how to put the baby in it , the LOS Baby Sling is quite effective once you get the hang of using it . More importantly , my newborn baby girl loves it!As a dad , I tend to carry my little girl a lot -LRB- when I get home from work -RRB- and using the sling allows me to do more than just cuddle her ... I use it to carry her as I take my afternoon walks with her - even forgoing the stroller when going for walks -LRB- and mall shopping trips -RRB- . Forget about wearing a weighted vest for a walking workout ! This multipurpose sling does for me more than I thought it would ! Even more , just a few minutes after putting my baby girl in it , she instantly falls asleep - she would even continue to do so -LRB- for at least another hour -RRB- after our one hour walks.Great product !
 This sling is the best ! I have 2 of them and I use both all the time . I have been using it since my son was 3 months old . He is now 6 months old . I can put him in it in multiple positions and breast feed him in it when walking around . I get lots of compliments and people askng me where I got it . If its raining out I put him in the sling and the umbrella keeps us both dry and baby warm . I ca n't say enough good things about this sling .
 This sling is great . It is lightweight and stylish . My baby girl loves to go shopping in the sling.I wish the brochure/directions were more clear . The photos are difficult to make out and I was n't sure how to do some of the sling positions .
 I love this sling . It is not pricy and it is just what you need to carry you infant . My daughter loves it !! She is now 6 months and I carry her in the sling in different positions . I absolutely recommend this product to every mother -LRB- because the design my husband wont wear it :-RRB- -RRB-
 I was looking for a sling for a toddler . My 2 yr old weighs 29 # and does NOT want to be in his stroller anymore ! He wants to walk with me everywhere he can . There are some places where it 's easier for me to just carry him and also to not let him walk . This sling is perfect for that ! It holds his weight and gives me the freedom to go anywhere with him now . The colors are stylish too ! Cute ! I love it !
 I bought this sling after researching TONS of different slings , and it was difficult to decide because there are SO MAY out there available online , but only a handful at stores like Babies R Us & Target.I was and still am incredibly happy with this sling . I have been using it for my son ever since he was about a month old , and I still occasionally use it on him-he 's 2 . It is very lightweight & breathes well on hot days , so you do n't get really sweaty from all the body heat of your little one . I nursed my son in public in this sling , and no one had a clue!It can be used in a number of different positions , from infant lying down to baby sitting up facing forward to toddler on the hip . I ca n't say enough how much I LOVE LOVE LOVE this sling , and I am hard to please . I recommended it to my cousin , who got one & also loves it . I will be buying one for my nephew 's new baby.One note
 I purchased this carrier for my daughter from Amazon . She can handle it by herself . The baby is almost two weeks old and can be carried in it comfortably . It looks like she can continue to grow and fit in it . My daughter can prepare the sling and baby without assistance . She is balanced and the baby is comfortable .
 This works very well , I love the padding on the shoulder - the ` Dusk ' pattern/color is incredibly beautiful , very true to the picture . I looked at many other slings , both more expensive and less , and I 'm happy I chose this one . I used a Moby with my first baby and liked it also , but this one allows me to breastfeed -LRB- even walking around in public , with no one the wiser ! -RRB- . I 've used it for two months and washed it several times , it looks new but better , because the material is softer now.I also have an Ergo , which I adore and have used with my older baby for two years and continue to love . This sling is perfect for the little one until he is old enough for the Ergo .
 I really wish I had bought this sooner ! My baby loves being in it and usually falls asleep right away , I love having my hands free to eat or do chores .
 my Baby girl LOVES this , she falls right to sleep everytime ! ... i use this around the house , and mostly when i go out ... much better than going into stores with a big carseat , i just slide her in before we get out of car . . so much easier ! . . & i have gotten so many compliments on it ! : -RRB-
 I bought this for a gift for my daughter , mailed it off to her she was in love with it , she says it will help greatly with the new baby comming and all ready having a 18 month old to chace after , thanks for the great product it was well put together and looks very comfy for a new born .
 This sling works much better than other styles for my newborn . I did get a sit in style for when she is older but this one is great until she can hold her head up on her own .
 This is a great sling for the price . I actually like the color of it better in person . The pictue makes it look kind of weird . My 5 week old likes being cradled in this . Its also an amazing price compared to other slings and I think this one works just as well . Its worth giving a try b/c the price is right .
 My baby is 6 weeks old and adjusting to this sling . She does not like how it pushes her head to the side , but I am experimenting with different positions . I am not quite at the `` hands Free '' stage yet , as I hold her head up for her . At least I have one hand free now . She also does not like to swaddle her arms , so I have to position her with at least one arm free . They sent me the wrong pattern , but I did not want to delay utilizing the sling . Lite-on-Shoulder was very accomodating to get to an mutually agreeable solution .
 I just got this as a gift . The baby is n't here yet but my teddy bear seemed pretty comfortable in it . The fabric looks nice and it 's fairly smooth and light while still seeming sturdy . It appears to be sewn together well . The padding is light which I 'm glad about . I was wondering if it would be bulky , but I 'm petite and it seems pretty comfortable . I think it will be easy to adjust , but I guess I wo n't know for sure until I put an actual baby in it .
 My wife loves it , but I bought it so I 'm gon na dock a star because it looks uncomfortable for my 3 mo old . Again , wife said it 's great , but she 's not reviewing and I say the baby looks squished .
 Loved the sling . I just followed instructions and viola ! Love the sling and how compact it . I do n't like the pattern too much but everyone else seems to like it :-RRB- but most of all baby likes it
 My first review of this item was not good , however the seller was EXTREMLEY helpfull when told about the problem and fixed the situation . Im more than pleased now . I would order again from this seller because of the GREAT customer service ! thank you lillytiger , great job !
 I do n't have enough good things to say about this sling . My daughter would be considered high-needs , from the moment she was born she refused to be put down . Even if she was asleep she would wake right up and would cry until someone picked her back up . It was getting really difficult to get anything done !! I got this sling when she was about 4 weeks old , she is now almost 4 months and I still consider it one of my very best purchases !!! We use it daily and she just loves being in it . At home I use it so I can get chores done around the house . When we 're out , she hates being in a stroller or carrier , but is happy as a clam if she 's carried around . When running errands I put this on her and she 's content looking around and usually falls asleep shortly after . The instructions did n't really help me much but we just practiced and found a couple holds that are comfortable for both of us . We mainly use it in a similar style to the bjorn or ergo where she 's upright facing me , but the sling supports her bottom and head and still gives her some freedom of movement so she can look around as she 's very inquisitive . Oh and the pattern is gorgeous , I 've had many people stop me and admire it !! I highly recommend this if you 're looking for a ring sling !!!
 This was by far the best thing I purchased for my son . When he was very small I was able to lay him in it while I did house work , which was very important with a baby who WOULD NOT be put down . We could go to the grocery store or out to eat and he would sleep the whole time -LRB- unlike in his car seat -RRB- . Now that he is older he likes to sit in the sling and it is just as handy !
 this carrier is so great - toddler super comfy , even on long walks and hikes - seriously great price - other carriers i looked at cost way more and had worse reviews !
 I had seen one of these baby slings and was excited I could get one on Amazon ! The future Mama loved it and ca n't wait to wear her baby !
 Loved it ! Makes carrying Jr around a lot easier . Do n't need the stroller just use the sling . The material is very nice , feels secure with baby in it . The padded edges are comfortable for him . Wish I had bought one sooner .
 My son just turned 3 and weighs about 30lbs . I also have a 41/2 year old boy that has always been WAY more active and physical than his younger brother . We are a super active family and when we go for walks , older brother can do several miles no problem . My 3yo however , DRAGS his feet and eventually asks to be carried . I wanted a back-pack style carrier for him . We often hike on trails that are not stroller friendly . We are also set to go to Hawaii and will be doing lots of hikes there . We have a framed carrier and I was looking for something that folded flat that will travel well . This fit the bill . Not only is it nice to be frameless for travel , it also has these pros : - Inexpensive !!! Ergo-what ???? $ 120 ??? You 've got to be kidding me ! This honestly should be more expensive for as good as it is . But SOOO glad it was n't ! I will probably not use this for more than a year , so I could n't fathom paying $ 120 for the ergo . I ca n't imagine a product being better than this carrier anyway.-Light-weight and super soft material-Love the pockets for stashing phone/wallet/snacks . The main compartment is zippered , so when child is ready to be let down , items wo n't fall out.-I 'm 5 ' 3 , my husband is 6ft and fits us both comfortably ! - I 've taken my son on walks without my husband or another adult . Easy to put on , unassisted . I simply strap it to my waist , he jumps on my back , and I then put the carrier on over him like a back pack.-My son LOVES it - super comfortable for him . I will be sad when he 's too big for it ; -RRB- Cons : Have n't found any !
 I bought this one because I did n't like carrying my little guy in the Bjorn anymore . He liked facing out in it , but I could n't see his face so had no idea when he was smiling at people , or even if he had spit up or something . I wanted something where we could make eye contact . I looked at maya wraps and other pricier options , but I just could n't see the value there . Also , that fabric is so thick and heavy and I live in Florida , way too hot for that . I get compliments on this , both the design of the sling and the fabric most places I go , and the little munchkin is happy in there for short trips to the store or even just carrying him around the house . I do still always keep one hand on him though , because when he 's decided he 's done being in there , he starts arching his back and that gets a little scary . Overall , a great product at a very fair price .
 Loved the sling ! Bought it when I was taking my 4.5 month old to Disney World . Makes him much lighter to carry and he loves it ! He 's now 10 months old and 20lbs . Have n't used it much lately , but he never minds going in it . It took a while for me to get use to how to use it , but the instructions were good . Like this sling way better than the snuggli front carrier I have that hurts my shoulders .
 I love this wrap it 's super easy to use and much less fabric than the moby wrap . I did n't even have to watch the video to learn how to use it.The baby loves it too , I am still trying to learn how to nurse in it but I will get there . Someone mentioned that fabric is not shiny like it appears in the picture , that is true however the pattern is beautiful !
 I absolutely love this ring sling . I received a Moby Wrap , Mei Tai and ring sling prior to my baby being born . The Mei Tai fabric is a bit rough for a newborn , and there was n't enough `` kangaroo '' support , but it will be perfect & will get tons of use once she has head control @ ~ 3 months . The Moby ... there 's a lot of fabric . A lot . So it 's not ideal for out 'n about for us . This ring sling is perfect . I take it everywhere . I can put her in it from the carseat into the ring sling & we can walk or go to any appointments and I 'm hands free & she 's typically asleep in it . I take it on stroller walks so if I need to breastfeed whilst out on a walk , I use it as a support so I can stand while feeding her . I wear it around the house during her `` colicky '' evening fussiness and it puts her to sleep in seconds.But ... My baby is 5 weeks old and I 've used this daily since she was born . She spends about 1-6hrs in it daily -LRB- intermittently -RRB- and the fabric is starting to tear . Literally rip apart . My newborn at 5 weeks is under 10lbs . I love the design and everything else -LRB- will try to return this and get another DEFINITELY need another one !!! -RRB- but I am sorely shocked the fabric is ripping . I 've never washed it , either . =-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- The actual fabric could have been of a higher quality , however , I emailed the Seller and they offered a free exchange . So their customer service is stellar.Otherwise , if you 're wanting to babywear , get a ring sling for sure ! It 's a super quick way to calm a fussy baby without miles of fabric or having to tie a knot while sitting in a hot car after getting baby out of carseat . I put baby in it & can bring stuff in from the car hands free .
 Pros : Fits easily.Doesn ' t kill your shoulder -LRB- depends on your child I 'm sure -RRB- . We take this on vacation , when we go to the beach or something , and walk around the boardwalk and stuff like that . Everyone comments either on it or how cute our baby is , or a combination of those.Cons : I guess the safety issues are the only thing I can think of to list for a con . You can not buy these type of slings at a box store like Babies `` R '' Us ; I 'm guessing because of people saying that children can suffocate . But we started using this with our child around the age of 8 weeks , and at that point , our baby was big enough that she fit such that it did n't look like a safety hazard for her at all . So I would caution someone to wait at least two months before using an item like this , but otherwise , we 've never thought twice about it , and our child has been fine .
 This is my second baby carrier . The first one was bought by my cousin , ergo baby brand . It 's not only too big , too hot , and also hard to put on . This lighter , second sling is much better to wear for our mild southern weather . Also my baby seems like it better cuz she can stretch out her legs and arms.The drawback is that the fabric is not top notched cotton , it feels coarse on hand . Other than that it 's all good looking , Snapfish and sturdy .
 I have never written a review for a product before , but I just had to come on here and say how much I LOVE MY LITE ON THE SHOULDER SLING !!!!! I 've been baby wearing for 14 years . I love the light padding ! I love the fabric choices ! I love all the attention my beautiful baby gets in her beautiful sling ! And I refer everybody that comments . Oh and I love the price too ! I was just coming on here to buy another one - you know to coordinate with other outfits ! ; -RRB-
 My daughter and I are still learning how to use and like this , and it is not shiny like it looks in the picture . But I think we 'll like it pretty good once we both get more used to it .
 We have other carriers we prefer for longer trips but for those `` quick nip into the shop '' occasions where you do n't really want to carry your 21 lb . six month old but do n't REALLY want to put her into a more complicated carrier for such a quick trip this carrier is perfect . I would not recommend for a baby under 5 or 6 months as it only really holds your baby by the hips.For longer trips I recommend the Beco Butterfly 2 or a long non stretch wrap . For newborns I would recommend a sling type carrier.When I purchased this my daughter was no longer happy to sit quietly in a sling type carrier and had become SO active it really was n't safe . I read what other reviewers said about the neck discomfort and I think that would be a real issue for long trips . I tend to find myself pushing the shoulder strap to the side .
 This hip carrier is exactly what I was looking for -- at 9 mo. my baby boy already weighed 24 lbs . and I could no longer carry him comfortably . This carrier supports my back and shoulders by greatly diminishing the weight and strain of carrying my chunky monkey -- and he seems so-o-o comfortable !
 We tried several infant gas drops for our little one , and these are undoubtedly the BEST . They work instantly , have non-staining formula unlike -LSB- pink -RSB- Mylicon , and have a pleasant taste and aroma unlike -LSB- store -RSB- brand . Our daughter actually preferred the taste of Little Tummys over any other gas relief medicine , and we could swear that these drops work faster than anything . Little Tummys are also the best value - the Mylicon is 1,5 times more expensive .
 These contain the exact same dosage of Simethicone as Mylicon for half the price . The non staining formula is also great-saves some laundry-and who has time for laundry anyway ?
 This is a must have for parents . Whenever my daughter gets painful gas , this works wonders ! Within minutes shes feeling better and she enjoys taking it because of its berry taste . I suggest every parent have a little bottle on hand .
 Work great . To the other poster , I am sorry but your kid probably did n't have gas , perhaps reflux . Yes these will not work for that but great if you ca n't get your kid to burp for whatever reason
 My son changed formulas at about 5 months , and thank goodness we had these !! I do n't know what studies show , but these made a definite difference then , and as he started to try new foods.I have n't tried other drops , but have seen that some are pink , this is a nice milky white color , which not only does n't stain , but in my mind means the other must use some sort of coloring . They smell nice and fruity and my son does n't seem to mind the taste . When our first bottle started to get low , I immediately went out to get more , and noticed how much more expensive some of the other brands were .
 What a life saver these have been for an upset baby with gas in his tummy . I highly recommend them . They are a great berry flavor and are non staining . Even the price is great . A must have for the diaper bag .
 These drops are the greatest thing ! When my baby first started having gas -LRB- when switching from breast to bottle -RRB- we went out and bought the most expensive drops thinking we were doing the right thing . While they did work , my husband soon decided to try little tummies since they were so much cheaper . Not only were they convinent because they were non staining and the other brand was , but they also saved us alot of money ! Not to mention my son LOVES the taste , and does n't mind taking it at all ! Now we have a happier baby and a fuller wallet !
 I purchased this for my best friend who requested for it on her baby registry . She likes it so much after her first child that she did not want to be without it for her second child .
 I thought the monitor worked really well . I picked this one out because I loved the glow light feature . It is so much better to use the low light during nighttime feedings ... but the light bulb in the receiver is not replaceable :-LRB- I have only used it for 6months and it burned out on me already . It goes off after 15 minutes and the directions say it is long lasting . Well , not long enough and I am contacting the comopany for the warranty . hopefully they will fix it .
 This infant insert has been really great . We have used it mainly in our jogging stroller so our little guy could feel snug and so that his head would be supported during the first few months of his life . Good quality , washes well , nice to have the fleecy and cotton side options too . I think it 's a great item to have .
 I first want to agree with other reviewers in saying that the reason that these are said to be unsafe -LRB- padding behind the baby -RRB- is not true , there is no padding behind the baby , just a thin layer of cloth.I have read arguments that you should use the support that comes with the car seat because it has been tested for that car seat , and would like to add my experience as an argument against that . I always felt terrible taking my baby anywhere with the `` support '' that came with her car seat , it never failed that she would end up slumped over . Naturally I worried that this could strain her neck , but I was also concerned for another reason-aren ' t sling carriers deemed unsafe because some infants can smother due to their chin touching their chest?I found myself praying that I would get stopped at a red lights so that I could make sure she was breathing , an would sometimes stop along the road if she had n't made a noise in a long time , maybe i was over reacting a little , but I do n't think I was . I knew that I could n't go on much longer like that so I did some research and found this product . I absolutely LOVE IT , and would not go without it again . I love the fact that I no longer have to worry about her slouching , and it supports her entire body and keeps her perfectly snug . I would absolutely recommend this to anyone .
 I love this snuzzler . The cloth is soft and ` skin ' friendly . It keeps your baby 's head in place .
 I initially purchased this to help support baby in a stroller , but ended up being very thankful to have it for the car seat . We have a Graco Snugride and our 7 pound baby was too skinny for the straps - they simply did n't go tight enough , and she `` swam '' in the seat . The snuzzler added just the right amount of snugness to confidently secure her in the seat for the first couple of months .
 We bought this item for our first baby before she was born , and since she came three weeks early and weighed 5 lbs , 10 oz , we were definitely glad we did ! Most baby car seats and swings are designed for 8-20 lb babies . Very small infants will have no support for their heads and will flail around . This product does a great job in providing extra support and comfort for small infants . For those who claim that is causes a safety issues , I want to point out that the safety buckles in carseats attach as normal , and the parts directly between the baby and the carseat are very thin so as not to cause an issue . The thick parts are padding that surround the baby to provide support and will not compromise safety . Definitely a great product !
 I love my BOB Revolution Stroller but once my son was ready to transition to sitting in the seat instead of using the car seat attachment , I wanted a little more support for him . This has been a great product . It fits very well in the stroller , helps keep him from sliding around in the seat , and keeps his head upright if he falls asleep . I also like that it 's reversible . In the spring we had it on the terry side and now that it 's summer we 've switched it to the smooth cloth side . I 've been incredibly happy with this product . It 's a great addition to a jogging stroller .
 We have been using this in our son 's car seat since he was born . He was a little guy , and the Snuzzler did a great job of snuggling him in the car seat and cradling his head . I tried the head cradle that came with our Graco Safeseat , as well as another head cradle from Toys R'Us , but the Snuzzler could not be beat ! The Snuzzler in no way interferes with the straps due to the design of the Snuzzler -LRB- check out the product photos and you 'll see what I mean -RRB- . My son is now 8 months old and we are still using our Snuzzler . It 's a little worn , and the stuffing in the sides is mashed , like a well used pillow . But I still love it and so does my son . I took it out to wash it a few weeks ago and used the seat without the Snuzzler . My son was definitely not as comfortable ! We will be transitioning to a convertible car seat soon , and I plan to get another Snuzzler to go with that seat .
 We -LRB- myself and the current baby -RRB- love this Snuzzler pad . It is easy to put in place on the stroller . Our baby girl was so lost in her stroller without it because she was so tiny as a newborn . She was crying and crying . But after placing this Snuzzler on the stroller , she appeared much more peaceful and content when we go on strolls -LRB- no crying for the most part now -RRB- . I made the mistake though of washing these pads and not paying attention to the washing instructions . I put in for a cold machine wash on regular cycle instead of the delicate cycle that is on the label . Big mistake . The pads are now kind of warped with the padding bunched up and not evenly spaced . So if you wash the Snuzzler , just follow instructions carefully . Do n't space out and put it in along with the baby 's other regular wash clothes .
 What a great product and it really works !! It does n't take up space behind baby , it just takes up the space between the side of the car seat and the baby . I do n't know the mechanics of it but not once since we put this in the car seat has her head flopped . We took it out to wash it , went out before it dried and it stayed home . As soon as she fell asleep in the car without the Snuzzler - * flop * . Btw it washed beautifully and still looks brand new . The warm fuzzy side seems to keep her very cozy in our cold weather . As far as safety you can tell it does n't add any bulk or come between the baby and the straps.I doubted the Snuzzler 's claims , bought it , and LOVE it . If I have more kids I 'll consider it a necessity and if they could talk they 'd probably say the same .
 This product really works ! It cradles the small-framed child very effectively . We got a nod of approval an positive feedback from the Pediatric Surgeon as well .
 This has become my favorite shower gift ! I loved it for both my boys ! It keeps baby warm and cozy while holding them snuggly in place ! No baby should be without !
 This is SO great ! It is SO much better then those head rests that they give you with the car seat . Those do nothing but make the baby more uncomfortable ! This truly a must have and a great present . I am now pregnant with # 4 and buying another one . I would n't leave the hospital with my baby without one !
 This is a great product . It supports the baby perfectly in their car seat . I also like how you can use it in the stroller also . I definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Excellent product , I only wish I had it for my other two children . I used those curved head holders for years . This is the best . My newborn fits perfectly in it and keeps his head from slouching over.Works nicely in my car seat.Highly recommend . Love it !
 This item is a must have ! We did not have it for our first daughter and I was always feeling so sorry for her when her head would get all crooked . That is why when I saw this product I thought it was a must for our second daughter . It keeps her in all snuggly and her head is never bent at some weird angle . It also works great in our jogging stroller -LRB- BOB revolution -RRB- , making it more comfortable for our infant .
 I wish I would have had this when my child was born ! It does a great job of keeping a newborn from being tossled in the car seat and even a swing . You can use just the head part as they get older . I am definitely glad I purchased this product .
 I am looking so forward to using this when my 2nd daughter is born , I 've seen them everywhere ! It 's so soft , and washed up very nicely .
 I received this as a shower gift and loved it ! The first car seat my daughter rode in was an infant to toddler type . The seat was huge so the snuzzler was wonderful and helped her fit perfectly . Her head was kept snug and in place also . After one month , we switched it to a Graco infant car seat and it still was wonderful to have . It keeps her snug and fitted in the car seat . I would consider it a must have , especially for the infant/toddler style car seats .
 I used this in my BOB jogging stroller from the time my son was about 2 months old . He 's 6 months old now and I still use it . It keeps him snug and in place . No need for the car seat attachment .
 The Snuzzler kept my newborn 's head in place ... no slumping to the side , flopping head , etc. I orginally tried the Eddie Bauer version and was not happy with it ~ my newborn 's head went flopping.Would definitley recommend this to others .
 I LOVE this product for my twin boys . We not only use it in their car seats , but at home , we also use different parts in their bouncers -LRB- headrest -RRB- , a swing my SIL lent us -LRB- the whole thing -RRB- , and our double strollers -LRB- the whole thing -RRB- . It works for almost anything that your baby needs support in and my boys love the feel and comfort of the snuzzler . It 's also easy to wash after all that use and for the price , it 's one of the top three items we 've purchased our babies !!!
 I used this a lot for my son for the first 2-3 months . I have a Snugride 32 and as a 7 lb newborn , the Snuzzler kept him comfortable in his carseat and did not interfere with the harness straps . I used it until he was 2 months old . I also used it in his stroller for a couple of months . Now that he 's 4 months old , I no longer use or need it , but it was well worth the money , and I think this is an absolute necessity for small babies .
 The snuzzler is probably one of the best investments for new parents . I 've used it with both my kids while they were infants and it does a wonderful job of supporting the head/neck and their little bodies . I recommend it to all my friends who are having babies . The velboa is also super soft against their skin , love it !
 I have a Graco Snugride carseat and this support pillow fits perfectly in it ... you have to finagle it into the proper position and get all the straps positioned correctly around it , but once you do , it 's perfect for a newborn ! It cradles them snuggly into the seat and my baby falls asleep right away when she 's put in her seat . The car seat 's fabric is kind of rough and does n't seem very comfortable , but this support makes it nice and soft and comfy for her ! It just perfectly cradles her little head and body . I highly recommend this product !
 We received a Snuzzler as a gift when our first child was born 8 years ago . It made her so comfy-cozy in her car seat that we suspected she looked forward to the next outing . Resting comfortably on the soft Snuzzler , cradled in it 's simple but ingenious design , our precious little one rode in comfort , not only in her car seat , but in her stroller as well.We loved the Snuzzler so much , we used it -LRB- the same one ... they are so durable ! -RRB- for all 3 of our daughters and have purchased one as a gift for each expectant friend since then !
 I like it because my daughter does not sweat as much in it ... and you can turn it around and use the thicker side in winter ...
 This is my # 1 Baby Product , I Absolutely love it ! It is sooo soft and conforms to baby 's delicate shape without completely enveloping them ... not too firm & deep like most others . I bought this when my Daughter was born in april 07 when there was only the navy/ivory and even then I thought it was the best ... now you get to choose from cute colors as well , ca n't be beat . I would never go with out this product , it is great for just about everything for your newborn ; the carseat , swing , as a sleep positioner , in the bouncy seat ... anywhere really !! A + ... will definatly be using agan for more children to come !
 I have told every new mom I know this is a must have . This works so much better than the little head supports that come with the car seats and stroller . Our son was able to be all snuggled in and his head wouldnt flop around . He is still using this at 4mnths old . We tried taking it out for the summer but he just didnt seem as happy and comfy in his carseat .
 I received this as a shower gift and ca n't believe how much I used it . It was perfect in the infant seat , baby swing and bouncer seat . My daughter just looked so content and secure no matter what seat we had her in . She is now 7 mos . so I do n't need it in her seats anymore but I do leave it in our car and put it in the highchair when we go out to eat . My only regret is that I did n't buy more than one .
 Very nice product , but it should n't be used in a carseat . Inserts in infant seats are dangerous . My husband is a certified car seat installer for our town , what he learned would make anyone think twice about this or any other head support product . Anything that does not come with the carseat when purchased is discouraged from use . Inserts are not safety tested - why risk a baby 's well being ? Excellent for stroller use though - my baby seems nice and comfy ! BTW , regarding a previous post , jogging with an infant under 9 months is n't recommended by most pediatricians . A 4 month old does n't have the muscle strength to absorb all those bumps , thumps and sharp movements - with or without head support .
 I wish we had had this for our firstborn , I love this thing ! It gives my little girl just the right support so she can sleep in her carseat without the usual head bobbing . It also makes her carseat fit her better , I can actually get the straps ` tight ' enough for her tiny little body , I totally recommend this !
 Kiddopotamus & Co Snuzzler Complete Head And Body Support For Any Seat - Navy TrimI loved this product so much I had to have two for both of our car seats . We have the Graco Snuggler car seat for our infant and the head roll that came with it did not secure his head , it would fall forward or roll out of the support . Same thing occurred on our Cosco Eddie Bauer seat . Towels did not work well either , but this product supported his head perfectly and he did n't seem so lost in that big seat as a newborn . It also helped keep him warm in the winter . I would highly , highly recommend this as a gift for a new baby . Wish I had it for my older kids , one especially who ended up with torticollis .
 This support can be used in almost anything -LRB- bouncers , swing , and strollers -RRB- . I bought it to use in my Baby Jogger stroller and it works wonderfully . There is actually a Snuzzler designed specifically for Baby Jogger which costs more . This is the same product without the Baby Jogger brand name and costs almost $ 15 less ! I gave only 4 stars because the head support is kind of thick and pushed my baby 's head forward , so I removed it . But she was already 3 months old when I bought it , so it might work well for newborns .
 When we brought our daughter home all we had was one of those tiny little head supports . Well as she was only 6lbs at birth it was n't very good support for her . A freind bought this for her and we love it . I do n't have to worry about her sliding around in her carseat at all . It kinda hugs them . She is snug as a bug in there . I love this and would recommend this to everyone to bring their newborn home in .
 After spending 2 months in the hospital my twins were discharged weighing merely 4 lb . They still could n't fit very well in the car seat even with the car seats detachable head rest so we bought the snuzzler.Not only did they fit securely in the car seat but the added warmth was great for their tiny bodies . They are six months now but still a little wobbley so I put the snuzzler in their stroller instead of the car seat and works wonders.I believe this is a real must for mothers of preemies .
 I bought this on sale for my third baby and I wish it had been around when I had my other two children!My infant weighed a nice amount as a newborn and this car seat insert provided him with a lot of cushioning and support even though he was robust . I recently passed it on to a friend with a very small newborn and she raves about how much support it gives her baby as well.This item is easily adjustable and easily can be taken out of the car seat and transferred to a stroller . When my son did n't need as much support in the car seat I kept it in the stroller . It cradled him nicely and kept him warm on cold days.If your baby is average size for a newborn , you will probably use this item for 2-3months , if he/she is smaller then you will need it longer .
 I tried the snuzzler when I first was dismissed from the hospital with my newborn and it did not work out so well , I think because of the padding it 's necessary to put the baby in the car seat without his coat . The coat and the padding from the snuzzler was too much and the seat belt was very tight . When we traveled a second time I did not put on my newborns overcoat and he fit quite nicely in the snuzzler . It cradles his whole body and he seems very content in it .
 The Snuzzler was perfect for my newborn weighing 7 pounds . I used it in the SnugRide car seat & since they are sort of narrow , we could n't use it for more than about 6 weeks . It would probably be useful for a longer period of time in a different car seat . My baby simply ran out of room to mover arms around as much as she liked . Luckily , I could use it on the bouncy seat . Baby is now 3 months old and it still fits great and keeps her head and body from leaning to the side .
 This item was wonderful for my newborn daughter . Her infant carrier came with a head support but she was too small for it . She would slump to the side or fall forward . The Snuzzler was great and keeps her head centered . However , the back support kind of stuffs her in the carrier but prevents her from slumping over to the side or sinking down .
 I 'm making sure I get all the things I should 've had the first time and did n't . This is one of them . Very nice product . It makes my Evenflo car seat much more comfy .
 When my son was newborn this was a real lifesaver . He was SO little but I was desperate to do the dishes and the laundry . I wanted to put him in his bouncer seat but it was so big . Then we got a Snuzzler . It kept him snuggled up in the bouncy seat and the swing while I did the things I had to get done . We never used it in the carseat but found it priceless at home .
 We have the Aria GM stroller which has been great when we placed our baby daughter in it only when she was in her Peg Perego car seat . Once she outgrew her car seat at 5 months , putting in the stroller has been very uncomfortable for her . Fortunately , the snuzzler has been a lifesaver . Now she 's not only comfortable but is able to enjoy her stroller . The snuzzler has provided much needed support for her back and head . It really saved us from buying a new stroller .
 I registered for this item and was very glad that I did . I use it in my little boy 's stroller and his swing . It 's very cozy and supports his head and body well . Worth every penny !
 The snuzzler is perfect for our 4 month old . We use it in his car seat , his umbrella stroller and his jogging stroller . He was comfortable all the time , and would fuss if we did n't pull it out of the carseat to add to one of the strollers.What 's more , we live in Hawaii , and although it is warm there , the snuzzler kept him comfortable in the car -LRB- aircondition -RRB- or walking around the parks -LRB- 80 + degrees -RRB- . When we did use the jogging stroller without the snuzzler , it was interesting how hot his back got compared with using the snuzzler.Great idea , great product .
 PRO 's 1 . Put in car seat and baby sleeps well .2 . Put in swing and baby sleeps well and does not slip any .3 . Put in stroller baby feels better and does not slip and sleeps wellCON 's dnone what i know of as of now ... Well worth the money b/c i had 4lb babies come home from the NICU and the nurses loved it that i had the babies in these b/c it fit well with them being so little and no movement in the carseat b/c they want the carseat to be right when coming home and the babies sleep so nice in these b/c my other child did not have one of these and her head would fall over and and the babies look so nicer in these things
 We are very satisfied with the Snuzzler product . Our son is 5 days old and we have used the Snuzzler in his carseat and his bouncer . It supports his head beautifully . The fleece side helps keep him warm . We would not know what to do without it . *** Update - A big plus > I have washed it several times in the washing machine then let it hang dry and it still looks great . I am looking forward to using for our next child !
 I do n't know what we would have done without this thing for our baby 's first 3 months ! We have a car seat designed for newborns up to 22 pounds -LRB- Graco Snugride -RRB- , but until our baby got to be about 3-4 months old her little body and head were too small to be well-supported without the Snuzzler in it.Plus , partly because of the Snuzzler , our baby preferred sleeping in her car seat instead of her crib or bassinet for the first 6-8 weeks . -LRB- also partly because she had reflux too , so keeping her body slightly upright helped her feel better -RRB- When she got to be about 3.5 months old , she started to outgrow the side parts , but not the head piece.My baby was born in late Winter , so the extra cushion did n't make her too warm then , but as we got in to the middle of Spring and warmer weather , I did notice that the extra padding , etc. made her a little bit sweaty at times . So this product might not be as good for a baby born in the hottest part of summer ?
 I bought this to use in our outdoor swing , which is a bit big for our 3-month old . The pillow is great support for her head and prevents her from slipping around on the plastic .
 This is great especially for that first trip home from the hospital . The head rest that comes with car seats does n't compare ! This provides full body support and gives baby that secure feeling . As long as you use it properly it is safe to use and allows you to properly secure seat straps .
 My son was a big baby , checking in at over 9 pounds and 22 inches , but the headrests that came with the carseat still did n't offer enough support . We were fortunate to have received this product at our baby shower . He looked so cozy with the fleece side cuddling him and he was very well supported . Now that it 's over 80 degrees , we 've flipped it over to use the cooler fabric and he still loves it . My son is almost 8 weeks old , so we tried taking it out of our carseat and just using the headrest that came with the carseat . But , it still does n't offer enough support . Once he falls asleep , his little head just hung over the side , so we put the snuzzler back in and he 's much happier.It is a bit trickier to get the car seat straps safely adjusted around the support , but after a few days we had the hang of it .
 This was the best gift I received at my baby showers . Now , I give it to everyone I know . I really felt that my son was comfortable and safe in his car seat . I also used it in his stroller and swing .
 We bought the Snuzzler when our daughter was born . She seemed to be so small in her carrier and this seemed to give her the support and the added warmth a winter baby needs ! We loved it and would reccomend it to anyone !
 I use this in the carseat and the bouncy seat . . She even likes to lie on the fleece side on my lap . . wonderful now the straps on the car seat fit perfectly through the snuzzler . . Keeps her head completely secure . . Glad I registered !!!!
 The Snuzzler is the perfect accessory for an infant car seat , especially for newborns and preemies . The Snuzzler is reversable for summer or winter and is adjustable as the baby grows . Whenever the baby outgrows it , the baby is probably ready to sit in the infant seat without extra support . This has worked so much better than rolled up towels which are constantly moving . It is also important to note that the Snuzzler meets all official flammability requirements . Towels do not and are usually cotton which is extremely flamible . - It is now 8 months later . We stopped needing the snuzzler in her infant seat at about 4 months old . We had it stored for awhile and then brought it out again to use in her high chair .
 My son was born a month early , and weighed just over 6 lbs . Without the snuzzler , he would have flopped all over his infant car seat , but this item kept him comfortable and secure.It has virtually no padding behind the baby , just on the sides , and so I do n't understand the safety concerns expressed by some other reviewers . Based upon everything I have read , saftey is an issue when you placed padded items BEHIND an infant in a car seat , not around him.I highly recommend this product .
 we had it installed in the infant car seat the day baby came home from the hospital . the product made him fit the car seat just right . i have to take off 1 star because i also had the same problem with the stuffing bunching up after the first wash . we would highly recommend it to anyone .
 My son loved this ! We inserted it into his carseat because he was so tiny . The snuggler helped to keep him stable while in the carseat . The carseat seemed to be so hard and uncomfortable . The snuggler was so cushy that I used it to help him snuggle into his pack-and-play at bedtime . When he grew out of his infant carseat , we used it as a padding for the front of the grocery cart . I had no problems when washing it in the washing machine or when it was tossed in the dryer . I 've used it for my second child too .
 This works well in the carseat and keeps my baby from slumping in the seat .
 The snuzzler is one of my favorite baby gifts so far ! I ca n't say enough ! It molds perfectly to my newborn 's tiny body w / alot of soft comfort . I do n't need one of the head supports .
 This was one of my favorite items to use in caring for my newborn . I used it in his crib , his carriage , carseat , you name it . It is SO cozy , contoured to his little body , kept him snug and is washable . It 's also reversible for hot or cold weather.Every baby should have one -- I loved it .
 i have a 3 week old and this product is great . It 's cozy for her and i feel confident when she is in the car that her neck wo n't move . i will buy others for my stroller and other items . This will also be a gift I give everyone having a baby !!
 This product works wonders from the infant seat to bouncer to swing . We use it everywhere .
 I enjoyed this for my baby . But they grow out of this rather quickly .
 We got this as a gift for our first baby and loved it ! It keeps the baby straight in the car seat so they do n't slump . I 'm not a fan of wrestling with props and blankets , and no other headrest we tried even worked a little . We loaned ours out after our first baby , did n't get it back , so it was put back on our must-buy list for baby # 2 .
 I do n't know what we 'd do without this snuzzler . For one , our car seat would be too big for our 7-pound-born daughter without it , and for another , she obviously feels very comforted in it because she usually calms down immediately when she 's in it , and most often falls right asleep . We love it , and we 've had several comments from family and friends who see photos of her in it , saying they wish they had one for adults because it seems so cozy !
 We got this `` insert '' at the advice of a nurse in the NICU since our son was born premature and really really tiny . He went from failing his car seat test to passing it just with the addition of this support ! It make take a few tries to get the exact right fit for your baby , but so worth it !
 I purchased this for my baby girl to fit better in the car seat , in the hopes her head would n't fling forward so easily while I was driving and unable to reach her as quickly . This worked very well . Her head did still go forward , but not nearly as far as when I did not use this . I do live in Florida ; however , and even the `` cool '' side made her quite warm during January-February . I feel it was a great purchase and well worth the small price for reassurance regarding the baby 's head during the early weeks .
 Bought this as an insert for my Peg Perego Si . My 7 week old fits in this nicely and it supports her well in the stroller .
 Holds baby 's head up , instead of letting it flop to the side in her carseat . It 's soft padding to surround her , and just a layer of fabric on the back for safety reasons . Fabric is n't `` plasticy '' either , which is nice . This was actually so easy to install and use , we undid the straps to her carseat before we realized we didnt even need to ! I love that we can take it out in literally 5 seconds and use it in her swing too .
 The Kiddopotamus Snuzzler is perfect for newborns . It has total support for the baby 's head and body . It also is nice and thick - not flimsy or thin at all.I bought one for my new granddaughter to keep in my carseat for her.I also sometimes take it out and use it in her swing because of the good support it gives her.The fact that it is reversible is also a plus.One side is fleecy , soft , and helps keep her warm in cool air conditioning , and the other side is soft and silky.A great product for baby !
 Exactly what I wanted and needed for my newborn car seat and baby swing . This ` Snuzzler ' keeps the babies head nice and snug in the pillow .
 This product it 's perfect , that is wath i was looking for , multi-porpouse , Good Quality and very confy . It was deliver on time , i will recomended this seller .
 The color I ordered was n't in stock but the terry and cream was and this is nice also . Thank you .
 My son was born 5 weeks early , therefore , the hospital required a `` car seat test '' before I could take him home -LRB- to make sure he would n't stop breathing in the car seat -RRB- . I placed the Snuzzler in his car seat before the test . An hour later , the respiratory therapist came back and said he passed with flying colors ... especially with the `` little infant support '' I had placed in the car seat . They said it really supported his little body and allowed his head and torso to stay in position exactly as it should . Further , they said it worked a lot better than the head supports that usually come with the car seat because it not only held his head in place , but it kept his torso from leaning to one side or the other.What a great product ! Highly recommended !
 I wish I had bought this much sooner ! I got it when my son was 1 month old and what a difference it made for him in his car seat ! The whole first month of his life I hated seeing my baby slumped into a little ball . I wasted money on other head supports that did n't do nearly as good a job and then I found the Snuzzler Infant Support . It makes him look much more comfortable . And I do n't think it 's unsafe like another reviewer wrote ... the padding is all on the side . There is just a thin bit of material behind baby , but what 's the difference between that and the baby wearing an extra layer -LRB- shirt -RRB- ? I highly recommend this item !
 I have already gotten my money out of this product . I use it in the stroller , car seat , etc. . It is especially good for smaller babies -LRB- mine was a month early -RRB- . And it has a side for warmer weather and a side for colder weather -LRB- just now getting to the point where I can test the cold weather side -RRB- . I would recommend this product if your baby can not support their head and it flops .
 A friend bought this for me after recommending it . I loved it ! I separated it and used the lower portion in the bouncer to support her upper body from slipping to the side . The top portion rested perfectly in her infant car seat and kept her head positioned perfectly ... much better then the headrest in her Graco Snugride . I recommend this to all new moms .
 We love Kiddopotamus products and this one is no exception . We do n't use this anymore because my daughter is a toddler but we used it since the day my daughter was born and we brought her home from the hospital . No slouching , very comfy and cozy - a definite must buy for any baby shower . -LRB- In fact I 've bought quite a few for friends having babies . -RRB- AWESOME . Yeah Kiddopotamus !!
 I love the snuzzler . I put it in her car seat due to her little head always drooping to one side . Works great ! Did not have any trouble with the straps fitting through it . There is no padding in the back of the snuzzler , just the sides which seems to make her feel secure . I would highly recommend this over any other infant support .
 I wanted this item because i thought it would be great for my daughter 's carseat . that was until I went to have her seat put in at a police station . I was then told that it was unsafe to use in the car . I use it in her stroller and love it . I am happy with it , and gabby seems to be snug as a bug in her stroller .
 I hated seeing kids in car seats all slumped over . When I became pregnant , I vowed to keep this from happening to my baby . The Snuzzler was the perfect solution . It keeps my baby warm during the Chicago winters and the reverse side is now keeping her cool for spring . I definetly recomend this over the other supporters they sell .
 The snuzzler does an excellent job keeping baby from slumping in seats and swings . It can be used with just about any kind of buckle/harness including 5 point , 3 point , and typical swing belts.Despite information posted by other reviewers , I would like to note that this item is safe for use in car seats . It is designed so that the padding is to the side of the baby and NOT behind the baby . This is stated on the packaging
 If you look closely at the picture , the back of the Snuzzler - the part that goes behind baby 's back & head is very thin . The sides are really what support the baby , much like rolling up blankets and placing beside baby in the car seat . There are openings for the straps of the safety harness so they are not hindered in any way.I recommend this product 100 % ! It is awesome and has made things so much more comfy for our baby . He 's 3 months now so we use the Snuzzler in his swing but we used it the first two months in his car seat . The support it provided stabilized his little body in a car seat that seemed to swallow him up.I love that it is reversible so you can use the warm fleece side during the winter & the cotton side during the warmer seasons.Trust me you 'll love it ! I 'm so glad someone recommended it to me .
 Of course they have to say not to use things in the car seat , to protect themselves from lawsuits ! However , I never had a problem as this product is so well designed , and does not interfere with the car seat straps . The car seat straps tighten up to the proper level with no problem . It is much better than trying to prop the baby up with blankets or towels -LRB- which seems less safe to me as they can move around and possibly cover baby 's face , this product can not -RRB- ! It makes a convertible car seat so much more usable for newborns , as there is so much extra space around a small baby . I would recommend this in an instant !
 I bought this before my daughter was born and we use it all the time ! When we brought her home from the hosp . the carrier just swallowed her up . When we put the snuzzler in she fit perfectly . It 's great support for infants , better than those head roll things for the neck . Now that she 's bigger we do n't use it in the car seat , but in the excersaucer for extra support and comfort . This is my favorite baby buy for $ 20 bucks !
 WARNING !!! This is a great product , but it has one flaw . The velcro that attaches the head and body pieces came apart and tangled into my daughters ' hair . When I went to remove her from her carseat recently her head was firmly stuck on the velcro . I managed to extricate her without pulling out or cutting her hair , but she was left with a substantial red mark on her neck . I have since sewn the two pieces together to prevent their separation in the future . If your baby has a full head of hair I would advise that you do the same . Otherwise , she is happily well snuzzled in her seat .
 Other reviewers mentioned that this is a must for smaller babies , but our daughter was nine pounds when she was born and she was so snug and comfy in her car seat with the Snuzzler . She is almost 15 pounds now and we are still using it.Snuzzler provides the ultimate support and `` hugs '' the baby in all the right places , so the little one feels secure and comfortable . We also use one in the stroller - for extra padding . I like that it 's adjustable and will grow with the baby , and the design allows it to be used virtually anywhere - in the car seat , stroller , swing , high chair - you name it ! It may even be used as a sleep positioner in the crib to prevent the baby from rolling over.We use our Snuzzler every day and it does n't show any wear at all . It washes well -LRB- does n't shrink , bunch , fade or pill -RRB- and may well serve more than one baby .
 I initially got this product to use in our carseat . Instead , I 've used it in our bouncer seat and swing . I 've used the entire support pillow in the bouncer seat and detached the head support to use in the swing . The head support attaches to the body support with velcro so it 's easy to remove and reattach . The Snuzzler cradles my newborn daughter and makes her bouncer seat so comfortable . She takes all of her daytime naps in this seat ! The infant to toddler rocker reclines so the use of this pillow makes it very comfortable and womb-like . It has 2 sides - blue for warm weather and fleece for cold weather . I 've put a pink blanket over the Snuzzler in her chair to take photos . The Snuzzler keeps her head from falling and I 've made some great pictures . She 's almost 2 months now and I ca n't imagine not having this product ! We love it !
 The snuzzler is the best thing ever ! I use it in my jogging stroller and it 's awesome ! I started using it when my son was only 2 months old and it keeps him so snug in the stroller he does n't move at all . Now that I 'm finally running with him in the stroller at 4 months , he is so secure and the fleece keeps him nice and warm . What a great product ! Anyone with a jogging stroller should buy the snuzzler !
 I LOVE this product . I bought it when my son was 1 week old after using the double headrest I registered for from BRU . The double headrest did n't support his neck at all . He looked so uncomfortable . Once I put the Snuzzler on the car seat , his whole body was alligned , and his neck did n't flop to the side anymore . The whole car ride , I kept telling my husband , `` Look at him ! He looks so comfy ! '' It also work great in our stroller . I wish we would have had this when our first child was born . The Snuzzler has two sides you can use , one for cold weather , the other for warmer weather . I would definetely recommend this product !
 This is one baby product I could n't live without . I used it in my son 's infant seat from the time he was a newborn until about 3 months and then I just used the headrest part of it for a little while longer . It is a great product and it really secures and cradles the baby while they are in their carseat . And the material that is actually behind the baby 's head and body is actually very thin and would not interfere with the safety of the carseat during a crash . It is reversible and can used during both summer and winter . My son was born in the very hot month of August and I used the Snuzzler with the blue side facing out and he was never too hot . I definately recommend this product to anyone with a newborn . It would make a great baby shower gift too .
 My little one loves this snuzzler . I used it in his Kick and Play bouncer seat . He snuggles into it , gets comfortable and falls right to sleep . Its amazing .
 I love this snuzzler . I had one of those headrest in my daughters car seat and it didnt seem to do anything for her . I received this as a baby shower gift and have used it every day since . It craddles my daughter more in her car seat and stroller . And i love the fact that you can use either side .
 The Snuzzler is perfect for newborns and provides comfort and warmth to a tiny little body in the car seat or stroller . Since we 're in a warm climate though , my baby seems to sweat on the back of his head .
 This snuzzler is awesome ! I put it in the bouncey seat and my 2 week old son does n't slide down . And I no longer have to roll towels and shove them in between him and the seat . The shearly material is also the softest thing I 've ever felt . It 's warm in the winter and you can reverse it to use in the summer . I love it ! The best $ 20 I 've spent in Babies R Us .
 This is a fabulous invention . We use ours in the car seat with no problems . It would also work well in a stroller , bouncy chair or swing . It is sooo much softer than the slick car seat material . I wish they made them in an adult size !
 The snuzzler , coupled with the nojo baby cover up , kept our baby warm and cozy through the winter months . He often slept in his car seat next to our bed and I think he slept so well because he was so comfortable . When it became warmer , I turned it around to the fabric side because he started sweating a little , and it continued to work like a charm . You can put it in the high chair , anywhere else the baby is going to sit or sleep , it 's extremely cushy .
 I do n't use mine in my carseat because I have heard too many times that adding padding in a carseat can actually be dangerous . So I use the snuzzler in our stroller . It is great cause she gets all around support and not just at her head . I highly recommend this !!
 Excellent when baby is a bit small for his surroundings ; particularly in the cooler months , an extra plus for its cozy warmth . Our Snuzzler has progressed from the infant car seat , to the swing , to the exersaucer and now to his first `` big '' stroller and larger car seat . Sure , it might not be a necessity - but baby certainly seems more comfortable with it !
 I had a huge baby , so she out grew it in the car seat fairly quick , so I threw it in the jogger and she was snug as a bug . I loved it , she would n't have fit in the stroller without it for several months , and I didnt have one of those strollers that sits the car seat on it . Also , I think it was nice to be able to have her in something other than that car seat all the time.Oh , but the second it gets warm out , do n't use it . Its very warm -LRB- which is only handy in cool weather -RRB- .
 I bought this after our second baby was born . Our infant carseat cushion seemed lacking . The Snuzzler is soft and a nice cushion . Baby just snuzzles down into it . A bonus is that it is easy to remove to wash -LRB- air dry -RRB- .
 Remembering my 18 month old 's head flopping around in the too big `` head support '' , I decided to step it up for my 2 week old . When I ordered her car seat , I also ordered the Kiddopotamus Snuzzler and am definitely glad I did . My daughter is only 6lb 10oz and this product gives her full body support . Her head does not flop around , sideways or forwards , and her body is fully cushioned . It makes me feel very confident that she is comfortable when we are driving around . I wish I 'd had this for my 18 month old.In response to a previous statement that the Snuzzler seems bulky , I think it adds to the safety level of the product and , unlike the previous posters baby , my daughter does not look crowded or uncomfortable at all .
 Our daughter was a bit smaller then we expected at birth . Resulting in the car seat , which also served as a baby carrier , being too big for her . The Snuzzler was a life saver . The fleece side helped keep her warm and comfortable as well as secure during the winter . It also washed up well . She was able to use it up to 31/2 months .
 I use this in my Dreamer Design Lite Jogger for my 2 month old . It keeps him snug , secure , and safe while I walk or my husband jogs ! I have n't used it with my car seat because I do n't need it . My child is very big !
 Purchased this to put in our peg perego car seat . Fits perfectly and should offer better cushioning for our newborn until she grows into the car seat.Nice and soft , and high quality . Definitely recommended .
 I like the fact that we can use both the sides -LRB- one for the warmer days and the other for cooler days -RRB- . Used it on the stroller only two times so far and she seems comfortable.Highly recommended .
 I used this in a jogging stroller for a 5 week old and he was very comfortable and stayed securely in place for our walks . He seemed happy in it and I used it until he was about 5 months old .
 the fabric is soft and cushion , and what 's most important it provides good support for my baby . She loves it .
 Love this product , my daughters head did not flop aroung at all . It kept her snug in her car seat .
 My 4.5-month-old-son is quite big . He looks like at least a 6-month-old , conservatively speaking . That being said , this works very well for him when we take him for a walk in the back seat of our double stroller . It adjusts to his height and head shape and he has never rolled to the side of the stroller while in use .
 This is a must have for baby during the first 6-8 weeks . It provides much needed support in the car seat , bouncy chair , etc. . It prevents them from slumping down and supports their little bodies . This is one of my top-5 items for a new baby .
 I love this product . It is an all around great head support for an infant and it 's toasty warm also !
 I have had 3 children all of which were preemie . This snuzzler worked great with their small size and snuggled them in perfectly ! They love to be in their car seats ! It also works great in the stroller !
 We love this product and find it mos versatile > We use it in the car seat , the crib and to breastfeed -LRB- to keep our 6 weeks old head high -RRB- .
 I finally found this at the best price here on Amazon . It is just perfect for any weather as it is reversable -LRB- one side is soft and fuzzy , the other is a cotton fabric for warm weather -RRB- . It cradles the baby perfect and keeps him in a comfortable position . Just what we needed !
 I AM AN RN WORKING IN THE NICU -LRB- NEONATAL INTENSIVE CARE -RRB- . THE SNUZZLER IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE PREMATURE BABY . IT IS VERY COMMON FOR A BABY TO GO HOME AT 4-5 POUNDS . THEY DO NOT FIT IN THE CAR SEAT CORRECTLY BECAUSE THE CAR SEAT IS NOT MADE FOR BABIES BELOW 6 POUNDS . THE STRAPS CAN NOT BE TIGHTENED ENOUGH AND THEY SIT IN A SLUMPED POSITION . ENTER THE SNUZZLER !!! IT ELEVATES THE BABY FOR THE STRAPS TO BE IN PROPER POSITION AND THEY SIT IN A VERY COMFORTABLE POSITION . THE PARENTS RAVE ABOUT THIS PRODUCT AND ARE HAPPY THAT THEIR BABY IS SAFE AND COMFORTABLE !!! I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR ANY BABY SIZE !!!!
 You can get this product , along with any other baby products up to $ 500 Free ! Participate in this special promotion and get a free $ 500 baby products gift card at this web site
 This support system is AWESOME ! I have two of them . It keeps my daughter from slumping over in her car seat . She always looks so comfortable in her car seat . I also have one that I switch between her swing , and stroller . I never have issues with her slumping over while she is in those either . The snuzzler keeps her in place . It is an absolutely fantastic product .
 With my first child , we tried everything to keep her head from bouncing around in her carseat . It was impossible ... I just had a son , and saw this product and thought I 'd give it a shot because it is the only thing we did n't try with our daughter . It 's amazing . It not only keeps him firmly in place , but warm and comfortable . A must have for any parent to keep their child safe in the car ...
 My husband & I love this Snuzzler . It comfortably cradled our baby since she was a newborn . The fleece side also helped to keep her warm . I was concerned that most carseats are n't really cushiony & supportive enough so the Snuzzler was a great solution . We 've washed it several times & it still looks great . No complaints here - just wished it came in pink .
 This item is a must have !! My baby and I love it and I recommend it to anyone I know having a baby or as a shower gift . It provides the support and cushioning my baby needs to her fragile backside . I ca n't imagine putting my baby in her car seat without it . It washes nicely and stands up to constance use . It also looks nice , there is a cool side -LRB- blue -RRB- and a warm side -LRB- wool-like -RRB- for all weather . I plan on using it in her stroller when she is big enough .
 This item has been a wonderful addition to all of our baby paraphernalia . This insert fits well into jogging strollers , swings and things of that nature . When your little one ca n't stay up on their own . The head piece also separates to support just the head as they get bigger .
 Since my daughter was born 4 weeks early , nothing seemed to fit properly . We mostly use this on her bouncer -LRB- Fisher-Price Kick & Play Bouncer -RRB- , which she was able to use from day one , thanks to this product . We also use it on her stroller -LRB- Peg Perego Venezia -RRB- , which fits nicely , and gives her a comfy ride on our walks .
 I originally had the regular head supports that fit right around the baby 's head -- well , it was junk ! It kept sliding around and did not support my baby 's head at all.I saw this and thought it would do the trick , and boy did it ever ! Our baby is comfortable in his seat and it keeps his head secure . This is the best baby product I own !
 This product is an absolute must have !! Finally my son is comfortable in his carrier and his head does n't hang over to the side . Before I purchased this I tried putting 2 headrest rolls together and my son 's head would still slump over to the side . The snuzzler supports his entire body from all sides . He no longer cries when I put him in his carrier but now he falls asleep in it . I even use it his swing !
 Throw away the neck support that comes with your infant car seats and get one of these ! This is one of the best baby products out there . I get people these for gifts all the time . They thank me later . My babies were always comfy and extremely well supported in this . Try it - I promise you I have four children and I rave about this . It also works great in a swing .
 This is an outstanding all over support for baby . I have bought one for my baby 's car carrier . Now I 'm purchasing one for his stroller . I may even get one for his swing too . I love it because it supports the whole body and not just his head . My baby tends to contort himself and this just keeps him more comfortable . I suggest it to anyone and my suggestion is get more than one . You 'll want it for everything .
 THIS IS THE BEST THING MY HUSBAND HAS EVER PURCHASED . HE BOUGHT THE SNUZZLER WHEN OUR DAUGHTER WAS BORN . THE INFANT CARRIER SWALLOWED HER AND SHE LOOKED SO UNCOMFORTABLE . ONCE WE PUT HER IN THE CARRIER WITH THE SNUZZLER , SHE WAS ABLE TO FALL ASLEEP EASIER AND HER HEAD WOULD N'T FALL FORWARD . ONCE SHE OUTGREW IT , MY BEST FRIEND USED IT FOR HER SON -LRB- AND IT STILL KEPT ITS SHAPE -RRB- . NOW MY 7 MONTH OLD IS USING IT . I 'D RECOMMEND THIS ITEM TO EVERYONE THAT WANTS THEIR BABY TO BE COMFORTABLE AND COZY .
 We love it ! Our baby is 3 weeks old and will only sleep in her car seat or her boppy . When we put her in her seat with the snuzzler she is cozy ! This is a must have item ! The car seat is much too big for her little 8 pound body and this holds her nice and snug in the seat . For summer months you can flip it over and still have a comfortable seat but without the thick warm fleece . I would HIGHLY suggest buying this for your baby !!
 Our son was so tiny when we brought him home , but luckily we had a Snuzzler , and he was nice and snug in his carseat and swing . It was so easy , we just pulled the straps under the headpiece and buckled him in ! The fleece side was great when it was cold outside , nice and warm . The Snuzzler is well worth the money !
 My baby LOVES his Snuzzler ! It has kept him comfortable and well supported in his car seat since he came home from the hospital . In hot weather we used the side with the woven fabric , and now that it is cooler the fleece side is so cozy for him . When I removed the Snuzzler for washing I realized how much it supports my baby ; his head flops around without it and he is not at all happy in his car seat . We also use it in the stroller , and it slips easily from one seat to another because there are no holes that you need to thread the harness straps through.I am familiar with the car seat safety concerns with accessories . These concerns apply to products that are bulky and that can affect the fit of the safety harness . The Snuzzler has nothing bulky behind the baby - just the fabric , no padding . All of the padding is on the sides of the head and body supports , so the harness straps do not have to be loosened to use it . There is no way I would use anything potentially dangerous with my baby , and I know that he is safe and very , very happy in his Snuzzler !
 We were given this as a gift before our daughter was born , and we put it in the seat before we even brought her home . First , it 's very soft , and the padding is supportive while not being stiff . It was easy to install into our seat , and fit perfectly -LRB- we used an Evenflo Aura II -RRB- When we brought our daughter home , it was evident immediately how useful it was . She would have had so much extra room in the carseat without it . It wrapped around her sides perfectly , supported her arms and legs , and made a nice little niche for her head to rest in . It kept her head from flopping to the side , and kept her from facing upwards -LRB- which can restrict airways -RRB- . It also provided her with a bit of extra warmth , as she was born in October.It was easy to clean . We had more than one spit-up `` incident '' , and it was easy to clean and dry . We washed it by hand for ease -LRB- we do n't have our own machine -RRB- , and air dried it . As our daughter grew bigger , it was easier for her to squish the padding down , so it was n't uncomfortable for her to have it . We kept the body padding in until she was about 6 months old , and kept the head part in until she was about 7 months old.I would recommend this to anyone , but especially parents of preemies or multiples , since car seats often are waaaaay too big for them.I love this , and will definitely use another for baby # 2 !
 This infant support is so much better than the traditional head support that came with our infant seat . I just wish I had had this for my first .
 This is a fantastic product !! It 's design fully supports my newborn in his car seat , swing , and bouncer !
 Everyone who has a baby needs one of these . My baby 's head always flopped over to the side with the little head support that came with the car seat . Once we got the snuzzler she was always nice and comfortable and her head never fell to the side . This is a must have .
 This is a million times better than the headrests that come with the car seats . It fully supports his head and is even machine washable .
 You know how babies never seem to fit in their carseat when they 're tiny newborns ? The Snuzzler fixes that ! My little girl fit so snuggly in her carseat . I felt a lot safer knowing that she would n't shift around in her carseat . I will definitely be using this when the next baby arrives . I buy them for baby shower gifts now !
 I received this item and I could n't be happier with it . My husband and I are expecting our first little one in December and can not wait to use this item . When it arrived , I opened it and immediatly wanted one for my self it is very soft and seems as thought it will provide much needed support for baby 's head and body .
 I purchased this for my newborn daughter 's carseat . I really like the double sided fabric , it 's very soft and conforms well to her body . It supports her body well . The only thing I wish I could change about it is the depth of the actual headrest . It does n't seem very deep and sometimes my daughter 's head will come out of it and slump over when she 's sleeping . Other than that , I have no complaints . It transfers quickly and easily to her stroller where she 's able to sit semi-upright thanks to this product .
 My baby 's head flopped around in the car seat -LRB- 1 month old -RRB- so I got this and it fixed the problem - not only that but the fleece side keeps him warm in the winter when we go outside . I would recommend this to anyone !
 This product has been irreplaceable . We still use it . In the beginning , you find that everything is too big for the baby . Now that our baby is bigger , we have taken off the head cushion and just use the bottom as a seat cushion .
 I got this Snuzzler for a babyshower gift and was so excited . I soon realized that it was way to big and bulky for our newborns carseat . I took others advice and put it in the stroller , and our swing and it is great ! Our little girl was born small , only 6lbs 2oz and it held her perfectly ! Over all I am happy with this product !
 I recently purchased the Expedition LX jogging stroller . I love the stroller , however it did n't support my 8 month old daughter very well . She 's a petite 16 pounds . I was on the search for a padded insert . I thought I would have to make one myself until I came across the Snuzzler . This product is wonderful and I 'm very happy with it . My daughter is nice & cozy and well supported in the jogger , both in the reclined -LRB- for when she 's napping -RRB- and upright positions . A definite must have .
 Could n't have lived without this product ! Baby is snuzzled and falls right to sleep . No need to adjust head supports . It contours to her body as she grows .
 We got this for our son and it arrived the day after he was born . We used it when we took him home from the hospital and it is GREAT ! It provides so much more support than just the thin padding that is in car seats today . It also does not effect the safety of the car seat as the back is thin and does not interfere with the safety straps .
 Our daughter was born just under 6 lbs . Her head fell down and rolled around like a BB in a boxcar when she was strapped in her carseat . This product held her head and little body in place . We tried several other products before this one and nothing worked , this included the seat support from the carseat manufacturer . She is now 10lbs . and is still using this snuzzler.We love it .
 I just LOVE this Snuzzler . Keeps your newborn warm and cozy - not to mention a better fit in their carseats . My daughter who 's only 2 weeks old , looks very comfortable in her car seat . Without it , she was hunched over - her neck wobbling around . I did n't feel she was safely in her carseat . She only weighed 6 pounds so the carseat was too big for her . I do recommend this product to new parents . You wo n't regret it ! Plus you can also use this in your stroller and/or bouncers !
 This infant support is wonderful ~ ~ you can move it from the swing , to the bouncy chair , then into the washing machine without missing a beat !!! The only reason why I did n't give it 5 stars , is that it would be nice to have an alternate material for the summer months , as this fleece is perfect for winter , but baby gets warm fast in the warmer months .
 I washed mine as instructed & the batting material bunched up to the point where it was completely unusable.It 's a shame because the snuzzler is so soft & cozy.I have n't found anything as good yet .
 my baby girl was 10 pounds at birth and did not fix in to this infant body support ... so i gave it to my sister who had a 7pound baby and she fit perfect ... the body support kept her head in place and supported the rest of her body ... the body support is firm but soft very and easy to clean just popit in the washer and dryer
 I received this as a gift for my 3rd child . I told my friend thanks , but that I did n't need it because I already had everything I needed - she insisted THIS was different . She was right ! Your child 's head never slumps down , which was the best . It 's also super soft , warm and comfy , which every baby deserves . I can see why my friend now gives these to every new mom .
 After I received the Snuzzler , I had my doubts about whether or not I would actually use it . I put it in my car seat carrier and my son was snug as a bug . It is a great alternative to head positioners because it not only helps keep the head from slumping over , but also gives the newborn baby the security of being snuggled -LRB- which any mom will tell you babies love -RRB- . I only gave the snuzzler 4 stars because I found that I used it in the car seat for only a short amount of time because my son got too big for it relatively fast . I do , however , use it to this day in the stroller for my 4 month old because he is too little to sit up straight , and it gives the stroller some extra padding .
 I baby-sit my twin grandsons , and I bought the snuzzlers to go in the jogging stroller for when we go on our walks . I love them , they help keep the boys warm and in place , -LRB- they are 5 months old -RRB- and I like that I can just throw the snuzzlers in the wash and they are ready to go again .
 I loved this item for my daughter ! I used it from day one of her carseat use . It is totally soft , easy to wash and kept her in place 100 % ! I have used it in a jogging stroller , bouncer , stroller ... she 's too big for it now -LRB- 4 months -RRB- but I definitely recommend the Snuzzler for a new bebe .
 I purchased this item after struggling with the `` standard '' head support with my two other children.Not only does this support my new son 's head and shoulders to keep him from slumping , it also snuggles him into his seat for a more secure ride with much less startling.I will be giving this as a baby gift for years to come .
 For the people who keep commenting that there should be no padding between the baby 's back and the car seat , there is n't any . It specifically states on this product that there is no padding between the back of the baby and the car seat for this very reason . The padding is to the sides and around the baby 's head , there is NO PADDING behind the baby , just fabric .
 This head and body support is great for a newborn . Our baby always went sideways in her carseat with a regular head support . This one has both a head and body support , that are detachable w / velcro . And , now that she 's 3 months old , we can use just the head support . We also used it in her swing with the body support and now without.Overall , this is a great product and is soft fleece and easily washable . I will probably purchase this item as a newborn gift for the next baby in the family , as it is that great .
 I bought the Snuzzler because of the reviews about how it was more cushiony than other baby supports and I 'm glad I did . My son 's head grew out of the regular head support at about 2 months . Now at 3 months and 15lbs , he still fits this nicely . I want to point out the main reason I use this is because we use a convertible car seat for my son since birth . The Snuzzler makes the fit so much better for him and he looks so comfy in it . I 've never used this in the infant carrier that I have -LRB- for backup in second car -RRB- . So for parents that decide on using convertible car seats right away , this is a must have . It 's also great in his stroller . The material in his stroller -LRB- Chicco Liteway -RRB- is n't the softest and this makes it much more comfy for him and he 's not sliding off to the side when I incline him a little . All in all , a great buy .
 A must have for small babies . My three month old is only now starting to outgrow it - at eleven pounds .
 The Kiddopotamus Snuzzler is great for small babies . I found that it really kept my baby extra secure -LRB- in terms of head positioning in her car seat -RRB- and also more comfortable . Not to mention it also has a very nice feel to the touch -LRB- * think cuddly blankie :--RRB- -RRB-
 This is a must have for newborns . Even though your car seat might say it 's for newborns , your baby will need to have this . My son , now one month , would n't be able to sit comfortably in his car seat/stroller without it .
 When my baby was 10 weeks old , I was very fortunate to be given a used Bugaboo Cameleon stroller from my best friend . I wanted to start using the stroller for running so I can start getting back in shape , however , my baby was too small for the stroller frame , so I had to find some sort of support for her head and body . After reading all the customer reviews , I ordered the Snuzzler and it worked great . It cradles her head and body perfectly , so she does n't move around . I 've already tested it many times during my walks and runs with her in the stroller . I 've attached pics of her in the Bugaboo -LRB- in share your own images -RRB- so other reviewers can have a chance to see her it in . If you are looking for a body/head support for your baby , this is a really good one .
 My father gave this to us for our little man because we were complaining the head support in car seats is terrible . It works great ! The only problem we found is that you can really only use it when it 's chilly outside . We live in Florida , so not too many cold days ! When there is a day suitable , he loves it !
 The snuzzler is absolutely fabulous . We have used it in our car seat , in the stroller , in the bouncy seat , and now that our son is older and does n't need the extra support in those items , we use it in his swing to prevent his head from falling to the side after he falls asleep.It is extremely soft and perfect for newborns so that they are comfortable and fit snugly in their various seats . The head portion of the pillow adjusts or comes off completely to fit your child as he grows.I am so glad I purchased this before our son was born and will be happy to use it again in time with baby # 2 -LRB- should we be so lucky . -RRB-
 This snuzzler is one of the best items I purchased for my baby . It 's definitely great to have it before baby arrives so you can take her home in it . It keeps baby from flopping all over the place . It 's so soft and warm too . Perfect for a winter baby , but I used mine in summer and it was great then too . I used it for about three months and it was really worth it !
 You definitely do n't want to use this during the summer months , because your baby will be sweating . I used it during the winter and it worked great for my preemie . The only downfall is that the velco part that attaches the head rest to the body rest is so big and rubs against baby 's neck . I had to put a small towel to cover it .
 This is perfect for my newborn son . I use it for the car seat , travel system and the stroller . It is very easy to remove without having to unstrap anything and easy to wash in the washing machine .
 The Kiddopotamus Snuzzler is something that you probably would n't think of asking for when registering for baby items - I certainly did n't . To my surprise , it probably should 've been one of the first things to register for ! I did not expect the baby to be so small -LRB- 7 lbs , 9 oz -RRB- , considering how big my belly was!On my baby 's ride home from the hospital , the Snuzzler held my baby in place perfectly . Without it there , my baby would 've been too small to fit in the seat , and his head would have shifted around ! He rode home from the hospital looking very comfortable , quiet , and content . He used the full snuzzler until he was about 5 months old , and used just the head positioner part for a few months longer.The snuzzler still maintains its soft feel , even despite the many washes its been through . I passed it along to my nephew last year , and just received it back this month for my daughter . It 's still as soft as the day we got it and it keeps my daughter well positioned and cozy . Highly recommended !
 I bought this for my 6th child after reading many reviews . I wish I would have had this for the other 5 ! It is GREAT . He LOVES to sleep in his car seat and when we 're going somewhere , he 's snug as a bug and his head is n't flopping everywhere . BTW
 My son was 5lbs when we brought him home from the hospital and the Snuzzler enabled him to ride comfortably in his car seat - even though he was so tiny . He just loved the snuzzler/car seat combo so much that he slept best in it for his first two months !
 I had preemies and those infant carseats were just too big for my babies . The Snuzzler was just what I needed . It filled up the empty space and provided my babies a lot more support -LRB- which they very much needed -RRB- . They did n't need The Snuzzler for long . Once they reached a few months old , they were too big for it ; but it was a big help in the early days . I highly recommend it , especially if your babies are tiny
 This was a necessity for my newborn - in the car seat , the stroller , the swing ... it had so many uses , I bought two ! It is so nice and soft , helped my colicky baby sleep -LRB- he only slept in the car seat or swing -RRB- , made him feel more secure and snug , and kept his head from hanging at weird angles . He is 11 months old and I still use the pads for the shoulder straps on his car seat to keep his neck from chafing !
 I absolutely love this thing ! My mother bought this for me and she complained that it was too expensive but I sure do use it ! I use it in her swing , transport it to the stroller and then I just got a Baby Jogger stroller and she uses it in there . She is 3 months and 12 lbs and I think we 'll be able to use it a bit longer . I really love this ! It also washes easily in the wash !
 I use this in the car and in the stroller and I find it very useful . It 's not only supports the baby but helps to keep him warm . I also like that is very soft . I am happy I have this product .
 We used this for our daughter in her stroller when she was still pretty tiny . We never needed it for the car seat , though . I found this to be very supportive of her little head . We were able to use a smaller stroller with this , instead of a large infant stroller , which I did not want to haul around . This is easy to clean , and very soft as well . Great for supporting little ones .
 This is great for head support for either a car seat or the bouncer we have ! Fabric is great - washable .
 my baby is much more comfy in his car seat . it keeps his head up and straight .
 This is a great product . Although it did make my baby sweaty on the cotton side on one of our warmer days I guess that means he will be extra warm this coming winter . He is very comfortable in it for our car rides to daycare 2 days a week and out and about running erands any other time . He falls asleep alot more with the kiddopotamus than with the support that came with the carseat . I wish they made them in adult size for my lazy boy .
 I found this item very useful , especially when my baby was first born . It made for a nice comforable position for her head and body in the carseat . We have a Graco Safeseat and a Britax Marathon . It fits well in both carseats.The one thing I would caution about the Snuzzler is that it can make your baby very hot because there is no ventillation for their heat to escape . My daughter has complained about this a couple of times because it really does get hot here.Actually , make it 2 words of caution . Adjust your restraints for your baby after you have already put the Snuzzler in because it definitely makes it tighter with the Snuzzler and that might be uncomfortable for the baby .
 I love the snuzzler . It keeps baby 's head from moving all over the car seat and it keeps her very warm in the cold air . I wanted something to protect the car seat from diaper accidents , something that can easily be washed . The snuzzler is a great product and also works well in the stroller .
 This also works well as a comfortable places for our daughter to sleep laying flat on the changing pad . We also use in in the car seat / stroller for walks . Easy to wash and dry -LRB- comes out looking the same -RRB- .
 I love this carseat Snuzzler ! I purchased a carseat for my daughter that would last longer than most , but it was quite large when she was born . Thanks to the Snuzzler she fit perfectly . It gave her such a wonderful cozy place . I knew that she would be comfortable no matter how long the car ride . We used it for months !
 I used this for my son when he was first born with his car seat -LRB- it is safe to use because there is no padding between the bebe and the seat -RRB- . Now he is 7 months and I have it in his jogging stroller . I love it so much that I am going to get another one to keep him cozy in his Maclaren stroller as it is thin enough not to interfere with the umbrella fold .
 I received this as a gift , and this has been one of the most useful items I 've used . My baby was smaller than average and this keeps her snug and in place in her car seat . It gives her whole body support , not just her head . I think it also makes the car seat more comfy . This is definitely worth having !
 I have liked this item and have used it in my jogging stroller to give my little one some extra support in the seat . I have a Baby Jogger II and since it can be used until kiddos are 75 lbs she would have rattled around in there at 16 lbs when we first started using it.It 's really soft and it has washed well - although you might want to wash & dry it by itself the first time because it had a lot of fuzzies . It 's nice that you can reverse it to have the soft fuzzy side out when it 's cold and the smooth cotton side out when it 's warm.I have to reemphasize what some of the reviews say - be careful when using anything extra in a car seat . The reason is that , heaven forbid you were in a car crash , any extra padding could compress too much creating too much gap in the straps holding your little one in the seat . I know that this says you can use in in a car seat , just make sure that any padding in a car seat is installed properly . You do n't want to have padding in between the seat back and the baby .
 Our daughter hated being in a car seat and car for the first 4 months of her life . I hated everyone who would suggest taking her for a ride to fall asleep bacause every ride was a screamathon for us . Anyway we found the snuzzler when she was about 2 months old . She did n't change her attitude completely but it was definately a marked improvement . I think she felt much more secure in it than she had before with just the infant head rest .
 We used this in the kick and play bouncer to provide extra warmth and support for our newborn . She is almost 3 months old and we still use it ! It is reversible for the summer , but the fleecy side is wonderful for the winter .
 This snuzzler was a lifesaver for me when our daughter was born 6 weeks premature . It fit her perfectly and kept her snug and upright in her carseat . We used it until she was about 5 months old ... definitely worth the money . I would buy it all over again !
 We bought two of these for our newborn twins . They were a little premature and small -LRB- 4lb 9 oz and 4lb 13 oz -RRB- . We tried every product under the sun for our first daughter in her car seat yet her head still always bounced all around . This product is awesome . Even as small as they were , our little girls never seemed too small for the car seats and always seemed nice and snug and their heads always stayed in place . I highly recommend this product .
 I did n't put this in our car seat for two reasons
 The fabulous snuzzler enabled us to use our very cool jog stroller when our son was only 3 weeks old . Most jog strollers are not recommended for children under 6 months . The snuzzler cuddles and holds infants in place while still allowing room for the 5 point harness system to be used properly . The snuzzler is also great to use inside the car seat for added cush and support . Wherever we go people comment on our snuzzler and want to know where they can buy one .
 This is my third child so I 've been through many products trying to find something that works with the babies in the car seat . This is the only product that ever worked perfectly the first time ! And my daughter loves being all snug in her car seat . She does n't shift at all or slide down . Her head still flops forward every once in a while , but there 's really no way to stop that . We have used this since the day she left the hospital . I definitely recommend it !
 I discovered this product with my second baby . I wish I knew about with my first . I used it in the car seat , in my jogging stroller , in the bouncey chair and just about anywhere else I could think of . It offered great support for my baby . Get it .
 I love this thing !!!! My baby looks soooo comfy when she is in her carseat !!! We stayed over my brother-in-laws house one night and had Lilly sleep in the carseat , and it was one of her best nights of sleep in her first month . She was starting to outgrow it , but i still was using it , until the other day , I saw Lilly 's new cousin Sarah slumped over in her carseat . She looked so uncomfortable , that I 'm letting her use the snuzzler now . I think I might buy this for everyone when i go to baby showers now !!!!!!
 Very affordable , yet well made.Easy to install and remove.Washable.Nice terry cloth cover.Very snug - I use it with a snugride and it helps the car seat live up to its name.Newborn very comfy in his carseat because of it . I think it 's a must have for newborns.I have the cream colored one and made the mistake of washing it with colored fabric , so colored lint went all over it and had to pick apart.Make sure to wash on its own to prevent lint from sticking to the terry cloth .
 We have loved our Snuzzler . I almost took it back after we first received it because I thought I would n't use it . I am glad that I kept it because it has been invaluable . My 3 month old son has had to sleep upright since birth because of health problems and has been sleeping in his car seat . The first few nights we did not have the Snuzzler in the seat he would end up slumped over and screaming in the middle of the night . Once I put the Snuzzler in he slept so much better . Not only did it keep him from falling over it kept him `` snuggled up '' as he liked being swaddled . I highly recommend this item for anyone with a new baby even if your child does n't have to sleep upright !
 When my daughter , now 5 , was born this product was not available and we were always rolling towels or washcloths to keep her head and body from rolling and shifting . Now with my son I bought this and it 's so much better , I got a second one for the stroller ! There is virtually no padding in the back , so I feel confident using it in the carseat -LRB- contrary to some other reviews about that being unsafe -RRB- and there is plenty of space for the 5-point harness straps to secure baby tightly . I did find the head piece unnecessary , but it is just attached by velcro and easily removed . I covered the velcro grip with a piece of flannel and it was fine , but it would have been nicer if the manufacturer would have provided a way to cover it . Also , although it is easily washable and driable , occasionally the padding in the `` wings '' tends to bunch . However , I can easily work it back into place . Again , it would have been nice if the manufacturer would have put in a couple of stitch lines to keep this from happening . Overall , this is a good product .
 We used this for our son for 6 weeks and it was a lifesavor . He would only sleep in his bouncer , so we put the snuzzler in for extra comfort . It was perfect . I do n't know what we would have done without it .
 The Snuzzler is excellent for newborns !! I use it in my sons high chair and his 4 stage chair to support him .
 My daughter was tiny , when she was born so we put this in so she would n't shift in her infant car seat , we tried one of those neck rolls before this to stop her head from falling forward , -LRB- those do n't work -RRB- We realized that if you take off the head pad on the snuzzler -LRB- velcro -RRB- that her neck never falls forward again !!!!!! Highly recommend !!!!
 We have 2 boys and needed a double stroller but did NOT want to pay the $ 80 - $ 100 for a carseat adapter . We decided on the City Mini Gt Double stroller And the Snuzzler insert . At around 6 weeks it was time to talk our boys out for a spin around the neighborhood . Our baby boy fit perfectly snuggled in his snuzzler . He was secure and looked so comfy ;--RRB- He is now 4 months and is still snuzzled in his stroller . It was a great buy.XOXO
 Nothings wrong with the product , only it is described as white with navy trim . Which I did not get . But it really does make up for itself being reversible , soft , and absorbs water for right outta the bath . Most definitely recommend it for any one looking for a soft `` baby stabilizer . ''
 Love love love this ! I 've tried other head and body supports but this one is by far the best I 've ever used ! Does a great job keeping baby 's head from flopping around and leaning forward when in the car .
 I bought this to use as my newborn would slip down and have very poor head support in his car seat . Gave him great support and kept him snug , perhaps too much occasionally !
 We got the Snuzzler to use in our newborn daughter 's bouncie seat , and it works great . We do n't have worry about her head lolling over while she sleeps , and the fabric is reversible with a warmer fleece on one side and a cooler woven fabric on the other side . We liked it so much we purchased a second one to have in her swing !
 This product made our careseat -LRB- Regal Ride -RRB- usable for our 8lb infant . The care seat is rated to 5lbs , but it was way too big for our little baby , and our baby hated it until we got the snuzzler . Now he actually fits the lowest shoulder strap and appears comfortable . I plan to use this in his Snugride as well as his swing ! And it is machine washable .
 I received this as a shower gift and it ended up being more handy than I expected . My son was born a month early and only weighed 4 lbs 15 ounces when leaving the hospital . He would n't have fit in his carseat without the Snuzzler . He 's two months old now , and we still use it in his carseat . It 's very soft and machine washable -LRB- always a good thing ! -RRB- I recommend this to anyone who has a very small baby .
 I 'm shopping for my second Snuzzler for baby # 2 . My first baby LOVED his Snuzzler -LRB- and I did too ! -RRB- to support him in the car seat until he was bigger and able to sit up without the extra back support . It made his car seat fit him perfectly even when he was being brought home from the hospital . Now I want a second Snuzzler to keep in my new jogger , while the original -LRB- still in great shape after several washings -RRB- will stay in the car seat . This has become one of my favorite baby items to give as shower gifts .
 I am a very satisfied customer . Seems to secure positioning of newborns . Helps head from bopping in car seats ! LOVE IT !
 We bought this so we could put our newborn in our Peg Perego P3 stroller without always using the carseat . We 've been happy with the Snuzzler so far although for a really small or young baby -LRB- maybe 8 lbs and less -RRB- I do n't think it is quite cozy enough to keep them stable and make them feel secure , but once they get bigger it should work just fine for you .
 The Snuzzler is one of the top baby products we own . It is now on my list of `` must haves '' for a new baby . Our son was barely 5 lbs when we brought him home , and the Snuzzler has supported him beautifully in his car seat , stroller , swing , bouncy seat , etc. . I highly recommend this product even for larger infants because we continued to use this as he grew and grew due to the extra comfort it provides .
 This item was very very handy for my little baby - she was only 6 lbs 14 oz at birth and grew slowly due to a heart condition . I do n't use this item in the car seat for safety reasons but ALWAYS use it in the stroller , bouncer , etc. . My daughter LOVES it !
 We used our Snuzzler constantly when our daughter came home from the hospital . She was only 6 pounds 8 ounces , so she was too small for the car seat . The Snuzzler took up the extra space with a minimum amount of messing around . She also was n't comfortable sleeping in the bouncy chair or her bassinet unless she was in the Snuzzler -- it elevated her head just a little and acted like a swaddler . We could have used an extra one for all the times we moved it from one place to another ! Also , when she did n't need the side supports any more we could detach them and just use the headrest . We still use that in her bouncy seat so she can sleep in it comfortably . Very good purchase !
 We used this for our son , who loved this . He was so comfortable and snuggling in his car seat and stroller . It was great ! It kept him comfy.Great product !
 My husband bought this of my registery when our son was born early and barely 6 pounds . We had a very hard time fitting him in his carseat right and this worked GREAT ! It supported his body but didnt constrict him or the use of a car seat . Once he gets bigger , iam going to put it in his stroller for extra comfort and support . I couldnt be happier with this product and my little boy seems to LOVE it ! It is so comfortable looking and i would recomend this to anyone ! It is also made well , and washes up nice . It has a summer and winter side as well , which was nice since the day he went home it was over 100 degrees !
 I have one on Cyneys Stroller and one on her car seat . . She looks very comfortable and that makes me happy . .
 The snuzzler is one of my favorite things to use for my preemie son . He was a larger preemie , coming home at 6 lbs , but it 's still a great help , as he was still small . It makes car rides enjoyable for him , I think he feels cuddled by it , just as we cuddle him . It 's also great to sit him in if he 's having a rough night sleeping ... we 'll sit him in his carseat and within minutes he 's out like a light .
 I had an older model of the manual ISIS pump with the flat valves and they would pop out if I squeezed too hard or pumped for more than a second or two . I was so glad to find these new duckbill valves and even more happy to find that they fit my older model pump . Now I can pump away forever without having to stop to replace the valve ! Highly recommend !
 My only question was if it would work in place of the old flat style with the star on it . It does . thanks .
 Let 's face it - you just never know exactly when these things will wear out , and you do n't want to be stuck with a bum valve and bulging breast ! Having a supply of these on hand is great - just pop a new one in when you need it , no need to drive anywhere -LRB- or in my case , just be stuck since nobody anywhere around even carries these -RRB- .
 I have been using my manual isis pumps for 9 months , and the suction was starting to get a bit weak . I replaced these and the diaphragms , and the problem has been solved . For less than $ 25 , I can continue nursing . worth every penny .
 I have an Avent Duo and luckily I had a package of these in a drawer . I noticed I was taking longer to pump the same amount of milk and thought for a moment my milk supply was low , but decided to change these -LRB- I was using the pump for a straight 6 months -RRB- . This was the reason !!! I immediately filled my bottles just like when I got the pump . I did not noticed I was loosing suction . These are easy to clean , unlike Medela ones that have two parts . I just take a bit of dishwashing soap into my pinky finger and clean and rinse completely , piece of cake !!! I am ordering some more !!! I highly recommend this pump to all moms , the only drawback is that the parts are not available locally but with Amazon Prime that is not a problem !!!
 I 'm so glad Avent updated its valve system . The duck valves do n't pop out of the pump when you squeeze too hard .
 These are durable and an important replacement part for your AVENT pump . They have beed used daily for 3 months and are still going strong . I got these just in case , but the original ones are still perfect . Recommended for the price !
 This has been an excellent purchase . My wife got extremely frustrated whenever she used the breast pump ; every 2 or 3 pumps caused the old valve to ` pop ' out of its position . Although this only started happening about a month after regular use of the breast pump.These new duck bill type valves have been working sweetly , no popping , no frustration ... Happy customer !
 This valve is more effective than the little one that comes with the pump . For me it has been about 30 % more effective . I use the Isis Manual Breast Pump.And it 's bigger , so I think it will not get lost so easily.Happy breastfeeding !
 Es una buena forma de remplazo de las estrellitas circulares antiguas , el remplazo funciona perfectamente en los productos descritos , es una buena opci&oacute;n de compra
 If you buy one of the corresponding pumps , you should really buy these also . With constant pumping , these need to be replaced every few months . These are inexpensive and very helpful in getting the most use out of your Philips AVENT breast pump .
 Have n't yet used product , but every person I talked to about pumps suggests this one or a hospital one which is much more expensive . Having this part will come in handy as there will be no lapse in time when I can pump due to worn out parts .
 If you have n't purchased your AVENT pump yet , DO N'T . Get a Medela . This product is fine , it 's exactly as described and the AVENT pump is great , I like mine . The problem is that the bottles SUCK for AVENT . Constant leaks . Just a warning for those still looking at pumps ... . Run !
 very good offer.lower price than my home country1 pack include 6 items , it could be use 12 month
 I bought these as a back up and keep in my bag . Especially when I am pumping at work . You never know when you drop one down the communal sink and get the creeps . It is always better to be prepared .
 We recently replaced the `` soft '' parts for our 6 year old Avent ISIS duo and these worked perfectly . Plus they were cheaper than the part from Phillips directly.Easy to pop in and out and easy to clean.We do n't use soap on these parts , we rinse them real well and sterilize as needed with the Avent microwave steamer.These come with a plastic box that works fairly well for storage but certainly does n't close very tight if you are tossing it in the pump 's bag . No biggie if you put it in a pocket or wrap it with a band but worth mentioning .
 I bought these extra valves bc other reviews I read said the originals did n't last . So i thought it best to spend a few bucks for some extra to keep on hand .
 I accidentally threw away the valves that came with my Avent isis pump . Immediately came on Amazon to see if they had it . They did and order with prime , so it was here within two days . Thank you Amazon !
 Got these as replacements . They say to replace them every 3 months or so . Sounds good to me . Best deal I found . These work on all 3 types of Avent pumps , I have the manual , the Uno and the Duo .
 This valve is what I expected it to be . I bought it to fit my double electric Avent pump when i lost one down the drain . Quick shipping really helped as well .
 I have the manual Philip Avent ISIS . Two years ago , the valves were flat . I always had trouble with those valves as they would get loose after repeated use and sterilization . I did not mind having to replace them , but I could not find replacements anywhere . I managed to successfully complete a years worth of pumping with 3 valves . Now I am once again pumping . I started a massive search looking for valves . The new valves continued popping up on my searches and never the old ones . I bought them being very skeptical of their effectiveness . After the first use , I can say with pleasure that these are much better than the old valves . They do n't fall out while pumping and can easily be seen in the sterilizer -LRB- so they do n't disappear -RRB- . Since the old valves are no longer available , you can rest assured that these will get the job done .
 This valve really works . Original valve is loose and fall through holding ring.The only thing which I do n't understand - why I should buy this `` working '' valve separately from breast pumping device ???
 It 's easy to install , good value for your money ; however , it could be from softer material . I 'm not sure how well it will protect my toddler .
 Granted our daughter has only been using them for a week , but they have survived her tossing them across the room -LRB- on tile -RRB- and no valves have come off yet . She loves these sippy cups for the colors and the soft texture on the drinking spout and handles . Gerber.com does have a tool that is very helpful in determining what the right sippy cup is for your child .
 We tried this cup when my daughter was 9 months old . She just could n't master drinking from this sippy cup or any other . We finally used the Nubi cup for a month and now she is 13 months old and does great with this cup . This is the only cup we use now .
 his name is pablo . if your little one is looking for tyrone , he 's a moose not a penguin
 The picture is of Pablo -LRB- the penguin -RRB- and the description is of Tyrone -LRB- the moose -RRB- . You actually receive Pablo . It is a big , soft pillow perfect for a toddler to cuddle . I hope this is helpful for anyone looking for one particular Backyardigan pillow . I purchased Pablo and Tyrone for Christmas presents and am very happy with them .
 We love this bubble bath ! Although I read reviews that there might not be bubbles , we had no problem-just one capful under running water and you get tons of bubbles ! My daughter LOVES them and it helps calm her down and get her ready for bedtime . I am comforted with the smell and knowing she is playing in something safe that is n't going to harm her years later since it 's chemical free . Though a little pricey ... totally worth it !
 The Overtired & Cranky scent is blissfully sweet and refreshing . My eight-month old son loves playing in the bubbles and smells terrific after his bath and massage . The massage oil does n't feel greasy and smells cleaner than the Calming massage oil . -LRB- Though , the Calming oil is great , too ! -RRB- Not to mention , this tote comes with a cute yellow ducky !
 Originally I had purchased this product , just the bubble bath though , for alot more ! I thought it would make my daughter 's bedtime routine alot easier - and it did ! But to my suprise the overtired and cranky products take away my headaches !!! I recommend all of the California Baby products , espically anything overtired and cranky . Also , not pictured , this comes in a gift bag with a rubber duck . This is a super bargain price !
 My 2nd grandson received this as a gift when he was born and it was truly wonderful . He took to it nearly instantly . He will be 3 in February and still loves his blankie . His mother found one online and I purchased two - one for their house and one for our house because just once they forgot to bring it to our house and he was spending the night . Oh my ! Now we each have an extra in case the original is in the wash . When he is here , he will ask for his other blankie , look for the tag he seems to chew on and tells me , `` Oma this is beautiful , thank you for my blankie tonight . '' He goes right to sleep with both old and new happy as a clam . He knows that one stays here and has a special place in his drawers . He can get it any time but it stays here . I think that when there is a special blanket a child is attached to it is a good idea to get two or three because you never know when the child will be sick or might lose it temporarily and then rotate them out frequently like you do the sheets on the bed . I love this child and am glad he knows he has his favorite blankie at Oma and Opa 's house and Thanks to those that sent it to him as a newborn . It is a beloved gift !
 I received the child to Cherish blanket as a baby shower gift and never thought much about it until my son turned 4-months . I gave it to him to hold while in his carseat . He loved it . He rubs the silkie part against his face and easily drifts off into a nap . He is now almost 7-months old and needless to say we can not go anywhere without it . We purchased 2-additional blankies so that we always have a clean one on hand . Also , because it is so small -LRB- less than 1 sq foot -RRB- it travels well . I would definitely recommend this baby blanket if you are looking for something super soft to help soothe and lull your child to sleep .
 My ten month old nephew can not go to sleep without three items
 We received this as a gift upon the birth of our second son . My first son was really into his `` buddies '' -- teddy bears , etc. . My second son LOVES the small security blanket . In fact , I 'm buying another one because we have misplaced it and I do n't want him to have a meltdown . I have also purchased the Little Giraffe blankie , which he also likes . However , he far prefers this Child to Cherish Buttermilk Farm blankie . I think it 's the satin on one side and the ultra soft fuzzy on the other side . He loves it and goes to bed each night rubbing it on his cheek . This blankie also comes with a small teddy who is also unbelievably soft -LRB- unless you let your dog chew on it , which is what happened to our little bear -RRB- .
 These wipes are n't just for kids . They 're great for anyone who wants that extra clean feeling . If you 're tired of dry , flimsy , annoying toilet paper , then you HAVE to try Tidy Tykes . Plus , they come with Sesame Street stickers !!!!
 These wipes are great for just about anything
 These flushable wipes are great ! I kept them in the bathroom and being able to flush them is very convenient -- a real plus over the full-size regular wipes . They 've a very nice smell and the perfect amount of moisture ; some of the other ones I 've tried are too wet and have to be wrung out first -- or the other extreme
 The Kid Fresh Flushable Wipes Tub is a wonderful product . They are thick and durable . These wipes are also good for older children . We used them while we were on a trip and they really came in handy . They clean really well and they have a very nice scent . I found this product to be very useable even if you do n't have babies . I 'd recommend this product to friends and family .
 These flushable wipes are a neat idea . But for the price I would n't go this route . You might as well buy baby wipes and get way more in the package , than to buy this little tiny box of wipes . I think it 's a good idea for children to use some kind of cleaning wipe because if they 're having a hard time getting their bottoms completely clean from just toilet paper , this product or similar products definitely make sure they 're clean !
 What a great product . They 're strong enough that they do n't fall apart when used and I liked the way they glided over my 3-year-old 's skin . I also noticed that even though I 'd been using two regular Baby Wipes before , I have to use only one Kid Fresh Wipe . I 'd recommend Kid Fresh Wipes to anybody who 's potty training a child .
 The tub of Kid Fresh Wipes have been used by both of my small children . They 're in a very nice '' `` stay fresh '' '' tub which is nice because kids tend to rip packages and moist towelettes usually dry up . The fact that they 're flushable is also a positive attribute . The only thing I 've noticed is that my youngest child has become chapped recently . I 'm not exactly positive that the use of this product is the cause , but there 's a chance of it . She basically uses these for easier cleanup and likes them a lot . I 'd recommend this product to others with children , however , if chapping occurred , I would discontinue use .
 These wipes are great for washing hands and faces . We put them in the van and are using them on the go . They 're smaller than other wipes , which makes them perfect for little hands . And they come in a nice container , perfect for storing in a diaper bag or backpack .
 These wipes are great . They 're easy to use , and the packaging makes it easy to store them in my car . I have a newborn , and they have come in very handy . I 'd recommend them to others .
 I really like this product . There 's a 2-year-old here who 's being potty-trained , and his favorite words are '' `` me do it . '' '' These flushable wipes are a good size for him and he can use them himself . His 5-year-old sister also likes them because they make her feel clean . They both use these rather than the miles of toilet paper they tried to use before . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 My baby just loves this collection from birth . She smiles everytime she looks at the animals and has started cooing at them . The bright colors make the room lively . Overall , would buy from Lambs and Ivy again .
 I could n't be happier with this crib set ! As soon as I took everything out of the box I knew I had made the right choice for my baby girl 's room . The colors are bright and vivid . The animals are adorable and make her room so welcoming and fun . Everything seems to be great quality . My daughter is 7 months old now and we have n't had a single problem with any items in this set . I just hope I can find a set as cute when I decide to have my next little one !
 Absolutely love this product . The colors are so much more vivid and better in person . It also has some old charm to it with gingham and stripes . I love the combination of vivid bright colors as well as the baby pink , green , & yellow .
 The Pepeny double sun shade is an excellent sun shade , we used this on our bike trailer when using it as a pram on holiday . It has a really good coverage and fastens easily onto pram / trailer .
 Wow , is this ever cute and useful for 2 little girls . I am very pleased with the little storage bins . They hold lots of little dishes and plastic food .
 We gave this table and chairs to my 3-year old granddaughter for an early Christmas present , and she has played on it ever since . I was very pleased with the look and feel of it , and it was not hard to put together . My husband and I completed it in less than an hour . Very pleased !!!
 This works perfectly for what I wanted - an area for my 3 and 2 year old to color and play . It 's durable and easily cleaned -LRB- I was worried about the whiteness of it at first -RRB- .
 This table was fantastic . The setup was so easy and my daughter loves it . She colors and reads and pretty much does everything she can on this table . The shipping was very fast as well . I am extremely satisfied with this product .
 This is the most adorable little table and chairs . My two and four year old just absolutely love it . The hearts really make it so beautiful and appealing to them . The price was awesome . The assembly was extremely easy . I was trying to wait for my husband to put it together , but decided to give it a try myself and was glad I did . So so easy ! Beautiful , sturdy , storage bins , great price , what else can I say - this was a great buy ! We use it for arts and crafts , tea parties ... you name it .
 I bought this table for my 2 year old daughter and love the look of it . It is a little bulky and takes up quite a bit of room but it was easy to put together and is the right size for a young child . The only issue I have had is that the paint scratches/chips easily , even without rough play . For example , a plastic horse has left black hoof marks on the top that can not be removed , and red play-dough stains it and is hard to clean off without removing paint . I wish I had known this when I bought it because we would have used some sort of a sealant on the paint to avoid this .
 We are enjoying this table . We had to order a center wooden piece because of the placement of the &#34; predrilled hole -RRB- . WE received the replacement the next day -LRB- KidCraft is a great business to work with -RRB- .
 This was exactly what I was looking for . It was a big hit with my daughter as well . I will have to say it took a lot longer to put together then I thought but I think that goes with anything you have to put together at home . I would have givenin it five stars if it was a little easier to put together .
 Got this for Christmas for grand daughters . Perfect size for them to do their own work but share together . Their mom loves it too !
 I bought this set as a Christmas Gift for my 1 year old daughter . Needless to say that when she woke up that morning the first thing she went to was this table and chair set made just for her size . I had to open most of her gifts because she did not want to get off the chair ! She drinks her juice with her little legs crossed like a lady and watches cartoons every morning on it . My 7 and 5 year old niece play tea time on it every time the sleep over . It 's very sturdy and easy to clean . I would most definitely recommend it for all the little princess ' out there . : -RRB-
 Although this table was a little difficult to put together -LRB- like the bars that hold the storage bins -RRB- it was WELL worth it ! It took me about 1 hour to assemble , chairs incuded . The table and chairs are so sturdy - not even the hint of a wobble or uneven surface . The table top is flush with the chair legs , I saw another reviewer say that theirs was not flush , mine is though . Very cute , great quality -LRB- seems like real wood to me ! -RRB- , and larger than I expected -LRB- which is a good thing ! -RRB- .
 This is a very sturdy set . Beautiful color a d great quality . My grand daughters love their new table . Thanks
 There are a lot of parts and pieces , which is a little daunting at first , but everything was labeled well and the instructions were easy to follow and it all went together like it was supposed to . It took about an hour and a half . The table and chairs are sturdy and well-made and finished well . It looks exactly like the picture when finished .
 My granddaughter loves it , it is perfeat for her and the storage under it perfect for her books and toys
 We got this for our 6 yr old daughter for Christmas and she now sits at it to do her artwork -LRB- which was what we wanted ! -RRB- . Also she is starting to do her homework at this table . We ca n't get her to leave the very convenient drawers where they belong yet , but that is n't a product misfunction , but a messy kid issue - lol . The table and chairs are very sturdy and a HUGE help in that she keeps all of her artwork at the table instead of all over my house ! It is also really cute in a subtle way because it is n't screaming bright colors , but fits nicely into her bedroom decor . I did n't give this product 5 stars only because we have only had it not quite a month , and i do n't think that is sufficient time to decide if it is going to hold up or not . However , at this point , if i had another kid her age , i would buy another one for that child 's room !
 We looked for a long time to find a table for our daughter 's room that would be a functional yet `` stylish '' addition to her room . We did n't want Dora or Disney Princess tables as that did n't match the rest of the furniture in her room . This table is perfect and I love the little bit of extra storage that the bins give you . She thinks she is `` so big '' now with her own table and chairs . Would highly recommend this !
 Nice design and good quality . Chairs are kid-size , but sturdy enough to hold an adult . My 2-year old daughter loves having tea parties at this table with me ! : -RRB-
 Wanted a chair set for my 18 month old daughter that she could be comfortable in now and for years to come . This is it ! Took about 20 minutes to set it up , and she is have a ball . Table top easily cleans of anything that gets spilled or written on it , and bins underneath are a great storage feature . We are very pleased !
 This is a very cute little table and chairs . My four year old granddaughter likes it very much . It appears to be sturdy enough to last for a few years . Shipping was expensive , almost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , that 's the only problem I had with the table set . Shipping cost was almost as much as the table set .
 I bought this table and chair set for my 2 year old neice for christmas . She loves it . It was very easy to put together -- easy to clean . Overall just a really beautiful piece of furniture .
 I had just purchased a new bed for my 2 year old granddaughter and felt we needed a table for her to play on . This table and chairs are perfect and as cute as can be . They may be just a little premature for my granddaughter as she is more likely to want to stand on the table than to work on it , but , hopefully , it will last for awhile . The cute storage compartments are also great , but not as much for a two-year old who takes things out of them and does n't put them back . Not only do I have problems with the 2 year old , but also I have problems with the puppy who does the same thing . My ADHD grandson has also already broken one of the chairs , but I think with normal wear and tear it would have held up well.I 'm glad I got this really cute ensemble , but I do realize my granddaughter wo n't appreciate it as much until she is possibly another year older .
 I bought this for my 18 month old daughter . She is able to get in and out of the chairs all by herself and loves sitting at the table and coloring . The chairs are very sturdy - enough for an adult to sit on - and the table cleans really easily . A Mr. Clean magic eraser wipes crayons off the table top without much effort . This was well worth the money and I think we will have it for years to come .
 There is ample space to do projects ... for my 6 year old daughter and myself . I can sit easily on one of the chairs ... at an average size of 5 ' 6 '' 160 lbs . -LRB- and no , I do n't mind listing that info ! -RRB- The storage bins are a great addition because when we are done , we put whatever it is in them . It really helps her to keep the table top clear and objects off the floor .
 The KidKaraft Heart Table and Chair Set was easy to put together and just perfect for my grandkids playroom . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the baskets were on both sides . My grandson 's father wished it came in different colors . : - -RRB-
 We purchased this for our 2 year old granddaughter . She loves it . It took my son and husband about 30-45 minutes to put together . They needed an additional allen wrench so they could work together . There are lots of screws , but well worth the effort . It is very sturdy , and my granddaughter likes to stand up on the chairs , so I was glad it was well constructed . It will last for many years , it has a washable surface , and she uses it for her play-doh and stamping and coloring . I can see her being able to do some homework on it as she get older . However , it is the perfect height for her at this age also .
 The top of the table is bigger than i thought it would be , which is great . There is plenty of room for 2 kids to color / play.The chairs were quick to assemble but the table is a little more complex with tons of allan head screws and some side screw thingies . They provide a manual allan wrench but you really need a screwdriver for the poles underneath the table . Luckily , I had some help or I would 've pulled my hair out.The chairs do hold the weight of an adult , like one reviewer said , but I would n't wan na test it too much . I mean they are sturdy but tiny.Washable crayons come off but only if you do it within an hour . Some was left on for about 5 hours and baby wipes and bleach wipes did n't take it all off . You could still faintly see it . However , I had just bought some Plexus to clean our plastic toys and thought I 'd try it on the table . It worked great - no more crayon whatsoever and it restores the manufacturer shine that the wipes slightly took away.I will write a review for Plexus when I take on the outside toys.Overall , this is well worth the price to me because my daughter loves it and I know it will last a long time .
 This table and chairs set is adorable , was very easy to put together , is steardy and of very good quality . We love it . Definitely would recommend it !
 Ordered this table 2 days ago . Love it!Pros : VERY sturdy!Easy to assemble , Easy directions , pre-made holes and screws fit perfectly!Chairs are a good height so an adult can sit as comfortable as one can sit on a toddler chair.The table is very wide . It is a rectangular shape , enough space for adult arms to rest elbows while coloring ! = -RRB- Good height for a 2 year old toddler.The heart design is adorable , the colors are like the photo , the white is very bright.Dont have to worry about fingers getting caught in hinges which is why i preferred this table over others.Four great cubbies for storage !!!! SUUUCHHHHHHH A GREAT IDEA !!!! Cons
 I love this table ! It was so easy to put together ! It took about 15 minutes.It is very cute and durable.My little girl got this for her first Birthday and she loves it . It is fun and well worth the money!Great for storage , too .
 THis table and chairs took about 2 hours to assemble , but the directions were fairly easy to understand . The table and chairs appear to be very good quality and sturdy . The bins are nice for extra storage . Our daughter-in-law picked it out and we were very happy with all aspects of it .
 Extremely well made , sturdy , and perfect for toddlers !!! The instructions are clear and easy to follow -LRB- but helps if you own a ratchet allen wrench , instead of the one included for assembly -RRB- .
 I am going to start with the only flaw in the entire product ... assembly ... their are 8 rods in the center of the table and all you have is an allen wrench to put it together and let me tell you is was PAIN . However , once the assembly was complete I dont think I could have been as happy with another table , the colors are beautiful -LRB- a little lighter than the picture -RRB- and it matches the kitchen my daughter has perfectly , the table and chairs are extremely sturdy and the little bins under the table are a godsend , like I said I couldnt be happier and I would buy and put it together all over again if I had to ... highly recommend .
 The set is great ! Make sure not to over tighten or you could split wood . Spindles on table are really hard to screw in , but chairs are a breeze to get together . I love this table and my very tall 2 year old does too ! I would def . get again !
 It was so hard to assemble this table chair set with just the wrench provided.Assembly could have been made easier . Putting the screws in those 8 wooden rods with bare hands was pain . Got blisters in my hand.The table and chairs looked good and sturdy after the assembly .
 It is a sturdy quality table and chair . Beautiful and my 2 year old absoultely love it ... It is easy to clean also.However , we had a bad time assemblin it with allen wrench . My hands are all sour but the end product was worth the pain ... It is definately not the easiest assembly or may be I was doing it wrong . . I used allen wrench ... not sure if there was another way .
 This is a great set with solid construction , easy to assemble and it looks beatiful . It also has great space and toy baskets underneath.My two girls -LRB- 4 & 2 -RRB- sure love it .
 I bought this for my 18 month old . She absolutely loves it . She plays with it everyday . Having tea with her babies , reading books , etc. . The chairs are a little too big for her to easily maneuver herself -LRB- but she 's on the shorter side -RRB- . The bins are great for tossing in smaller toys . The bins are n't quite as big as I hoped but it is a great alternative to purchasing a table & chairs and a toy box . I put the table together in a few -LRB- interrupted -RRB- hours with just the allan wrench and a screw driver . The table and chairs are very sturdy and very cute . I definitely recommend this product .
 I looked at a lot of table and chair sets before choosing this one . My grand daughters are 2 and 6 and I wanted something they both could use and would be durable . It was easy to put together . The finish is good and with 2 girls you ca n't go wrong with pink and lilac . It 's big enough for both of them to sit at and color . The bins underneath are handy for holding small items . I definitely would recommend this .
 My daughter loves Hello Kitty , and she loves having this hanging on her wall ! Great quality item for the price !
 Quality is not that great but will suffice and matches the theme of the room . The little butterflies are really cute but I kind of have an issue with the face of the hello kitty . It looks like it was made cheaply and not as cute as the picture . But I 'm pretty sure it 'll grow on me : -RRB- Oh and they have this along with the lamp and mobile that match it at Burlington Coat Factory so if you wan na take a look at the actual product before purchasing it that 's where you 'll find them . It 's basically the same price as Amazon unless of course if either store has a sale .
 I placed these on the wall next to my baby crib , she smiles everyday when she sees it , its beautiful . I 'm very happy with my purchase , 100 % recommend it .
 The pieces go great in my daughter 's nursery . I was skeptical at first because of the price , but it 's a perfect addition to the room . My 5 month old loves to look at Hello Kitty and smile and `` talk '' to her . It was easy to put up with the included hardware . Hello Kitty 's antennae were bent out of shape when it first arrived , but I easily reshaped it back .
 After opening the box we noted that the pieces seemed solid and well built . However , upon trying to put them on the wall as they show in the picture of the product where the butterflies are angled , that 's where things did n't go so well . The butterflies have a metal loop type hook on the back which does n't really allow for adjusting the angle of the pieces and they will hang more straight up and down than at an angle . We were able to get it to angle a little bit by just pushing it to the side a little and let friction keep it in place on the wall . However , they tend to naturally want to point straight up and down . You could put something on the back of the butterflies to stick them in place if necessary , but that 's a workaround to the problem . Other than that they look good in our daughter 's room .
 I bought this for my granddaughter who loves anything that is Hello Kitty . My son is in the military , and they have moved several times . They take the Hello Kitty decals with them , and so far they have stuck every time . I would recommend this product , and I would buy it again !
 great quality , my baby loves to look at the kitty , she smile to her and talk with her ! LOL it 's so funny .
 This product is very cute . It 's made out of wood -LRB- except for the wings and antenna -RRB- . It came with instructions and hardware to hang up the set on my wall as well . I love it !
 I ordered this to go along with my daughter 's Hello Kitty nursery theme and this one is a much better choice than the other Hello Kitty valance that 's available here on the site . It has more detail and gives the room a lot more character than the bland plaid one would . It 's a little pricey at 22.00 but it 's definitely worth it .
 This valence does n't over-do the Hello Kitty theme , but it adds a nice finishing touch to my daughter 's purple and green nursery . She notices Hello Kitty and tries to talk to her . I have this and the wooden wall decor up and it definitely adds to the room .
 So cute . I like this theme better than the current & previous Hello Kitty themes . It seems that most people go for pink in a little girl 's nursery ; I 'm glad to have a different choice .
 This has been so helpful through the various stages of breastfeeding - with engorgement when my milk first came in , then helped me get over mastitis , and finally , encourages let-down when I need to pump . I think that it works better as a hot compress , rather than a cold one , and it takes about 1 minute in a microwave to get it ready . It opens up for a great fit , and has lasted me for 4 months with no signs of wear . I highly recommend this for all new moms !!
 This is such a great product . These were so great in the beginning when your milk is first coming in . I could not live without these . You just pop them in the microwave for a minute or two and apply them . They are also great if you deal with issues like mastitis or plugged ducts . I think that they can also be used as mini heating pads which I have also done . I highly recommend these .
 I discovered these when nursing my second son and they are truly genius . Yes , they are filled with something similar to other non-gel heat pack products you can buy at your local drugstore . The main difference here is the shape . They are perfect for any size chest -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- because the coil shape is expandable . Before these , I was cramming this giant bean pack down my shirt and trying to strap it on long enough to benefit from the heat . The tubes fit right into your bra and truly do make a clogged duct situation a little less horrifying . OH , and they produce a ` wet heat ' which is the best kind .
 These are soft and easy to warm in the microwave . I wish I would have found these sooner ! Great for breastfeeding ! I like these so much better than the gel soothies that are sold by other companies .
 I bought the Booby Tubes becacuse my milk supply was going down ... Before my son was born I knew I wanted to breastfeed and my goal is to make it to one year . When my son was 3 months old I went back to work full time . I breastfeed him when I am home and he drinks pumped milk when I am working . I pump 3 times a day when I am at work and after about a month and a half of doing this I noticed that my milk supply was dwindling . So , after reading the reviews , I decided to give Booby Tubes a try and I am so glad that I did . I pop them in the microwave and put them on as I am getting my breast pump ready . I leave them on while I am pumping and I am pumping twice as much as I was right before I tried the tubes . I have now been using them for a couple of weeks and am pumping plenty of milk for my beautiful baby boy !
 I love these things . So soothing and so comfy inside a tank after you microwave them . I 'm so sad , because I put them in the washing machine . I was n't thinking -- I did it last minute in my sleep deprived state , and they will SPROUT ! Just do n't machine wash them , and you 'll be happy you bought them .
 I used these a ton during the first 3-4 months after birth . They were great warm AND cold . I used them initially to help with engorgement and then again during a bout of mastitis . After that I used them often to help keep mastitis at bay until my milk regulated itself -LRB- which did n't happen until about 14 weeks or so -RRB- . These were invaluable to me during those 14 weeks .
 Going back to work brought me away from nursing every couple hours and created less time for me to pump , which caused my breasts to become swollen and sore . I pop these in the mircrowave before I nurse for relief and freeze them when I am in pain . I think these are the best gift for any nursing mom , because they are discreet , fit inside a bra and such great relief !
 I purchased these when I got a clogged duct that no amount of nursing would clear . The are so easy to use and stay warmer better than a bath cloth in hot water . They save me from a second mastitis and help with milk let down .
 These are really soft and comfortable , but they dont hold the heat or cold very long . I do like that you can use them for either hot or cold , though .
 Excellent for breast feeding moms . Has been very helpful for nursing my daughter - product encourages let-down . For my large breasts , this is very helpful , as achieving complete let down was quite an issue before .
 I used it a couple of times , it has nice cooling effect . I used it when i had my 3rd baby and did n't have that much nipple soreness etc. i wish i had knwn thesethings wwhen i had my 1st baby when i had so much trouble breatfeeding , the first 40 days was a nightmare back then . Doest attach to the breast , easy to apply . No gels.just keep in the refrigerator and use it !
 I ordered these when I had my first bout of mastitis . With such good reviews , I thought , `` why not '' ? I 'm glad I found these ! Last week I had yet another plugged duct on its way to being mastitis . I used these - warm/hot before and during the pumping session -LRB- if breastfeeding , then just before -RRB- and a cold one afterwards to decrease the swelling . It worked . I am now plugged duct free ... For now . I 'm now taking Lecithin to `` hopefully '' help the duct problem . But if it does n't , I can rely on my booby tubes .
 these are great for helping with plugged ducts . And they fit right into your nursing bra , but do n't go out with them on .
 These are great . I have vasospasms related to Raynaud 's disease and pumping has really made it worse . I use these after each pump session and they feel so good . I 've had less breast pain between pumping sessions as a result .
 I think all breastfeeding moms should have one of these . Just put it on microwave for 20-40 sec and it is ready to use . If you prefer to use it cold just stuck it to the freezer.Due to its flexibility it can be easy used for baby as well .
 This is so easy to use and the way it 's constructed , safe for your skin as when you do hot compresses -LRB- before feeds -RRB- it wo n't burn your skin , and after feeds when you do cold compress , it is n't freezingly so . My only complaint is that sometimes the beads accumulate in certain areas so there are sections that are ` beadless ' ie those sections then ca n't transmit heat or cold .
 i love it but , i ordered my normal size fits just a lil too big always adjusting my self that can get annoying . these bras are made of top heavey woman .
 That 's what you use this for ? I got these as a gift without the box and I just pop these suckers in when my girl need a lift before I go out on the town . Everyone loves touching my boobies when I wear them and it adds protection to my cargo ! Plus , it feels great when someone is trying to lick you with these things on . I would highly recommend this product to anyone , breast feeding or not !
 These booby tubes are AMAZING !! they are super quick to heat up , and have so many uses . I have used them when my breast are sore from when m son is going through a growth spurt and nurses constantly , I also use them when I am a little engorged and need some added help getting my milk to flow . My son often gets very gassy and I even heat them up a little and place them on his tummy , they are the perfect size for a baby belly and they always calm him right down . He loves them just as much as I do . Sometimes with these heated products , there can sometimes be a smell , but these do not have a smell at all , or at least not one that I have noticed . They are well worth the investment , and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I bought the Earth Mama Angel Baby booby tubes for myself when I had my son , and am very glad I did . I 've since given them as gifts to other mamas-to-be . You can either put them in the freezer or pop them in the microwave for 30 seconds . You can also heat them in the oven if you do n't have a microwave . As cold packs they were great for engorgement . As heating pads they were great for encouraging let down and soothing clogged ducts . They are super soft and comfy , do n't get too hot or too cold , and are the perfect shape . The only negative is that you have to be pretty careful not to get them wet or dirty . You can use them for damp heat and you can gently spot clean them , but they are n't really totally washable . But I love them and definitely could n't do without them - they still get pretty frequent use six months into breastfeeding .
 I ordered these before I started breastfeeding for clogged milk ducts . A week into breastfeeding they clogged up , it took a few days of consistent pumping to clear the clogs . The heated booby tubes made pumping more productive than pumping without heat . I usually do n't take the time to review products but I am so grateful I had to say something . It really made me sad when I could n't get enough milk out to feed my baby . Note to new moms , if your baby takes long naps , start pumping to prevent clogs .
 I ordered one of these to help with breastfeeding . They heat up pretty well and do well in the freezer , and they are generally pretty environmentally friendly . My only criticism is that you really need 2 sets . Ideally , you heat them up and put them on prior to breastfeeding , so stimulate milk let-down . Then you put a cold set on , after feeding , to help soothe . But with one set , it does n't really work to heat it up , wear them , take them off and remember to put them in the freezer , breastfeed , and then have them cold enough to wear afterwards . It 'd be better to have one set to use for heat and one for cold . In all , I found them generally helpful , but really only used them in the beginning , and now they just sit in the freezer .
 I ordered these for my third child , i had used the NUK gel hot/cold packs wiht my last child , and they worked great up unitl i accidently exploded the darn things in the microwave , wich ended up making me have to stop BFing , i was pumping mostly with my last child and using extrememly hot compresses around the breastshield while pumping was the only way i could get enoughb milk out . I found these and wanted to give them a try as i figured i ca n't explode these ones in the microwave and they are about the same price as the nuk ones -LRB- wich actuly seem to be almost disposable quality -RRB- theseare wonderful i mist them before microwaving them i can get them as hot as i want , allthough they do n't stay as hot for aas long as the gel ones by nuk I do n't have to worry if i forget them in the microwave . plus i plan on continuing using these after i am done BFing they make great littel hot/cold packs for booboos and stuff -LRB- i have a 2 and 3 year old as well -RRB- so these fit great around littel legs and arms , my husband has even used them around his neck for his stiff neck . over all i would very much recomend these to any mom who is olanning on pumping at all .
 Nursing was terribly painful the first week , and these were my savior . I froze them to wear cold between feedings , and warmed them in the microwave to soften my breasts right before feeding . These would make a great gift for a new mommy .
 I bought two sets as other reviewers suggested . I kept one set in the freezer in a ziplock bag and the others I had on hand to warm in the microwave . I would use the warm ones before feeding my daughter and they really helped , and I liked the scent of them . I then used the cool ones afterwards or whenever my breast felt sore . After I stopped breast feeding I passed these on to a friend and she loves them as well .
 I had terrible issues with my flow rate . Using these helped a lot . Simply warm them up , and wrap them around your breast . These tubes do not fit larger breasts very well . I am only able to focus the warmth near the nipple area . This works well for me , but may not work so well for others . You also have the option of using both tubes on one breast . They are a great price , and really useful . If you plan to breast feed put these on your registry . I gave the product 4 stars because it is really helpful , despite my large breasts , and also nice as a simple heating pad . I used it on my neck after giving birth to loosen my muscles a bit .
 I 've only used these when they 're cold , but I bet they work great heated up too . If I 'm sore after nursing , I just pull them out of the freezer and stick them in my bra for about 20 minutes . They 're the perfect temp - cool enough to soothe but not so cold that I get freezer burn . I recommend them !
 I first used this when my second son was born . It worked so well especially when I was just so engorged , it really helped relieve the pain . After I was done breast feeding , this worked well as a cold compress for when my kids needed a cold pack . It was nice and soft to the touch and formed to the head where the bump was perfectly ! Unfortunately , my first set got misplaced when we moved , but thankfully found some on Amazon . I ordered them right away because we are expecting our 3rd son : -RRB-
 I registered for and received the Booby Tubes for one of my baby showers . My daughter is now 15 weeks old and I only just used them for the 1st time . I awoke with what I assume were clogged ducts on one side -LRB- i.e. hardness and pain near my underarm area -RRB- . I used one Booby Tube as directed -- heated in microwave for 15 seconds and placed on affected area , under nursing tank , before feeding my daughter . The time between using the Booby Tube and nursing was probably about 30 minutes -LRB- not the `` 5 minutes before feeding '' as indicated on the box -RRB- . By the time my daughter was finished eating on that side , the clogged ducts were no longer clogged . -LRB- RELIEF ! -RRB- NB . I had tried to alleviate the clogged ducts by feeding-only , prior to using the Booby Tube . I thought perhaps simply feeding her on the affected side would be effective , but it was not . -RRB- I will definitely be recommending this product to my friends .
 Bra size
 I used these back when I was nursing my daughter in 2010 , and they really felt good but did n't stay hot or cold very long . They were great cold versus the gel packs because those , in my opinion , are too cold -LRB- kind of painfully cold -RRB- ... but I wish on the hot ` setting ' that they would stay hot longer . I think after about 3 minutes they felt room temp again - and you can only microwave them so much at once without burning your skin off or making the seeds inside burst . Overall , I liked them .
 Helps me to increase the volume I pump which is invaluable . Also , they just feel nice.I will be buying these for all my expecting friends !
 I keep getting plugged ducts and these help so so much . I have used them for months and only wish I had gotten them sooner . Definitely worth the $ .
 Wonderful product . Have n't actually used it as much as I thought thoughl , but definitely recommend getting these at the beginning of your nursing journey so that you can use them at the time when they will benefit you most . Love that they are natural and can frozen and warmed up for either healing purposes and to encourage let down .
 I ordered these tubes to help reduce breastfeeding pain . They felt so good when heated . Almost instant relief . I have n't tried them cold yet .
 I had several clogged ducts when I first started nursing/pumping and this helped to ease the pain , and along with pumping , helped to get me unclogged . I used them warm , but will continue to use them for many years to come as `` boo boo '' ice packs .
 I bought a bunch of nursing things while I was still pregnant , hoping everything would go well and it would n't be a waste of money . I 'm SO GLAD I bought these ahead of time . I started wearing them day one when I was still really sore trying to get nursing down , and I 've been wearing them every day since -LRB- 3 weeks ago -RRB- . I like them heated rather than cold , but I usually wear them as is without heating . They do absorb milk and I 'm not sure if I 'm getting them really clean by wiping them with a damp cloth , but I absolutely could n't live without these .
 A friend recommended this to me . I did n't use it initially but once I did ~ I wish I had used it from the start . It helps with the letdown process and worked amazingly !
 This product really helps with let down of full breasts and helps with the production of milk . I love how easy it is to pop into the microwave and place on your breasts . It smells a little funny , since its natural flax . I already told other friends about this and think that its a good to have for breast feeding moms . So glad I stumbled upon it on amazon and decided to try it !
 These are awesome ! I get lots of pains in my breasts and it really helps soothe them . Also I got a blocked duct and I used these several times a day for a couple days and it made it go away , thank goodness . Now I use them once a day to help prevent blocked milk ducts .
 These are really comfortable and soothing ! Things that would make them better would be if they were a little larger and also if they stayed cold longer .
 I got these as part of my registry and thankfully , I have n't needed them up to this point -LRB- my son is 10 months -RRB- . I have been warned that once the weaning process begins , mastitis is more common and I will keep them until I stop nursing , J-I-C ! I love everything else from Earth Mama Angel Baby that I have tried so no reason I would n't like this product too !
 Love this product ! Perfect for warming in the microwave and using to soothe/loosen plugged milk ducts . I have bought these for gifts for friends that are mothers to be . The warming also helps with milk let down .
 Earth Mama Angel Baby Booby Tubes , 1 SetThese booby Tubes rock ! . . LOVE that you can use them for both hot and cold . They are amazing and last a good 7-10 minutes when hot and at least 10-15 when cold . Love them !
 I needed these to assist me in unplugging my ducts and they were very helpful!Warmed them in the microwave for 45 sec or so and wrapped them around my breast with the nursing bra keeping them in place.Loved the natural smell and have purchased teas from EMAB and would continue to do so
 Some background
 First of all I love that it 's made with organic properties . I 'm all about natural products . Booby Tubes really helped me when I had engorgement , they instantly helped me relax . And also helped with clogged milk ducts ! Sometimes it 's hard to heat them in the microwave and either not heat them enough or over heat them . But that 's the microwave . The product itself sustains heat well and are very comfortable to wear . I 'd forget they were even in my bra . They are n't bulky or show through at all . At least with my bras/shirts . I highly recommend !
 These work exactly as described . Very soothing for sore breasts . You can place them directly on skin from your freezer without added discomfort from the cold . These really helped me get through the first painful weeks of breast feeding .
 I bought these Booby Tubes towards the end of pregnancy . I had read a lot of reviews and thought these might come in handy with nursing . Thank goodness that I bought them . They have been a lifesaver.This is my first child , so it is my first time nursing . It can be great and it can be painful . I bought 2 sets
 This product is just indispensable ! I am nine days into breastfeeding and I am so glad that I ordered them before giving birth , so that I had them ready when I got home from the hospital . I have just ordered a second set , because that way I can have one pair in the freezer for after feeding and one pair ready to go in the microwave for a warm compress prior to feeding . When I finish a feeding session , I ca n't wait to get the ones out of the freezer for relief . They feel so good ! And I think they have really helped me avoid too much discomfort with engorgement.The only cons with the Tubes are that they are not quite big enough to go all the way around each breast , and that they are not really washable , but so far I have not had any issues with getting milk or lanolin on them.If you are getting ready to breastfeed or already breastfeeding and experiencing discomfort , order these NOW !
 ** pre-baby review ** I 'm expecting our first in June and purchased these for the soreness I 've been experiencing due to EXTREME growth ! I keep them in the freezer and just pop them in my bra when I 'm feeling sore . They feel amazing ! My only complaint is that they warm up quite quickly . I have a feeling this is due to the natural filling so I really ca n't complain . -LRB- And they freeze back quickly as well -RRB- . I do not have experience on how they will help with breastfeeding , but I 'm guessing they will be quite helpful!Also , I love this company ! They make high quality natural mom and baby products . They are eco and socially responsible .
 I am new to breastfeeding and babies in general , so we bought these prior to giving birth . I have n't really used them too much . Technically you could achieve the same result with a warm damp towel , but then you 'd be wet . You could also make your own with rice and sock , but that can get messy . The shape of these is useful and they are small enough to wear tucked into my tank top . When I have had a clogged duct , they have helped to make it go away in a shorter amount of time . I do n't know if they are necessary but they are helpful !
 Excellent product ! Got me through the first few days when my milk was first coming in and I was always engorged . Also help relieved clogged ducts . Now I use them cooled for relief in between feeding my twins !
 These are great ! I keep getting mastitis from breastfeeding my little one . When I feel it coming on , I heat one up and place it on my breast . It helps relieve some of the discomfort . Also great for letting your milk supply down .
 Much easier than having to warm up water and then doing compresses ... I never used the frozen remedy but I 'm sure it would 've felt good ...
 this is one of the best products i bought to help w breast feeding it helps ease engorgement and helps w milk let down when pumping wish i had it found out about them sooner
 The Earth Mama Angel Baby Booby Tubes are a great product . I ordered them for the pain associated with breastfeeding . I usually use them frozen and they help a lot with engorgement . You can also use them in the microwave for the milk letdown . This is a must-have product for breastfeeding moms !
 Nursing moms , you might want to have a pair of these on hand in case you get mastitis or a clogged duct . They are perfect and wrap around you - with or without a bra . You can use them cold or hot . They are amazing !
 These are amazing . I wish I had them for my first child , but I only had them for my second !! Wonderful for engorgement and helping for let down with pumping . Love these things !
 Of all the items purchased off of my baby registry this is probably the one thing I 've used most often ! When my son was first born , we kept it in our bedroom . It holds 2 bottles in the cooler and heats them up individually in a matter of 1-2 minutes . All you have to do is pour in a little water and press a button , very easy to do even at 3:00 in the morning when you can barely see straight . The little tubes that it comes with make it even easier because you can set everything up beforehand . It 's light weight which makes it easy to travel with as well . I could n't even imagine what I would do without it . My sister-in-law liked it so much , she bought one even though she was used to using another .
 This bottle warmer is awesome ! We started by running downstairs in the middle of the night to heat up a bowl of water and then wait for the bottle to slowly heat up . What a pain ! This bottle warmer is a lifesaver ! It keeps the bottle cool and then warms it in a matter of seconds . The only thing that would make this better is if it had a refrigerated part that was n't dependent upon an ice pack , but this is obviously not possible . I highly recommend - you wo n't be sorry !
 I have to agree with the other reviewer who uses Dr. Brown 's bottles - make sure to take the cap and tube off the bottle when using the warmer ! I wish I had read this before I had boiling formula leaking all over the place ! I do not know what it is about the Dr. Brown 's bottles , but if you do n't take off the cap and tube , they WILL boil over . And it STINKS , not to mention that you 've wasted formula , and created a nasty mess.Even with this issue , we have been very happy with the warmer . A lifesaver if you have a 2-story - it 's so great not to have to go down to my kitchen every night - especially since my son still gets up twice in the night to eat . If you follow the directions on how much water to use , the formula ends up at just the right temp.On the whole a great product , I just hope you other Dr. Brown 's users out there read this before trying to figure out why your bottles keep boiling over !
 I received this warmer as a shower gift , and it is definitely my favorite present ! My baby is 3 months old and I started bottle feeding once I went back to work a month ago . This warmer saves me from having to go downstairs to warm a bottle in the middle of the night . She is only taking 4 oz . right now , so it heats her bottles in just 2 minutes . I highly recommend it to anyone who bottle feeds.The only negative thing I can say about it is that the ice pack that comes with the warmer thaws too quickly . It 's just a plastic container that you fill with water and freeze . I use a different ice pack in the cooler to keep the bottle cold all night .
 If you have two floors in your home this is essential . My husband and I agree that this is probably our favorite baby item because it has made night feedings much easier . No , this product is not perfect but the pros of it being SO convenient make it great . At 2am the thought of having to go downstairs with eyes half shut and fumbling around for things does n't sound fun and this product eliminates that aspect of middle of the night feedings . We use the Avent 4 & 9oz bottles and they fit perfectly . I debated this before the baby because of a few negative reviews but would not go without it now .
 After constantly awaking to hear my now 19 month old screaming , I can honestly say I purchased this with the new baby , because I can not tell you how many sleepless nights I have had after walking up and down the stairs constantly!My baby is going to be 3 months on the 26th , and this bottle warmer helps TREMENDOUSLY ! I have the baby in our room as of now , and I use Avent bottles , and they work perfectly.I can place two bottles -LRB- whether they are filled with formula , or breastmilk -RRB- in the cooling compartment , BUT unlike the picture shows -LRB- misleading -RRB- I wouldnt keep a third bottle , because it isnt kept cold . After warming bottles for months , I can almost move the bottle from the cooler to the warmer with my eyes shut , and I usually do!After pouring the correct amount of water in -LRB- I dont use the measuring cups anymore , as I just use a bottle of water next to my bed and estimate , now that I know -RRB- you can start to heat up the bottle . The bottle warms in about 5 minutes , well depending on how much formula you are using . It also seems very safe , although I can not brake the motherly habbit of checking the temperature anyway . I also happen to like that most any 4-8 oz bottle will fit.If you think YOU are the only one sleeping better because of this -LRB- without the commotion of going downstairs , I dont wake up and can go right to sleep -RRB- your wrong . It keeps my baby asleep -LRB- takes a short while for him to get what he needs -RRB- and my husband asleep -LRB- who can now take over the `` nighttime feeding '' shifts ! -RRB- . It makes sure everyone is sleeping , and I dont wake my toddler down the hall by climbing up and down the stairs.I think every mother should register for a bottle warmer , and preferably this one ! Its designed very well , and I will defiantly keep it , or pass it onto another mother . A great item in baby gear !
 If you register for nothing you MUST register for this . Especially if you are formula feeding . THis is fantastic . Absolutely easy to use , the cooler keeps bottles cold all night . The only issue you have is to work out how much water you need to heat your bottles . Start with the lowest recommended and then just work your way up . not that hard at all . If you have a 2 floor homr you will love not heading to the kitchen to get or heat a bottle . I truly recommend this product . It is fantastic . 5 stars if the water bottles were a little easier to use and fill .
 If you have a two story home you must have this . We just get it all set up before bed -LRB- 2 bottles , insert the ice pack , fill the water vials -RRB- . Then when my son wakes up at 3 am and 6 am I put the bottle on to warm while I change his diaper . By the time I have him changed the bottle is warmed perfectly . I do n't even have to turn on a light to do it which means my son stays sleeply and goes right back to bed after he eats . As an added bonus I save myself the trip up and down the stairs.One suggestion
 This has been one of the best gifts that we received for our son ! Although we are breastfeeding , there are times when we bottle feed breastmilk . This item is a lifesaver . The directions are so easy and the unit has everything you need ! We add two bottles to the cooler compartment and fill the water tubes before we go to sleep . Let me tell you that at 3:00 am , being able to just dump the water in the warmer and add the bottle is a real plus . Even with just the light of a nightligt , it is easy to use . This ease of use means that we can complete the feeding and get back to sleep in minimum time . I love the safety feature of the auto shut-off and you will be amazed at just how quickly it works . In addition , being able to use it for a variety of bottles , milk storage bags and even baby food jars makes it a product that grows with your baby .
 When my daughter was first born we lived on a one story condo so it was n't hard to go to the kitchen to warm up the bottle . Well we moved and we did n't want to go downstairs in the middle of the night to warm up the bottle so we up this in the bathroom . It was so nice because we could keep the bottle cold for up to 8 hours and then warm it up so easily . I would recommend this to anyone !!!
 I have seen these in the past , but lived in a single-story apartment with my first two babies and the kitchen was close enough I did n't need one . When I was expecting my third baby , we were in a two-story with all the bedrooms upstairs . I did n't want to go downstairs at night , so I looked for one of these . After scouring the local stores -LRB- they did n't carry them -RRB- , I ordered this one off Amazon.When I ended up having a C-section , I was so glad to have this!It works wonderfully ! If you want the bottle warmer/cooler , just adjust the amount of water you put in up/down . We like ours just room temperature to avoid risk of it being too hot , but not shock the baby with freezing cold formula . The table in the instructions gives the right amount of water for a room temperature bottle.It 's great to keep this by the bed . I just have my husband stock it before taking the kids out , and I can stay in bed with baby and nap & recover , and still be able to feed him if he gets hungry.You can order extra ice packs -LRB- or so says the instructions -RRB- . My only wish would be that it came with two to start with .
 This product is great for night feedings . I used with playtex nurser bottles/inserts . The one thing I do however is check the temp of the formula while the light is still on and the warmer is still going . There have been times when the formula has gotten too warm . Other than that , this product helps to avoid making those 3:00 am trips to the kitchen or bathroom to make/warm up a bottle .
 We just had a new baby boy and I feel like a new mother ! My older son is now 14 years old and boy have baby products changed since then ! I seriously considered comments and reviews when deciding which items I wanted , which I could live without , and what was an absolute must have . So I hope you find my review just as helpful when deciding on your purchase . I call this bottle warmer one of the best purchases we 've made so far ! I read the mixed reviews on this product before purchasing it and I 'm glad I ignored all the negative reviews . I quickly learned that the problem with those used was n't the product , it might have been `` user error '' . I have found this warmer to be extremely easy to use . The trick is to play with the warmer and get the water levels right before attempting to use it . So far we use it daily and it 's always heated consistantly and quickly -LRB- 1-2 mins max -RRB- . I still ALWAYS shake the bottle and check the temp before giving it to my son !
 We bought this warmer early on , when it became clear that formula supplementation was going to be a big part of our future.Once we established how much water to add for each of our two sizes of bottles , the warmer worked consistently and quickly -LRB- about 2 minutes to heat ; maybe a little longer if the bottle is very full -RRB- . It 's also easy to manipulate with one hand , especially if the vials are loaded with water beforehand . It 's turned warming baby formula into a no-brainer , which is quite nice at 2:00 AM!One caveat
 I bought this warmer when my son was almost a week old . After getting virtually NO sleep for a week , this bottle warmer became a great investment . Instead of having to go downstairs to my kitchen to prepare bottles in the middle of the night , I now store the bottles in this warmer and heat them up , feed the baby , and go back to sleep . No more traveling up and down stairs . I absolutely love this warmer , and I find that it always seems to get the bottles to just the right temperature . This was a great buy !!!
 I 'm on my THIRD one of these because of parts breaking and last night the blasted cooler top broke again ! I honestly LOVE this product despite it 's cheap manufacturing and have recommended to many other friends but will also recommend to buy the $ 3 warranty plan through Babies R Us as well because you may go through a few of them as I have.I also use the Dr. Brown 's bottles and concur with many others that all you need to do is unscrew top 1/4 turn and all is well .
 This is one of the greatest inventions ever !!!!!!! It saves time and sanity !! I just drop the bottle in , and usually by the time I 'm done changing my daughter 's diaper , I have a warm bottle!I am also a Dr. Brown 's bottle user . So you have to leave the top off . There is no need to take out the tube as long as the top is off . You just need a place for the air to escape.It is definitely worth the 2 seconds it takes to screw on the top !!
 My children are 12 years apart and I wish they would have had this item with my first . It is so easy to use and makes those middle of the night feedings just a little more tolerable . If you get into a routine
 This is very useful and it heats up bottles quickly and easily . Like the other reviewers stated , it is quite convenient ! We take it when we travel and it is quite helpful since we do not have to leave our room in the middle of the night to warm a bottle . The only small negative is that the cooler is n't attached and makes it harder to transport .
 This product is a must have for new moms ! It 's quick and easy . Warming the bottle -LRB- I use Avent bottles -RRB- takes about 2-3 minutes , depending on how many ozs your warming up.When traveling away from home I use the Quick Serve Bottle Warmer , the smaller version .
 I do like the bottle warmer . I only gave it 4 stars because it takes a bit to figure out exactly how much water to put in and if you are a bit off and need to add more ... you have to wait . I always microwave some water just incase I do n't get it warm enough ... and if I get it too warm , then the waiting game comes into play . I have n't used the cooling system yet because I am sitll nursing at night , but it would definitely be nice to have in the room than having to go to the kitchen to get a bottle . Overall , I do like this product . It 's a nice extra .
 I really like this bottle warmer . It heats up the bottles well . It gets 4 stars because I think it takes way too long to heat up a bottle . My son screams waiting for the warmer to get done . I have also never used the cooler . In my opinion to me it 's just as easy to grab a bottle out of the fridge . It is a nice warmer though and I would recommend it to others just as long as their baby is patient enough to wait the minute or mintue and a half that it takes to warm up the bottle .
 thanks ... ur service is appreciated . . but it coasts alot for shipping ... plzzz make the price alittle bet lower ... best wishes ...
 We thought we did n't need one but after boiling water and dunking the bottle for what seemed like eternity , this saved our life . It is fast AND accurate .
 THIS PRODUCT IS SAFE , CLEAN AND EASY TO USE . I USED MY MICROWAVE AND STOVE TOP TO BOIL WATER - WHAT A WASTE OF TIME , ESPECIALLY WHEN IT IS 3AM AND YOU CANT EVEN SEE WHERE YOU ARE GOING . THIS PRODUCT IS SO SIMPLE TO USE AND FAST . TRUST ME GIRLS . I LIVE BY THIS PRODUCT AND SO MANY OF MY FRIENDS HAVE PURCHASED IT TOO . WHEN THEY COME OVER WITH THEIR CHILDREN AND THEY SEE ME USE THE FIRST YEARS BOTTLE WARMER - THE ARE LIKE `` WOW '' IT 'S READY ALREADY - THATS FAST AND SO SIMPLE . I URGE YOU TO TRY THIS PRODUCT - YOU WILL LOVE IT .
 i got two bottle warmers from two different people , this one and the quick serve bottle warmer from the same manufacturer . when it comes to heating bottles both are phenomenal -- it heats evenly and effciently . but i really recommend getting the quick serve bottle warmer because i found no use for the cooler the night & day bottle warmer came with and i believe that is the only difference between the two -LRB- and that the quick serve is a few dollars cheaper -RRB- . the quick serve bottle warmer also takes up less space -LRB- since it doesnt come with a cooler -RRB- . i also found no use for having two measuring cups -- it 's not like i 'm gon na be heating up two bottles at the same time . what i do like better about the night & day bottle warmer is the safety feature that prevents overheating -LRB- it wo n't turn on if 10 minutes have n't passed in between bottle heatings -RRB- , although i think most people can just time it themselves . a complaint i have for the two bottle warmers is that the lines on the measuring cups can get easily scratched off , just mainly from me lightly touching it on a daily basis . mine started coming off within only a month of using it .
 After reading mostly all of the reviews on the site , I have come to the conclusion that more than half of the people writing the reviews are either really stupid or dumb , which I have not figured that out yet . First off , Most of the complaints about the machine have to do with the inability of the user to properly use the machine , at no fault to the machine mind you . First example the Vent Aire bottles are not made to be used with a bottle warmer , it says so in the literature with the bottles . And the inability of people to get the right amount of water right has nothing to do with the inability of the machine , it is just a matter of trial and error . Thirdly , as for the Dr. Bottles of the 8oz . variety not fitting the machine , that is again not the machines fault , just use the wide 8oz bottle , and they fit like a charm . There are a few more minor complaints that can be attributed to the machine , but they are minor . All of the negative complaints came from the users unability to properly use the machine , so If you are reading this read carefully the reviews above , espicially the negative ones and you will see what I am talking about .
 Great product ... it really simplifies and speeds up bottle preparation . Even though we ended up rarely using bottles , I do n't regret this purchase for the reason that it makes the times we DO use bottles much easier . Cooler is convenient at night , and the warmer takes all guesswork and hassle out of preparing the bottle . No complaints .
 I LOVE this product ! I have a 4 week old preemie , and I supplement with formula when my breastmilk supply is low . I never thought I would use a warmer before ... with my first daughter I ran warm water over bottles in the bathroom while I changed her diapers and kept my hubby awake ... the water in the bathroom takes forever to get warm ... so I thought I would try out a warmer this time around.Well , I love that it takes so little time to heat the bottles ! I would just suggest to the company some things ... I would suggest that they figure out a way to keep the bottles cooler longer !!!! NO matter what I do-by 4 am the bottle is not cool !! Perhaps figure out a way to make it a mini fridge compartment OR be able to refridge the whole compartment because only 1 side of the bottle gets cool enough ! I would also say to make the warmer chart easier to read on both the little bottle measurers and a pullout chart to make reading it at night easier !!!! But overall - I LOVE the warmer-its so quick and very quiet ! My hubby is grateful too !!!
 This is a wonderful must-have . I was given this as a shower gift and it has been a lifesaver . We use it anytime we need to heat up a bottle , day or night . We prefer to use it instead of heating the bottle in the microwave , but sometimes the bottles get too hot , and that is probably because we may have put a little too much water in the measuring tube . But most of the time , they are just right . We simply pour the water into the warmer unit , put in a bottle , and while we are changing her diaper , the bottle is heating . By the time we are done changing her diaper , the bottle is ready . We just keep the warmer in her room for convenience . In the beginning we used , the cooler , but we kept forgetting to put the ice pack back in the freezer after she 'd taken the 2nd bottle , so now we just use it for the warmer and it has truly worked out really good for us .
 I bottle fed my newborn from the beginning , and did n't buy a bottle warmer at first . It was a pain going up and down the stairs , and I found this warmer based on others reviews . Since then -LRB- baby is 5 weeks old -RRB- nighttime feedings are smooth . Put the bottle in the warmer while changing baby 's diaper , and then bottle is ready to go .
 We got this because of all the reviews we read . We really like it and are very pleased with the results . Only issue is sometimes the milk comes out a little warmer then we prefer but by trial and error we have figured out what level to put the water at to get a bottle at the tempature we like .
 I was n't sure I was going to need this , but boy am I glad I registered for it ! This is a genius product ; especially if you do n't want to go up and down the stairs in the middle of the night to reach your kitchen . Even if you have a one level home , once you use it you 'll wonder why other people spend time warming up bottles in microwaves 10 seconds at a time , or with hot water from the sink . We have not experienced any burns or overheating . We use the Avent bottles and follow the guidelines for water amount to use that come with the instructions , if you stick to the chart you can not go wrong . If you do n't understand the chart -LRB- which is so easy my 6 year old could figure it out ! -RRB- then that 's when you 'll get an over or under heated bottle . Simply follow the instructions and it 's dummy-proof . Even my mother who 's old fashioned and anti new era raves about this item . The only thing that I do n't see is that on this site , this product is described with a night light , but my model does not have such night light -- would be nice to have , but I already had a night light , so I did n't need another one . Kudos to First Years !
 I LOVE this bottle warmer . I can do everything right at my bedside , so I do n't have to run up and down the stairs . It holds two bottles and keeps them cold throughout the night , and I keep a bottle of water beside it to fill the little water vials . You put the water in these pre-measured vials , and when it 's time for your little one to eat , you pour a vial into the warmer , drop the bottle in and turn it on . In about a minute , you have a toasty bottle for baby ! I used Gerber , Avent and Medela bottles , and all worked perfectly . I recommended it to my two sisters-in-law , and they loved it for bottles and baby food jars , too !
 I had mixed feelings about getting this warmer since it was getting so-so reviews . However , I have it set up in the bathroom next to the nursery and have been using prior to each feeding to warm up refrigerated EBM.I use both Dr. Brown 's wideneck bottles -LRB- 4 oz and 8 oz sizes -RRB- and have a few Avent 9 oz bottles as well . The Dr. Brown 's fit perfectly and while the Avent bottles are little wider in the base , the warmer seems to get the job done quickly . The best thing is that I do n't have to worry about overheating my bottles or wondering if the temperature is just right . My bottles come out the same temperature each time and when you 're sleepy in the middle of the night , the less you have to think , the better -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . I have yet to use the cooler section because I keep my EBM downstairs in the fridge , but it seems like a handy feature / capability . All in all , I would highly recommend this warmer ... it definitely makes life easier and makes warming bottles quick and thought-free .
 I ended up with a c-section and have a very tall , pillow top bed . I am two weeks out now and still have trouble getting on and off the bed at night . With this product , the bottles are right next to me , ready to go and I do n't have to even get up off the bed ! I have both baby and bottles bedside ! Priceless , now that my husband is back to work ... he does n't have to get up and get me anything!Also , my son got used to room temp bottles in the hospital and i 've found that this warms them to just that . . perfect for him !
 We bought this warmer early on , when it became clear that formula supplementation was going to be a big part of our future.Once we established how much water to add for each of our two sizes of bottles , the warmer worked consistently and quickly -LRB- about 2 minutes to heat ; maybe a little longer if the bottle is very full -RRB- . It 's also easy to manipulate with one hand , especially if the vials are loaded with water beforehand . It 's turned warming baby formula into a no-brainer , which is quite nice at 2:00 AM!One caveat
 I have owned this bottle and have used it for my daughter for the past 6 months without a single problem . I have researched every single bottle warmer out there and I can tell you , with confidence , that this is the best you will find . The removable cooler is very convenient with the fact that you do not have to go rooting around your fridge in the middle of the night looking for the bottle , plus it holds two bottles . I use Avent and it works perfectly . It also makes it very convenient to place right in your baby 's room ! My sole complaint is that the nightlight is not bright enough alone . But the steps to use this are quite simple . First , fill the resevoir with the premeasured water amount , then add the bottle and just press the button to start the warming process ! It 's just that easy ! I have left this device with my family and they have mastered this product within a few uses!I hae noticed many gripes about this product and my response is , READ THE MANUAL !!! As long as you read and follow the instructions in the booklet , you will perfectly okay ! The steps are not tricky at all , but there are a few little tips that they give you in order to keep your unit running properly .
 We did n't even register for this warmer but it was given to us as a gift anyway . Initially , during the nights , we would have to go downstairs , warm up some water in the microwave , and then stick the cold bottle in the water . This took forever to get the bottle to a comfy temperature and it was just such a hassle . Plus ... we were so tired and sleepy so it was difficult . We decided to try this warmer out . After using it for the first time we fell in love . It is so easy to use and warms the bottle in about 1min . We just do n't udnerstand why it has received negative reviews from friends ? We bought a small fridge that we store in our laundry room . This is where we keep our baby 's bottles . When we 're ready to feed all we do is pour the premeasured water from the provided tubes -LRB- pkg comes with 2 tubes and there is also a chart that tells you how much water you need for a particular sized bottle -RRB- and then hit the button . It takes about a minute or so to warm up . Take the bottle out and shake it up . . test the temp . . perfect . No more trips downstairs ... it 's awesome.The only negative thing for is that our Dr. Brown 's bottle seem to leak . Just like other reviewers have mentioned , it 's easily taken care of by simply warming up the bottle without the air vent tube . Also , we have n't had the opportunity to try out the cooler system . Good luck !
 I read reviews on the BRU website like a crazy woman before choosing products for my new baby . As a new mommy , this advice from other mothers who actually used the products was invaluable when deciding what to spend money on . I decided that I would follow the leader and add my reviews . I could n't wait to review this product ! It is my favorite ! As other reviewers mentioned , it is a life-saver ! It makes middle-of-the-night feedings so easy !! I have a two story home , and love that I do n't have to go downtstairs to get a bottle or heat it ! The cooler holds two bottles , which is enough for us , as baby is eating every three hours . The really `` wee hour '' feedings can be covered without my having to go downstairs . How nice it is to walk into the nursery , take a bottle from the cooler , put it in the warmer , change baby and feed her ... all in good time , without leaving upstairs ! I do n't feel the need to move the warmer from the nursery during the day because I take baby there to change her before all her feedings anyway . I would never call this product silly or unecessary because I do n't think getting a bottle to a nice room temperature instead of out-of-the-fridge-cold for my baby is being over the top ! I make up all my bottles at once ; They 're kept fresh and cold ; I heat them as I use them ; It 's a snap ! I 've had no long waits , no mess , no problems . I use Dr. Brown 's bottles , and yes , you have to take the cap and nipple off , but I leave the tube in with NO PROBLEM . I have had to tweak the heating time a little for the short , four ounce Dr. Brown bottles , but again , NO PROBLEM ! Seriously folks , this is n't rocket science ! Read the directions ! With common sense and very little adjusting , this product is priceless ! I love it !
 I am extremely happy with this bottle warmer . I bought it when my child was about 2 months old . Initially , I used it only to warm expressed breast milk and I kept it upstairs for middle of the night feedings -LRB- I used the ice chest on the top -RRB- , now , at 7 months , it is in the kitchen and I use it for warming baby food jars as well as for milk . It heats very fast and gets the bottle/food warm . You control the temperature based on the amount of water you put in it . It shuts off once the water has steamed out so you can leave the bottle in it , change a diaper and go back and it has shut off and is ready for you . It is fast and efficient . You have to figure out the actual amount of water based on the fluid oz . you are heating and based on the initial temperature of the milk , i.e. if it was in the frig or in an ice chest . Once you use it a few times , you will know exactly how much water to put in . It will get the milk very hot if you put too much water in it . I ALWAYS check it on my arm before using . Great investment , much faster than heating water . I wish they sold an adaptor for the car , I tried the portable bottle warmers for the car which have a band that wraps around the bottle and they are useless .
 My son is almost 3 months old now and ever since I was pumping and now formula feeding , it 's been so helpful . We have a 2 story house so it 's especially nice at night , when we only have to walk from our bedroom to our baby 's room and take the bottle out of the cooler and put it in the warmer , and we 're ready to go as soon as his diaper is changed . I 'm surprised it 's only $ 30 as a matter of fact . My mom stayed with us for 5-6 weeks after the baby was born and she could n't get over how great it was . I 'd recommend it to anyone . We were traveling for a week and a half and it came it very handy at the hotels , too .
 The only thing this bottle warmer wo n't due is heat the bottle by itself , but it 's darn close . This is my first experience with warming bottles and this instrument is a must have , especially at 3am in the morning . With the cooler in the back , my wife and I were discussing putting another one of these babies in our bedroom using the ice pack to keep our bottled milk cool and then popping it into the heater when the `` big guy '' is ready for his AM Feedings . We use Avent bottles and they are perfect for this warmer .
 We have used this warmer every day since our baby was a few weeks old and we love it . You do have to pay attention to the amount of water you put in so that the bottle does not get too hot , but after using it you get a `` feel '' for the timing and amount of water.The water measuring lines on the tubes that came with the warmer did rub off quickly . However , I called the company and they sent new ones that have had no problems.This warmer has been a life saver .
 This makes it so much easier to warm up bottles . And it is easy enough for my 5 year old to help out with it .
 We have gotten a lot of mileage out of this warmer . When my daughter was a newborn , it was perfect for storing bottles and keeping them cold for late night feedings . Now I use it to warm bottles while I change her diaper . A great product !!
 This device is great !!! It heats the bottles to the right temp fast very fast . Easy to use . I could not live without it . The detached cooler is great for trips and family functions . Keeps the bottles cool to you are reasy for them .
 I got tired of getting up at night and going to the kitchen to warm up the bottle . This is much better . It takes a little bit of time to warm up , but does a good job . You have to play with it to see how much water you need to get the bottle the right temp . But once that is done it is great . It makes a sizzling sound , but you get used to it and now my son waits for the bottle to warm up and looks at it eagerly , but does n't cry . It hold two bottles , but when I bought it my son just decided to drop the midnight feed so now I use it for the 5 a.m. feed only . I have to use extra ice blocks to keep it cooler longer , but it does save me from getting out of bed since his crib is next to my bed .
 I agree with everything that Jeannine A. Greco wrote in her review . I know that the folks at The First Years took feedback about the previous model to heart , because this one is much better . Still , here are the things that keep me from giving it five stars.The lid of the cooler is hard to lift off with one hand . This is a problem when you have a squirmy and/or crying baby in the other arm like I usually do.The lines printed on the measuring cups to tell you how much water to add to heat an X ounce bottle rubbed off in a matter of weeks . When I contacted First Years , they sent me replacements at no charge . The gradations should be etched , not printed , as guessing at amounts and overheating a bottle could lead to burns.In spite of the above , I highly recommend this product if you 're bottle feeding -- it certainly beats heating a bottle the old-fashioned way !
 I think that this is the best idea anyone could ever have made . you dont have to leave your room to get a bottle and warm it . you can just stay in your warm cozy bed
 I love this bottle warmer . We have one of a different brand in our kitchen . I wanted to get one for the baby 's room so we did n't have to come downstairs to warm a bottle in the middle of the night , so I got this one . This is much better then the other brand we have . It warms the bottles within 2-3 minutes . Our other one takes at least 5 minutes , and usually longer . When my daughter wakes up for a feeding , I go into her room , put the bottle in the warmer and turn it on -LRB- incidentally , I use the tall 8 oz Dr Brown bottles and I find that they fit in the cooler just fine - have had no problems with that -RRB- . While the bottle is warming , I change her diaper . The bottle is usually done warming by the time I get a new diaper on her . And , yes , she generally cries during the majority of this process as she 's waiting for her bottle , but all babies cry when they 're hungry . It 's only about 2-3 minutes , certainly not a lifetime .
 I think this is a must have for anyone with a need to warm a bottle . I must say that I have just started to use the Dr Brown 's bottles and without reading any kind of directions common sense tells you to remove all but the bottle and the formula to warm it up . Why would anyone think to leave a piece of rubber or a nipple on the bottle . Come on everyone use some common sense here . If you follow measurements listed on your warmer you should have no problem . I have used the same warmer for my second baby and It still works great . And I do n't know anything about 5 minutes , my bottles are ready in about 2 to 3 minutes and just the way my baby likes them . Great product !!!
 Out of all the reviews I read on all of the items I now have in my home for my 3 month old , bottle warmers were the most controversial in terms of whether they worked properly or not . Well I am taking the time to write a review for an item that you can not , I repeat not live without . It has given me the opportunity to get sleep that I would n't have gotten if every night I had to go into the kitchen to warm bottles -LRB- stove or microwave -RRB- . When my son begins to wake in the middle of the night , I remove one of two bottles which can be stored in the cooler -LRB- I use VentAire bottles -RRB- ; pour a little water in the heater and press the button . One to two minutes later -LRB- depending on ounces -RRB- the bottle is warmed while I shut my eyes and grab two minutes of extra sleep , which a new mother knows any little bit counts . When heated , I feed my son and I 'm back sleeping in no time.They say when you feed your baby at night , they should have as little stimulation as possible , so they do n't get their days and nights mixed up , well the stimulation part I can tell you goes for us moms too . Just try getting back to sleep once you have gone into your kitchen and cluttered about trying to warm a bottle half asleep . Believe me you wake up fast and you do n't go back to sleep that easily.The two measuring cups they give you to measure the amount of water you need really depends on how cool the formula is or how many ounces you 're using . Although they work as a very good guide at first , I keep a bottle of water by my bed and use my own judgment when pouring it into the heating source . After warming sooo many bottles you get use to knowing about how much you need.We recently went on vacation to a friend 's house and I brought the warmer with me . When my son needed his bottle I did n't have to disturb any one in the house by going into the kitchen . We stayed in the comfort of our own room and warmed his bottles.The only thing I 'm not certain about is whether or not the Playtex liner bottles work with this warmer , however I find the Playtex Ventaire bottles better in terms of the amount of air my son gets while drinking and the best part of them is you do n't have to spend extra for liners.I give this warmer 5 stars . It is THE BEST ITEM I have yet to encounter . Every new mom should have it , even if you are breast feeding . Eventually you will pump and store your milk which will need to be heated as well . Everyone ... get this item !
 1 -RRB- For the convenience of night time feedings , this is indispensable . If i had to run downstairs to the kitchen , I 'd probably be an irritable mommy during the day.I use this both night & day and do n't mind relocating it 'cause the 2 min up/down the stairs is worth not having to boil water for each feeding .2 -RRB- If you are a Dr Brown 's user like me , you 'll need to remove the cap and the tube before heating . After several episodes of boiling 'n bubbling formula -LRB- not a pleasant smell -RRB- , we had to resort to removing the tube each time . Also , if the formula bubbles over , you end up overheating the bottle !! I do n't have any experience with any other bottle warmers.Have also warmed breast milk in plastic bottles and it 's a breeze .3 -RRB- The cooler is a nice amenity but it does n't fit -LRB- height-wise -RRB- my 8 oz Dr Brown bottles - the 4 oz and the 8 oz wide mouth is ok though.In fact , if they have this warmer without the cooler , you can just use your own little soft cooler with blue ice packs . The latter option will keep your bottles cold too .
 This warmer is wonderful ! The best part is definitely not having to go downstairs in the middle of the night to get bottles or heat them up . I fill the measuring tubes before going to bed at night , and then all I have to do at night is dump in the water and turn it on . I do n't even have to turn on the light . By the time I change my daughter , the bottle is ready to go.It does take a little trial and error to get the amount of water right , but the guide is pretty accurate . I keep a glas of water next to the warmer to put the bottle in if it does get a little too warm . A quick dunk and a shake and it is ready to go.I have always used this warmer with the Playtex bottles with the disposable liners , and I have never had a problem . This is one of the best baby items I have .
 My husband and I love this bottle warmer . We Put two bottles in it before bed with the ice pack and all we have to do is go to the baby 's room and pour the water in the heating chamber , put the bottle in and press the button . We change her diaper while the bottle is warming and usually warms it just about perfect . Measuring the correct amount of water to put in the chamber is the key . There are instructions right on the side of the bottle storage area on how much water to put in the chamber depending on what you are warming up . I have really enjoyed and used a few of the First Years products and they all have been easy to use and make being a new mommy that much less stressful . If you use the Dr. Browns Bottles , make sure you remove the two parts of the bottle that go inside before you heat it up , the pressure of the heat builds up and will cause the bottle to leak and the hot plate will keep on warming as long as there is fluid on it to steam . Then you have a mess on your hands . -LRB- our daughter uses the Dr. Browns bottles because she sucks a lot of air sometimes when we are feeding and she has been quite colicky ! -RRB- Also if you call First Years they will send you an additional bottle cooler and Ice pack so you can rotate them for free . This is a great company with wonderful products !
 My husband and I bought this warmer soon after our son was born . We had some issues when we first started using it . We ended up boilng the formula ! We figured out quickly though the key is getting the right amount of water in the unit . It takes a little effort in the beginning to find the correct water level for the number of ounces you are feeding , but after you get that down it warms consistantly to the same temperature . I highly recommend this warmer , but do suggest taking a little time during the day when you are not soooo sleep deprived to function to play around with the water levels until you are comfortable with the bottle temperature . Not all formulas or breastmilk heat the same so if you change like we had to do -LRB- 4 times -RRB- you will have to adjust the water level again .
 During my first pregnancy I received a Night and Day bottle warmer as a gift . I had triplets and the Night and Day bottle warmer could not hold the number of bottles I needed at night so I ended up giving it away . I would not recommend this product for homes with multiples . You might be able to use it if you have twins and they only get up once during the night.When I became pregnant a second time , one of the first things I asked for was a Night and Day Bottle warmer . There are not too many models out there.It is a very simple to use and set up . The two water holders slide onto the side of the warmer and the cooler is placed in the back . There are a couple of different basket holders . One for bottles and one for jars of food.There is a chart on the side of the cooler . You find the size bottle you are using and what type . You fill the water to the number on the water holder.When you want to warm a bottle you dump the water into the warmer place the bottle in and hit the button . Button will glow orange as it warms . When it is ready the light will shut off . Takes about 2-5 minutes.Good Features : On and Off switch on the cord . Very nice when you have toddlers that like to push buttons.Indicator light to tell you when bottle is done.Warms a bottle in the amount of time it takes you to change the diaper.Very stable . No tipping and not top heavy even with coolerFits many size bottles , See note below about Dr Brown 's BottlesPoor Features : Water holder clips can break during shipping , inspect your warmer as soon as you buy itWater bottle for cooler , must fill with water . Does not stay frozen for longer than 7-8 hours.Cooler lock is plastic bump . Breaks very easily . Cooler will no longer lock if one is missing . Steam can get into cooler because seal is broken . Top will not stay on if lock is broken.Will only hold 2 bottlesDr . Brown 's BottlesUnscrew the top just enough so it does not have a complete seal , then warm bottle . If you do not unscrew the top or remove the straw , the formula during heating will rise up the straw and flow into the warmer.When I opened the box I discovered one of the water holders was broken . It was just the plastic clip on the side . Then a few nights later I noticed that the lock on the cooler was broken . I emailed First Years and told them about my broken pieces . I never received a written response but a week later a new cooler and water holder arrived in the mail.The Night and Day Bottle warmer is a must have for Families that have 2 story homes or very large homes . It is very convenient to remove the bottle from the cooler , place in warmer hit start . Better than going to the kitchen and warming a bottle . * update * 8 oz Dr Brown 's Bottles will not fit into the cooler unless you remove the cap .
 The warmer part is wonderful ... 1 . I have found it to be very consistent .2 . The water evaporates , so there 's no emptying .3 . You only use a couple of Tbs . of water ... no mess .4 . It shuts off automatically , preventing overheating .5 . One reviewer said it takes a PhD to operate ? Umm ... I only have a bachelor 's degree ... I must be extra smart . Just kidding ... it is VERY easy to use.The cons :1 . I have found that the cooling unit does n't keep bottles as cool as I 'd like . I used my own insulated carry cooler and ice pack , then returned the day/night warmer for a regular warmer of the same brand .2 . You may need to wipe the bottle off if you are pulling it right out of the warmer and putting it in baby 's mouth . The condensation on the outside of the bottle is very hot.Overall , this is a great product ... even if you do n't have a PhD . : -RRB-
 A bottle warmer has many uses . The first and most obvious use is the fact that you can have a bottle warming while you 're changing your baby 's diaper , getting them dressed etc. . . While some will complain that it takes 5 minutes , I find that to be a gross over estimate . It takes not quite 2 minutes from refridgerator to warm . If it truly took 5 minutes my guess is that too much water was being put into the resevoir.The next great use is the fact that it 's easy and so any Dad - new or experienced - can figure out how to use it to help out . It 's extremely easy to use so it can even be easily used in the middle of the night.The one weakness that I found has to do with warming up breast milk that 's been frozen . It seems to have some sort of timer that times how long the water in the resevoir has boiled to not let the milk get too hot . If breast milk has not had an opportunity to thaw out in the fridge yet it will obviously take more than just 1 press of the button for the milk to thaw and be warmed up . The problem is that even though there 's still ice in the bottle the water will be warm and so the heating element that heats the water will shut off after 10 seconds . What I had to do was shake the bottle to more evenly distribute the temperature through out the bottle and add more cool water to the resevoir 3-4 times . This situation is easily fixed however by remembering -LRB- easier said than done when you are n't sleeping much !! -RRB- to take out a bottle 12-18 hours in advance.Overall , great product , great value and a must have . I would have given it 5 stars if there was a way to set some sort of control to tell it that the bottle is full of frozen liquid .
 Ok this item is something that has made life so much easier for us . Firstly let me say that we tried A LOT of different bottles to find the right suction for my son and went through Avent , Gerber Nuk , Evenflo , Playtex with the liners and eventually settled on Playtex Ventaire . All these bottles warmed up quickly , quietly and beautifully in this warmer . It says it takes 5 minutes , for a full 8oz maybe but with a newborn the bottles warm up in next to no time at all . All you do is just put the water in , snap on the switch , let the bottle sizzle away for a really short while and you can feed with ease . I keep a small jug of water next to my bed as well in case I need extra I do n't have to go to the bathroom to get more . The water holders are such a bonus as there is no having to get enough light to look inside to see the `` fill line '' or anything like that . It heats pretty evenly and I would recommend this item to anyone wanting a bottle warmer . We usually just leave the bottles at room temperature , seeing as it 's winter , and just warm them from then . Well worth the money !
 It is fast and works great ! It is much faster than the old fashioned way of warming bottles , and it is portable . We 've taken it out of town several times . Plus , it does n't leak !
 I simply love this machine ! After you learn how to use the measuring and all that this machine saves me so much time and worry . Time over boiling water in a cup to let the bottle or baby food warm up in and worry over is it too hot or too cold still or is it warmed up evenly . With the night & day bottle & food warmer I do n't have to worry about anything . If your looking for a bottle/food warmer buy this one !
 My husband and I received a gift card and decided to buy the bottle warmer . It is one of the best purchases we 've made . It keeps the breastmilk and formula cold all night long and heats up very quickly . I agree with another reviewer that you have to learn the amount of water it takes for the amount of ounces , but once you do , it is wonderful . No more going downstairs and trying to heat water and waiting til the bottle warms up in it . We use Avent bottles and it works . I like the fact that it also warms baby food jars which I think extends the use of the item past the first year . I would recommend that you invest in such a great product .
 I got this because I knew eventually I 'd have to warm bottles even though I am breastfeeding . I ended up having to use it sooner than I thought , and was so glad I had it on hand.A few times I was not able to produce enough milk so had to supplement with a few formula feedings . Also when my husband lets me sleep in on weekends , he feeds the baby either formula or some cooled breastmilk if it 's available . Any time we have a sitter we make sure they use this as well.It is SO easy and SO great to use . Just pour whatever amount of water in it tells you , drop your bottle in and press the button . Within minutes you have a perfectly warmed bottle for your baby . No hot spots as microwaves produce and you can even warm baby food jars in this as well.Only a few times I had put too much water in and the bottle had to cool before I fed my son.It 's so quick and is perfect for feedings that every mom should own one , even if you think you 'll breastfeed exclusively . I know I thought I would , but not everything works out as you plan .
 The bottle warmer is a must have for new moms . It 's such a pain to heat a bottle in boiling water - and it takes so long . This bottle warmer will heat your bottle in 1-2 minutes -- it 's quick and easy . The product has held up nicely and does n't take up too much counter space .
 This has been a life-saver . After going through the trauma of not being able to breastfeed my newborn , standing at the kitchen sink trying to warm bottles in the middle of the night while he was screaming was not fun ! Now I pop the bottle in the warmer -LRB- I always refill the measure things after I use them so they are ready to go -RRB- , go change his diaper , and it 's ready when we 're done . If you are n't able to breastfeed , get one of these . Safer than the microwave and more accurate . TIP
 I wish I would have purchased this bottle warmer from the very beginning . I purchased the Avent Bottle Warmer because I was using Avent Bottles but I recently had to switch bottles and had to purchase a bottle warmer to accommodate those bottles . Little did I know , this bottle warmer works well with Avent bottles as well . The only very small problem is that the numbers on the measuring cups rub off after a week or so which makes it hard to fill them with the correct amout of water for your size bottles . I guess I will have to guestimate at this point .
 we bought this bottle warmer for our upstairs nursery and wow does it help us out in the middle of the night . We use the playtex disposible bottles and they heat up in only 2 minutes . I change my son 's diaper and the bottle is ready . I am very happy with this product and would highly recommend it to all new moms .
 I have read a few reviews and it seems that the parents that do n't like it . Are not using it properly . Get smart people of course you must check the bottle , what if it is not a bottle that is extremely cold -LRB- or not -RRB- . Then you will use less -LRB- or more -RRB- water than recommended . Common sense ! BY the way the brown stuff in the bottom of the warmer is just milk that may have leaked at any time from any one of the botles . Or impurities from the water from the tap !
 This is a great item for nighttime feedings . No running downstairs to the kitchen for bottles . I put it on my nightstand so I do n't even have to get out of bed to get a bottle . It holds 2 bottles . Because my son actually needs 3 bottles during the night , I use a insultated bottle tote to hold his bottles .
 I am not sure why people find this so difficult to use . I will admit the issue of how much water to use is a little confusing but really after the first few times you use it you get the hang of it . I recommend practicing at a time other than the 3am feeding when you have a screaming baby ! It 's not really an exact science . If you find you like your bottles cooler , use less water than it says and vice versa . I have n't had any problem with inconsistencies in heating . Obviously if you have different amounts of fluid and/or room temp verse cold it makes a big difference.I LOVE having the cooler on the back too . My only problem is that with a one month old sometimes I use more than 2 bottles . If you have that problem just put the formula in the bottles and keep some bottled water handy to add just before , then you can heat and go!Overall , if you have a 2 story house and nightime feedings I do n't know how you can do without this !!
 This warmer worked great and it was so convenient for the middle of the night feedings to not have to go up and down the stairs . I used it for almost 3 months and then I went to the microwave . I know everything warns you not to use the microwave but it works just fine and is much quicker . Now that my 3 month old is sleeping through the night , I do n't have to worry about the convenience factor . Otherwise , I would definitely recommend this warmer .
 Love this product . We just pop in our bottles and they 're ready to serve in a few minutes , no more wasting so much water to heat in a bowl or cup . So glad we bought it !
 I got this at my bridal shower and just bought it for a family member 's shower gift . It is wonderful especially if you live in a home where your bedrooms are upstairs and your kitchen is downstairs . It does n't make bottles or jars really hot . It makes them room temperature which is perfect !
 This product has been a life/time/sanity saver ! Its so easy to use ! I do n't use the cooler portion for cooling -- more like storing . To clean the heating element area , I just let some vinegar soak and break up the `` burnt '' impurities from the water out and a little soap/water to rinse and we are off to warm the next bottle . I love this product so much - anyone I know that is expecting will get one from me ! By the time I have changed my daughter 's diaper -- bottle is warm , and soon we are both back to sleep!Even if you do not purchase this specific model/brand -- a warmer like this should be something on EVERY new parents `` must get '' list !
 This bottle warmer is a MUST HAVE ! I received the warmer as a shower gift , because I planned on using it only at night so I would not have to get up and go the kitchen . The warmer works heats up so fast , that I use the warmer 24/7 , because it is faster than warming up water to heat the bottle on ths stove or the microwave . This product definitely has made things easier for me .
 This bottle warmer works pretty well . mineral deposits build up after a while , but can be cleaned out with vinegar . It 's quick and consistent which is the most important thing . I 'm considering getting another one for the other side of the house .
 I am a foster mom for newborns and I absolutely love this product ! I keep it in the bedroom and when the baby awakes in the middle of the night I can quickly take a bottle out of the cooler , pour in the pre-measured amount of water and simply press a button to heat it within a minute or so . It saves a lot of time and trouble and I do not have to go downstairs to the kitchen for anything ! This item comes with an instruction booklet which tells you the exact amount of water to use for all types and styles of baby bottles . The vials are clearly marked and easy to fill . I am really pleased with this item . I definitely recommend it and will buy it for shower gifts in the future .
 I have to admit - I registered for this as a `` plus '' item . Something I thought would be nice , but not a necessity . Well nursing did not go as we planned and I began bottle feeding . A friend sent it to us and I had it in the box for the month or so we were living in our family room . When we moved to our bedroom , I thought I would try it out - OMG - I ca n't believe I did n't use it sooner . Now with the larger Dr. Brown 's bottles , the cooler is too small , but while I was using the 4 oz bottles it was perfect ! I think it heats up the bottle quickly and kept me from having to go up and down the stairs for those late night feedings . As far as the Dr. Brown 's bubbling over , that happens no matter how I heat them , if I have n't removed the cap/nipple . I can leave the tube part in without issue . I must note that I heat my bottles enough to make them around room temp to lukewarm . That way she does n't get used to having really warm bottles so when we are out and about she will be more accepting of a lukewarm bottle . I know use a little cooler pack to hold the larges bottles . I really think this is a great item !
 My daughter is 6 months old and I still use this product everyday to warm her bottles and her baby food . It never gets the bottles too hot and they are never too cold - always just right . The baby food portion takes a little longer than the microwave , but there are no hot spots in the food that can burn baby 's mouth . When she was newborn , this product kept me from running up and down the stairs at all hours of the night . Make 2 bottles , put in the cooler and just warm when baby is ready to eat . The icepack keeps the bottles cold all night .
 This is a great item . Even having a small house , it still is a great time saver/useful especially in the middle of the night . We keep ours on the end table right next to our couch where the late night feedings take place . Couple warnings , ours did not always heat the same each time , even with measuring the same so always check to make sure did not over heat , and always keep a towel to drop off any dripping water as it can be very hot . Does not work w / the vent air bottles
 I sent this item to my friend as a gift after she gave birth to her son ! She loved it ! Nice item , reasonably priced !
 I thought this item was going to be a little cheap but it was n't . It is really cute and the mom I bought it for loved it !
 I purchased the Lambs and Ivy Rock N Roll bedding for my newborn son . These baskets work great with the cherry furniture and the brown and blue bedding ! They are good quality ... and look great in the room .
 We had a hard time getting our son to take a bottle , but the latex nipples on the Playtex nurser did the trick ! Someone had recommended the latex nipples to me because they are softer than silicone . We started him on these , and once he was used to it , transitioned to the silicone Playtex nipples . Great product , especially for the bottle-wary baby !
 My son liked this until his preference for regular size nipple . But while he could n't tell the difference I did enjoy having couple of these nipples with the disposable pouch when traveling abroad . It was a life saver .
 My daughter HATES all silicone nipples , she will not take anything other than the playtex nipples either ... it 's irritating that you ca n't find these in stores , but I am so grateful that they are still being sold online .
 I never thought I could feel so much affection towards a latex nipple . That was , until I met Playtex . Oh , I could bore you with the details of what i like to call `` the bottle wars '' that took place in our home last Spring , but I will spare you . What I will tell you is that when we discovered the Playtex drop-ins WITH , and ONLY WITH , the latex nipples , a cease fire took place and peace was restored to our home . You 're going `` this woman is nuts , '' but no , these nipples here allowed me to , oh I do n't know , take a quick jaunt to Starbucks and the store sans baby because finally she would take a bottle from someone else !!! I like to call these `` gas station bottles , '' which is n't fair , but in some ways an appropriate description
 The yellow nipples are MUCH , much softer and more boob-like . We tried every bottle out there , even the `` hippy '' brands designed to be more breast-like . The drop ins with the YELLOW -LRB- only the yellow ! -RRB- nipples do the trick .
 My son loves these bottle nipples . He does not like the silicone version also from Playtex , but loves these Latex versions ! We have been using the fast flow for three months and they are still standing up strong !
 This was our 6th bottle/nipple to try on our daughter who refused to take the bottle . It finally worked !!! And the whole Playtex system is so easy and convenient to use . I wish I had started off with these and not wasted so much time and money on the other fancy and hard-to-clean bottles .
 My little one woud not take to a bottle how much ever we tried . I had to get back to work after maternity leave and was really worried and then I heard about Playtex Natural Latch Dropin bottles . Could not get them in India so went for regular latex nipples . But she would refuse even that . Managed to get a bottle from one of the shops here and with very little effort my daughter latched on to these . Since then I have been using these and vouch for them . Best suited for every mom who has trouble weaning here baby and even more with the gassy ones . The liner technology is great ...
 My 6-month-old baby has been using these nipples since he was about 3 months old , and they are the only nipples he will take . They fit Playtex drop-ins or VentAire bottles . I breastfeed , and I 've had no problem going between breast and bottle with these nipples . My baby much prefers the latex nipples over the silicon ones with the same shape.I gave this product 4 stars because of the eight nipples I purchased , one was faulty - very little liquid would come out .
 Item arrived exactly as described . Been using daily for some time now and washing in the dishwasher - no breakdown in the rubber . highly recommend .
 These are the only nipples my daughter would use , she hated the silicone version with the same flow rate or faster . Since these make her happy and we do n't have them in our local stores I always order them here .
 My son prefers the Playtex Drop-In Nipples -LRB- whether latex or silicon -RRB- over the Playtex Ventaire Nipples probably because these are so much softer . For some reason , milk leaks out of my son 's mouth when he used the Ventaire nipples . I recommend the Drop-In nipples to mothers , especially for their babies who are teething !
 i live these nipples and so does my daughter in fact thay are the only ones she will drink out of she wont have anything to do with the silicone ones
 These are much softer than the silicon nipples . More like a natural nipple on a -LSB- ... -RSB- They seem to flow a little better , too .
 When I went back to work after 5 + months of maternity leave , my baby had no interest in drinking from a bottle . The babysitter had to spoon feed milk to her . I tried almost every other bottle and nipple on the market except for the Adiri Breastbottle Nurser - Baby Bottle . The babysitter discovered that she preferred rubber nipples over silicon ones because they are softer , but she did n't like the shape of other brands , so it was still a struggle to try to get her to drink from a bottle during the day . I was so worried about my baby until I finally found thePlaytex Bottle 4-oz . Drop-Ins - 100-ct . . The nipple is very wide and shaped more naturally than other bottles . I replaced the silicon nipples that are included with the bottles with this rubber nipple and she finally drinks from the bottle and still breastfeeds whenever I am home . The drop-in bags turned out to be a great benefit of the bottles also . And because the bottle is lightweight and has a hollow bottom , my baby can easily hold the bottle to drink by herself .
 I tried to switch my baby to fast from latex natural latch slow at 4 months , but he choked on the faster flow of milk . I thought he just was n't ready , but the next day I caught my husband feeding him with a fast flow nipple and he was just fine ! It turns out that they 're not all calibrated the same way . I filled the two we had with water and held them upside down over the sink . One dripped at about 3-4 drops per second . The other dripped so quickly it was almost a steady stream -LRB- this is the one baby choked on before -RRB- . So I learned my lesson - order some extra and check the actual flow using this test -LRB- fill w/water and hold upside down -RRB- as some flow MUCH faster than others !
 Our 5 mo old started teething and would not take a bottle , we were using the clear Playtex silicone nipples . I happened to have one of these from the starter set and gave it a try and baby took bottle right away . No more fussing and crying when she ate ! Online is about the only way to get these , the price and shipping are compareable to other places , we usually buy enough at a time for free shipping .
 Since my babies are fed only with breast milk an primarily via the breast it was difficult to find a nipple that they would take . The Playtex NaturalLatch Latex is the only way they 'll let Daddy feed them and give Mom a couple hours out of the house ... ALONE ! :-RRB- I only wish I could find a seller for a medium flow for when they are past slow but not yet at fast .
 My son is primarily breastfed and after a dozen different bottles/nipples we 've found this is the only one that will work for him when mom is away . It fits both the wide playtex airvent bottles and the playtex nursers . If you 're having trouble making the switch from breast to bottle I highly recommend giving this one a try !
 We have been struggling with getting my son to take a bottle . With my maternity leave ending in a couple weeks I was getting nervous about sending him to daycare and was worried he would refuse to eat all day while he could n't nurse . We 've tried all kinds of bottles and flows and this nipple is the only one he 's taken . These latex nipples are softer than the silicone ones , and I think the wide shape must be similar to nursing because he took to these ones on the first try . At 3 months , the fast flow is the perfect spped for my little guy . You can use these with Drop In or Ventaire bottles .
 I was a worried mom of 5 month old . I started work , hence he had to drink it off a bottle but he was refusing to drink from a bottle . I was using Born Free ... after 2 weeks of worrying , i found an answer to all my sorrows in PLAYTEX !! I read a few blogs & playtex was recommended by a lot of moms who have gone thru the similar ordeal . SO , I thought of giving it a try too ... I rushed to the store the same day & bought Playtex Original Nurser with the Naturalatch latex nipple . Went home tried it with my fingers crossed ... Guess what ... My son was happily drinking off the bottle . I do n't know what it is . . but its a Miracle bottle & nipple for me . Since then , my little one has had no issues with drinking off his bottle . All you worried moms out there - It 's a must try !!!!!!!!!!
 These are the only bottle nipples my picky son will use so I was somewhat distraught when Target and Walmart stopped carrying them . The seller was great and everything arrived quickly ! These nipples ca n't be boil sterilized , but we have yet to need to replace any of them -LRB- aside from different flow rates -RRB- .
 These are the only nipples my son will take . They work great with the Playtex Drop In bottles . We have a hard time finding them in stores in our area so I was very happy to get them on Amazon even though I paid more for the shipping than for the product ; -RRB-
 My baby loves these and wo n't use anything else . Great if you 've been breastfeeding and are moving over to bottle feeding .
 We tried many different nipples to get my son to transition to a bottle after only being breast-fed , and he did n't do well on most of them . This one , in latex , is the only one he used consistently . Plus , it works with the Playtex drop-in bottle system , which is one of the bottle systems to use to avoid bisphenol-A exposure . I ran around to a ton of stores and so far Amazon is the only place I 've been able to find these so I 'm very thankful !
 I have the kiddopotamus and Co baby shade for the single stroller . I 've used it on the single peg prego stroller , the single chico umbrella stroller , and the combi single stroller , and it has worked wonderfully on all . I am very impressed with the product.The material is soft and breathable . You do n't have to worry about having baby wrapped up in PVC plastic like other rain and wind covers . There is a mesh peep hole for baby to look through during more active times . The peep hole is adjustable with snaps -LRB- `` poppers '' -RRB- so that baby can see more if they want . Or , you can have them covered up more completely when they are sleeping . It protects baby from sun , wind , and rain . So , it is convenient to carry around for all types of weather and seasons . It folds into itself when not in use into a zipped up compact pouch . When unfolded , it provides a small parent 's pocket for storage.I 've used this for vacation in the summer in Utah and Wyoming and found it worked very nicely . I 've also use it in all seasons in NYC and NJ and am very happy with it . I recommend it and am planning to buy the double stroller size when my second is born .
 I got this to use on a double jogging stroller , and never tried to use any stick-on fasteners . I just used the tie straps & snaps and it works great . And , considering this is < 1/3 the price of any other shade/rain covers for double strollers , I think it 's great.For shade , it 's not something you necessarily want to use when the kids are alert , but I got it primarily for use during naps , so the privacy & view-blocking is perfect . You can also adjust the view by unfastening some of the snaps -LRB- unsnapped one side while one kid was awake , other asleep on the covered side -RRB- . It covers down past the feet on my stroller . The mesh is great to keep bugs off , and kids can still see fine when white shades are removed . The fabric seems pretty breathable , yet kept the kids & contents dry during a light/moderate rain . Adjusting the snaps -LRB- some open , some closed -RRB- also helped with airflow . It 's also much better than the clear pvc plasticy rain cover I have for my single Maclaren - the kids HATE to be shrink-wrapped like that , in a sweaty suffocating pod they 're strapped into ... yuck.This is not a cover for every day use . I keep it in it 's self-bag in the basket of the stroller to pull out for naps or rain or extreme sun exposure or a particularly buggy day . It meets my needs perfectly for the price paid . -LRB- now , I would expect another shade that costs 4x as much to fuction 4x better , which would not be an easy task . -RRB-
 I was iffy about buying this because of the bad reviews but I think its great . It keeps sun and bugs out and it costs way less then others like it . I really dont know what all the complaints are about
 My nephew is just started to feed on solids , and starting hand/mouth coordination - this product is just perfect . The bowls stay in place on the highchair and dont budge until the adults want them to . Other reviews dont seem to agree - but for a young baby , this is just right . I can imagine as bub gets older , he 'll go to war with the bowl and he 'll figure out what the tab is for -LRB- the tab releases the suction -RRB- . In my opinion , this product is ideal for kids who havent worked out their arm coordination and just starting been in the highchair.The lids arent overly secure , but are fine for refrigeration .
 My grandson loves these bowls , he tried to take it off and did n't success at first but he did after a hard tries . I love this bowls .
 Color is very beautiful , use rise very convenient also , children and I like it.I 'll buy again and will recommend to friends to buy .
 For baby shower and she loved it , just what she wanted ! Shipped in the time I was told & would shop again !
 I like that the suction helps plates stay in place for those babies who have to grab them . I put veggies in it and she is able to grab them without tipping it all over .
 I really like these bowls and am considering buying another set . The fact that they have lids is great . Easy to clean - microwaveable & dishwasher safe ... The only drawback is the suction is not very strong and my two year old can easily pop them off the table . Also , I saw them in the store at Walmart for only $ 6 . I paid almost $ 15 after shipping online -LRB- cheapest I could find -RRB- .
 These are great little bowls for travel . Do NOT expect them to suction to the table and stay there . The slightest bit of pressure pulls them right off . If you want a small bowl with a lid that transports easily - these are great .
 Either I got a different product or they changed the design of these bowls because the suction feature works fine -LRB- contrary to other reviews -RRB- . In fact , it works so well that I have a difficult time getting it off surfaces I place it on . One thing I must say , though , is that simply placing it on a surface will not lead to suctioning ability alone . It works better when you put a small amount of pressure on the bowl.I also like the fact that the lids on these bowls are super secure , menaing that nothing will get out once the lid is properly on . This is a great feature when traveling with your baby . I simply mix foods prior to leaving and am confident enough that the contents will remain in these bowls by the time I reach my destination.Overall , for the price , they certainly are not a disappointment . If you are someone who is always on the go like me , these are a must buy . It has made my life much simpler and worry free .
 I bought these bowls for my 10 month old twins , and unlike everyone else has stated , they do stick to my sons ' high chairs . After reading the reviews , I was really scared to buy these , but I am glad that I did because they worked great for my boys . Maybe the difference is the type of high chair , I have the space saver kind that straps to a regular adult chair rather than a full-sized one . Now granted once your child watches you lift the bowl of the tray he will evenually learn to do it too , but until then this is working out great for me .
 These bowls are exactly what we needed for a beginning self-feeder . You need to use common sense when deciding whether to buy these . If you are not willing to re-secure the bowl a few times during a meal , you should make sure you have a non-porous surface to stick it on or look for another solution . These bowls adhere well to our wood table but do need to be re-secured periodically . They are easy to clean and the bright colors make mealtime fun .
 These bowls are great ! They are so colorful and cute ! I bought them today and they work great on my son 's highchair tray . These will be most helpful when my son begins to feed himself , as he is starting to show interest in doing . The only draw back on the bowls is that they can not be microwaved due to the permanently attached suction cup on the bottom . They are dishwasher safe though !
 I wanted some bowls with suction for the obvious reasons that most parents do -- the avoidance of food dumping . I started with a Gerber plate that did n't work AT ALL and then moved to these bowls because the suction part is attached to the bowl instead of a separate piece -LRB- one of my major complaints with the Gerber plate -RRB- . I also liked the fact that they had lids . When I first used them , I was disappointed because , as other reviewers have stated , the suction did n't hold up to my little one 's persistent pulling.Then , my husband discovered that putting lots of water on the suction cup and the table or tray surface will form a seal strong enough that even my freakishly strong child can not break . I had been wetting the suction cup before , but not with that much water . He actually runs the suction cup under the tap and then squeezes some water from a cloth onto the surface before sticking the bowl down . It works ! Now I love these bowls and am so glad I bought them . The lids are a bit difficult to snap on and off , but that 's not always such a bad thing either -LRB- since I have a child that loves to take lids off things -RRB- . The colors are bright and fun and my son is learning to eat like a big boy !
 Got a set of these as a gift with my first child and bought a second set when my second child came along . We have a Fisher Price high chair with a very smooth surface tray and these bowls stay put ! I agree that they are also great for little ones learning to self-feed . Kids need something with a wide base that does n't tip easily and an edge to scoop against . I must have item in our household !
 These bowls are wonderful for keeping my son 's bowl in place so he can feed himself with a spoon . I use the bowls directly on the high chair tray , and the suction works relatively well . Once in a while I may have to push it back into place , but not constantly . I have not tried it on other surfaces . I would say , however , that a child intent on dumping his food will not be stopped by these bowls . Fortunately for me , my son is more intent to eat than play -LRB- at least until he 's full , then the bowl may go flying -RRB- . UPDATE January 2010
 I have used these bowls on several surfaces . On my table , I wipe the table first with a little water and the bowl is nearly impossible for my baby to move . Some of you old reviews should give that a try . If your baby can still remove it after that trick , then try stepping in and teaching him some manners !
 I really like the suction bowls . The different sizes and lids are great . my only complaint is that the bowls often come un stuck so every few minutes you have to reach over and push them back down .
 me encantaron las combinaciones de colores , la base es de goma antiresbalante para que los ni & ntilde ; os no lo deslicen y lo boten al piso , cierre herm&eacute;tico excelente
 number one goodThe design takes a liking for me!It looks really superThis product is the best in quality
 We like these a lot . We , of course , liked them more before my son figured out how to break the suction , but of well . They still work great for his latest fixation for grapes and blueberries . The lids make it easy to make up portions after he 's asleep for use the next day .
 these bowls are good , nothing special , but the suction part , which i like . i love that they have lids . not many bowls out there have lids , so it 's good . what concerns suction part - i think most people who said it doesnt work at all - do n't know how to work it.the bowls stay on any surface we tried . depending on the surface , you can put some water on the rubber part - it helps a lot.of course you ca n't expect them to stay if your little ones are going to try to rip them off with all the force they 've got - the bowls are not glued or nailed to the table/tray - it 's just suction . and we all know it 's not gon na last forever . i think most of people expect too much of them.the only thing is i think they are too expensive for what they are .
 I bought these for my daughter , who can feed herself finger foods . The problem we were having was that the plate would move around while she was trying to eat , and these prevent that . She can pull the bowl off the tray because after a while the suction loosens , but by the time that happens , she 's almost always done with her food anyways.To make the suction cup stick the best , I make sure the high chair tray is spotless and dry , then I wet the suction ring under running water , fill the bowl , and stick it on the tray . It seems to work the best for us to do it this way.I also love that they have lids , because I can just stick the uneaten food in the fridge for later without transferring to another dish .
 My little guy is so pleased to be eating by himself and showing us all what a big boy he is now that we can put his food in a bowl that will stay put enough to not fall off the highchair tray . He can pull the bowl off if he wants to perform his gravity experiments instead of eat , but if I keep the bowl full of something interesting , that is n't usually an issue . Love that I can fill these up and not worry that my bag will end up a mess .
 I really like these bowls . They do stay put , are easy to clean and the 3 different sizes work well for different types of food I have been giving to my infant .
 The bowls are durable and handy . They do n't stick for very long , but then again , none of them do ! Trust me , I have bought them all !
 I love these ! The suction on the buttom is great . I also love that they have lids and that they stack into each other . Thanks , Munchkins !
 This is a great assortment of little bowls for small children/infants . I got them for baby food when my son was 6 months old . He 's now 3 and I use them for him , and my 9month old daughter , still . I use them mostly for lunches and snacks . I love that they are different sizes to accommodate different types of snacks . I like that I can use them for storage as well . The suction is very short lived , but it works long enough -LRB- usually -RRB- for the child to lose interest in pulling it and dumping it . I would 've bought them without the suction bottoms and I am very happy with the purchase .
 I love the colors , sizes and durability , plus it 's dishwasher safe top rack . I hate the fact that it does n't `` stick '' or `` grip '' the high chair table I have at all ... so , my son does pick the thing right up ! Hence , 4 stars not 5 . . still a good buy I use daily .
 I 've been using these for my daughter for almost three years now with no problems . They 're portable thanks to the lids , and I 've had no problems with the suction cups ... I just rub a sponge or wet paper towel across the suction cup before I stick it to the table and it works beautifully .
 I bought these thinking it would help with my son 's new hobby of spilling the food over his high chair . I was thinking that b/c he 's only 6 mos old that the suction would hold but it does n't he figured out really quickly that if he sticks his finger under/against the suction part it will come off easily , so I ca n't leave him with the bowl and walk away . But it does help stabilize the bowl for when he is practicing spoon feeding himself . Overall I think they are worth the price . The bowls are not only fun looking but very functional . And I love that they come with lids so if he does n't finish something we can just lid it and put it away for later .
 These little bowls are so cute and colorful . Suction cup bottom is a big help at feeding time . Matching lids makes the bowls travel friendly .
 I definately should 've read the reviews before I bought these bowls . They do n't keep my daughter from tossing her food ` overboard ' but I think they * will * be quite useful when she is learning to eat with a spoon on her own . I really * do * like the bowls themselves , and the lids -LRB- they seal nicely and transport food pretty well -RRB- . I wish the suction was better , but otherwise , these are great bowls .
 These are great bowls and they stick to almost anything . Our great nephew loves the colors and the textured handles , but he can not upset them .
 I actually have two identical sets of these bowls now - I purchased the first one just to try and loved them so much , so I got a second set . My daughter is 11 months and has transitioned to finger foods . Prior to these bowls I would just spread everything out on her high chair tray , but I wanted to introduce the concept of bowls/plates - however whenever I did the first thing she would do is grab it and tipp it up or throw it off the side ! After using the suction bowls for over a month now , I can swap in a regular plate/bowl and she uses it like she is supposed to -LRB- yes ... even in restaurants ! -RRB- . The middle sized one has a harder time keeping the suction than the others , but all in all you wo n't be sorry you got these !
 Suction bowls are very useful for the kid who likes to throw things off the tray and for the kid who learns to eat on his own and is n't very proficient yet . I wish I bought them earlier . The only caveat -- there are less expensive sets like this out there -LRB- though I have n't tried and do n't know if they are as good -RRB- . Use some water under suction cap -- it suctions better !
 I am surprised by the other complaints . We have had these bowls for a few months , and they work great with my toddler . As long as I make sure the table is really clean , they suction well . If he really works hard with his little fingers he may be able to break the suction , but mostly , they do the job . My son was dumping every other bowl or plate we tried . I love the different sizes and the gender-neutral colors . Also , the lids stay on tight and are safe to put in the diaper bag without spillage . I have bought them for gifts .
 I bought these bowls after trying about 5 other kinds of `` stay put '' suction bowls . These are the ONLY ones that have actually STAYED PUT on his high chair , the table , and even restaurant tables ! We went out and bought another pack , so we now have 6 . My 1-year-old pulls and pulls and pulls on these , but can not break the suction -- a great deal for the money !
 i 'm not sure what is going on with everyone else , but these worked GREAT for my 10 month old . i have been wanting a suction cup bowl for a while as she seemed anxious to try spoon feeding herself . got these today at walmart and i am VERY impressed.she could not removed the bowl from the tray . the suction held like fort knox . and believe me , she tried . she put all of her 22 pounds into it and the bowl did not budge.she actually fed herself a decent amount of stage 3 lasagna tonight . that is , before she decided to toss the spoon on the floor . ; -RRB- thank you munchkin , from a very happy mama !
 Those colorful bowls can let my baby focus on the food and they are portable.ProsEasy to UseLightweightPortableSturdy ConstructionWashes Easily
 They do what they say on the box and the bright colo -LRB- u -RRB- rs are really fun . They do n't stick so fast on the plastic high-chair cover but they do on the table and counter , thus avoiding baby grabbing/spillage incidents . Very happy with them .
 it works real good . very nice quality ... ...
 buy for my friend , she say it 's okit 's very goodwhen the baby come soon , she can use itbuy for my friend , she say it 's okit 's very goodwhen the baby come soon , she can use it
 These bowls have been the best help ever ! They dont move at all while my baby eats or just tries to play with it.Happy with the product ,
 The sizes are perfect , especially the small one for my 5 month old . The suction works fine so far , but we will see as baby gets older .
 I gave it 5 stars because the suction on the bottom works , they are stackable , and they have lids so you can save whatever for later !
 Arrived super fast and my 11 month old loved them . The suction is not as bad as I read . I would have liked them to be microwave save but other then that , they 're good .
 Our daughter has been using these for a few months now , and they work great for self feeding . They keep the bowl from sliding when she 's using the spoon . She has n't figured out to yank on them yet , so we 're loving them . Wished they were microwaveable though , but it has n't been too much of an inconvenience .
 The bowls are great , the suction works well , and I will be buying another couple sets . However , the suction ring can be ruined if it touches anything -LRB- prong -RRB- in the dishwaser . One of my bowls rested against a prong and melted , I guess you could say , and it now has a notch in the suction ring which makes it impossible to suction down . Annnnd the bowls are NOT microwave safe . So I should be giving them a low rating but I ca n't find a better bowl that suctions and has the attributes these bowls do have - otherwise they are just high maintenance !!! So if you hand wash and do n't use them in the microwave they are great : -RRB-
 These bowls are wonderful for everyday feeding and even better for traveling or meals on the go . My little one has had many a meal at the baseball field , in the car , or at the mall with the help of these bowls . Because they come in 3 different sizes and they all have lids , you can feed anything anywhere ! When we are finished eating , I do a quick rinse out -LRB- if I have the opportunity -RRB- and put the lid back on - they snap tight , so I know we wo n't have a mess in the diaper bag when I get home . I would recommend these to any parent with a busy/active lifestyle .
 We got these when my daughter was learning to use a spoon/fork and she was having issues with her plate/bowl moving around on her . These solved that problem ! I love that the suction cup is wide and stable , even if it 's not suctioned down . The small and medium are great , perfect . But the big one can be a pain to get up , luckily there is a little rubber grip that sticks up , just enough to grab and break the suction.The lids are pointless and I can never get them to stay put but it 's not a big deal
 The suction bowls are wonderful . They stay in place while I am feeding my son and the lids make it convenient to take it with us on the go . I do also like the 3 different sizes .
 I am realy happy with those bowls , even thought you can not used them on the microwave . . just for this small deatail there are not so perfect . .
 I totally recommend this bowls , they are colourfull and stay put to the table.I want more !
 not in stock , was a delay of a day or so getting it shipped . good plastic stuff , thanks
 I bought these bowls because I really do hate when my son throws his dishes on the floor before he is even done eating . They do just what they say ... keep the bowl on the tray ! I know some people have stated that they do not stay on for their children , but they are sticking perfectly for mine , yet are easy for me to remove . They also stay to the table top and counters . It may be that some trays are not as flat or might be damaged from wear and tear . The bowl did not stick well to my cutting board . It even stuck to the side of my fridge overnight . Anyhow , they are made from a durable plastic that washes up super easy and the lids are nice too . Mostly I find that my son likes playing with the lids while I feed him . I love the colors and design . The handles have a silicone coating -LRB- like those floppy pans you can bake in , or like oven mitts -RRB- so you can get a nice grip.The covers have texture and designs . All in all a great purchase and one I am very pleased with . Will definitely buy more of these .
 Our baby loves to dump things out of containers , so these are awesome for securing his food to his tray . Their stability also makes it easier for him to learn to use a utensil , since he loves to bang his spoon on the bowl . The lids are handy for portability .
 I am not sure why reviews say they do n't stick to the tray . I wet the bottom part and my toddler tries so hard to pull it off but ca n't . They 're great , perfect size :-RRB- Bought them at Target
 super useful for crackers & fruits for the kids to eat , without you having to worry they 'll drop everything to the floor .
 I really like these bowls . Great for feeding my little guy . The only thing I do n't like is that they are not microwave-safe .
 I have a drawer of a ton of different baby bowls and these are by far the best . The suction stays in place and they are easy to clean . I also really like the attachable lids as my son often does n't finish his whole meal and it 's nice to just snap on the lid and save for later . I will admit the lid is a little tough to snap on , but it stays in place once it 's on and does n't spill when tipped over .
 Nice colors , three sizes in the pack , practical design . What 's there not to like ? I use them every day . Going to get a second set for the travel bag .
 I like these bowls , nice color and very convinient to use , according to the design , one of my hand is realsed when feeding .
 I just got these bowls today and they are very cute and feel durable . I ca n't wait to use them . The only concern I have is the lids . Seems like they do n't snap on every easily . I did just get them though , do maybe I have to break them in .
 they work good for smaller kids who ca n't pull them off the table , bigger kids sometimes pull them off when they are full
 These bowls are great for toddlers just learning to feed themselves.The scution cups help keep the bowl from getting knocked off the tray .
 I bought these bowls expecting them to end the food-dumping behavior that so many are complaining about . The reviews are correct - they wo n't help with that . The suction is not strong enough . But what they are good for is helping a child who is learning to self-feed master spoon-related skill without having to worry about the bowl moving around . They 're really good when your child is self-feeding cold cereal , applesauce , oatmeal , etc. . A smart buy , but will come in handy a little later than you might think.One more thing - the suction is greatly improved if you lick the bottom of the bowl before you stick it to the table . Unfortunately this lead to a period when my son felt it was customary to lick things before putting them on the table , but this passed quickly .
 Unless you expect a suction cup to work as well as crazy glue , you 'll probably be very happy with these bowls . Obviously , the stick better on plastic and smooth surfaces , and they stick better if you wet the suction cup . One review said that she licked the rim , but I just wet my finger or run the bottom of the bowl under the sink . If they stuck too well , I would think it would be frustrating when you want to move it and have to get a fingernail under there or something . To the reviewer who said that it is probably a better idea just to train your child not to throw things on the floor , I say , that 's the right idea.On the flip side , the bowls really help kids learn to spoon feed since they can scoop things up the side of the bowl . Having a relatively deep bowl is important for that . One problem with the bowls is when you are at a restaurant and the high chair is not very high in comparison to the table so the child is peering over the edge of the bowl.I use them with the sassy spoons with the handles that curve up like a hill . My 17 month old can eat cereal with milk using those spoons with these cups and most of it goes into her mouth !
 I like the bowls , but I am not using them for the purpose of staying put yet . I am using them to take my 10 month old 's food on the go , so I like them for that purpose . Just wanted to put it out there , these bowls are like $ 7.49 at Target/Walmart & $ 7.99 at Babies R Us . So you can buy them for less , & return them if you do n't like them . : -RRB-
 Good bowls for toddlers . Makes a parent worry free on food spilling all over the ground . I would reccomend this item anytime
 Nice bowls I never used the lids . Suction seemed fine on my wooden table . The same brand spoons work well with these
 The set of three bowls are very colorful and appeal to the child . Love that they have lids that stay secure . The bowls can be used anywhere . Great for a 8 month old and up !
 We read the reviews and we were worried this product would n't stick but we tried it and it worked for us on our wooden kitchen table , granite countertop and our son 's plastic tray . There is a tab and you need to make sure that the tab faces away from the baby -LRB- then to release the bowl you need to pull the tab -RRB- . The lids are difficult to put on but overall we 're happy with these .
 Easy to use and baby like it very much . The bowl can be fixed on the table no matter the material of the table and very fastness . It is not easy for bay to move it .
 Love the size of these bowls , how colorful they are and the fact that its easy for new spoon eaters to eat with a spoon fairly easily without corners , sides to get tripped up on . My only dislike is that the only place these bowls seem to suction on is my lil guy 's high chair . Great for structured eating and meal time but my husband and I do casual snack time with a movie in the afternoon and use a kids picnic table . The bowls do not suction to picnic table at all so we are trying to figure out another option . Again , FANTASTIC for my 18 month old at his high chair ... he loves to dump food from plates and bowls and this prevents him from doing so and allows him to switch focus from playing to eating but would be nice if it worked on slightly less perfectly smooth surfaces ; -RRB-
 I have two sets -LRB- over 4 years -RRB- , and these are awesome ! Of course , any suction bowls do n't really stay down . Your kid will figure out how to get them off ! However , these are still my favorite bowls . They 're incredibly stable and sturdy , they travel well -LRB- for snacks , even wet ones -RRB- , and they last ages . Only wish I could afford 50 more , and that there was an easy way to attach the lids . I use them for a 5 and 1 year old , and have sent them to work with dad , too , for salad dressing .
 The only reason i did n't give these a 5 out of 5 is because it is difficult to get a strong suction . However , that aside , these things are great ! My son is learning to eat with a spoon and these have been so helpful to have . The colors are fun as well ! I do wish they were microwavable but i understand that that is n't possible because of the rubber so you just ca n't have both and thats ok . These serve their purpose and I am thankful to have them .
 My mom got me these bowl when my first child started eating solids . As almost every reviewer has already stated , they do not stay suctioned . However , they are a better option than a regular bowl because they give just enough stability for an older child who is trying to learn to self-feed and not spill the entire contents of the bowl . A regular plastic or melamine bowl moves around and easily tips over , unlike these bowls . The colors are nice and bright and gender neutral . The lids come in handy and stay on well , and I like how deep the bowls are . The things I do n't like about these bowls are that they do n't suction -LRB- though I have yet to find a bowl that really does this well -RRB- , and although they do stack inside each other , they are bulky and take up a lot of space , and after putting them in the dishwasher and microwave for 2 years , some are looking kind of ratty . But to be fair , they have been through 2 kids and are still being used . They are n't ridiculously expensive , so overall , I feel they have been worth the money . Even with all the cons , these are still some of my favorite baby/toddler bowls and we use them almost daily .
 My 6 month old pulled the suction off earlier today -LRB- on only his third day of solid feeding -RRB- when I could n't quite figure out how to get it off his tray . So as other reviews clearly state
 My 16-month old can pull the bowl off his tray , so the suction is n't extremely strong . The trick is to just teach your child not to do that . Once he/she is disciplined to not pull on the bowl , then it serves a great use in staying in place while your child learns to use a spoon .
 Some of the older reviews are for the old style of bowl -- there were 3 bowls with one removable suction bottom -- they were n't so great . The new bowls have an attached suction bottom , and I just love them ! I 'm back to buy a second set . I moisten the bottom with a bit of water , push down onto the dining room table , and the bowls stay there until I pull them up . The set comes with 3 different sizes ; the smallest is perfect for one scrambled egg or a handful of blueberries , while the largest holds a dinner sized portion of pasta . The lids go on and click audibly so you know they 've closed , and they are easily opened by an adult . They 're perfect for preschool!I have a few other types of bowls , but for my toddler , these are definitely the ones I reach for .
 These are great bowls for feeding and play . I stick one to the tray while I am getting the food ready and my daughter puts toys in and out of the bowl . They are also great for traveling .
 I like these bowls . Easy to clean , good suction so the baby ca n't fling the bowl away . I also like the size variety .
 these bowls are awesome . i love the 3 different sizes . i use the smallest one everyday to pack my daughter 's snacks like diced fruit or veggies . i use the other two frequently when packing her food to go.i have no problems w/it suctioning to the table as long as i wet the bottom of the bowl . here is a tip when placing it
 These 3 bowls are awesome !! They are the only ones I 've found that my 11 month old son ca n't rip off his highchair in less than a minute . I tried several other brands -LRB- Gerber , Sassy , Especially for Baby/Toy ' R Us brand -RRB- & none of them worked at all !! The lids on the Munchkin ones are a little hard to get on , but that makes it so they do n't leak once on . They 're also BPA free which is great ! The suction base is molded directly to the bowl itself so you do n't have to struggle with putting them together or worrying about them seperating apart like many of the other brands do . I highly recommend these bowls !
 I recently purchased this item because my bugaboo does n't have much storage space and I needed to put my keys and cell phone somewhere handy . I was looking into getting something small and within reach . This was perfect ! It is very fashionable and sturdy . You can place it anywhere on the stroller it does n't have to be on the bar . The only thing that I was n't too happy about was that the cell phone slot is a little too small . I have a blackberry curve and it only fits if I take the casing for it off which I guess is n't a big deal , but would like it to be a little bit larger . Overall , I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 I got this chair as a baby shower gift and it has been by far the best gift ever ! We can use it anywhere - on a very wide variety of sizes of tables , counters , tables with rims , etc. . It screws on very securely , and has never once come loose , plus it folds flat for easy carrying . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this chair because my traditional high chair was too difficult to clean -- the cover was not machine washable and there were too many crevices . I like that I can simply take the fabric part off of the frame to wash it . It is pretty simple to take apart and put back together . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that it does n't fit onto my table as well as it could .
 I 'm a nurse , and I 've been recommending this product for many years now for chemo patients , people with Crohns , ulcerative colitis , ostomy , fistula , and severe diaper rash . The gratitude I 've received from patients and their families has been overwhelming . This ointment relieves the pain and suffering of caustic body fluids on raw , excoriated skin better than anything I 've ever come across . Nothing else comes close to taking away the pain and healing the skin like this product does . I wish more healthcare providers knew how magnificently it works . -LRB- I do not sell or represent this product or have any financial interest in this product or company whatsoever . -RRB-
 My infant daughter was suffering from a rare case of a bacterial infection called C. Difficile , which caused horrible , frequent diarrhea for months until it was finally cured . As a result , she got a horrible case of diaper rash . The rash was horrible . It covered her entire diaper area and was bleeding . At one point , her diaper rash was so severe , parts of her skin were removed and there were open sores . We slathered on every available brand of diaper cream , tried prescription yeast creams , dried her bottom with a hair dryer , EVERYTHING . Finally , her gastroenterologist recommended Calmoseptine , which was available in the pharmacy at Kaiser.After the first application , we noticed a difference . By the next morning , the rash was gone with only the sores remaining . We continued applying it and not only did it heal the sores , it prevented her from getting diaper rash again , even though she still had severe diarrhea . I ca n't recommend this product enough . It helped to ease my daughter 's suffering and made our stress levels a bit more manageable.it is a bit hard to find , I have only been able to find it online or at Kaiser pharmacies . Regular more available creams are fine for daily use and mild rashes . But for severe cases , this cream is nothing short of amazing . I ca n't believe it is not more well known . People in the medical field swear by it , but It is not well known in the mainstream . I ca n't imagine why ... the inventors deserve to be millionaires . Move over Desitin , A&D ; , And Butt Paste .
 Miraculous cream ! I ca n't vouch for it as a diaper cream -LRB- only have used it for myself -RRB- , but it works incredibly well . The sensation has been described as `` sitting on a peppermint pattie '' which is pretty accurate . The `` coolness '' is not at all irritating and it protects your skin so that it can heal . You only need a small amount , too .
 I am an obese male 51 years young ! That suffers with pressure sores on back of thighs due toBeing wheelchair bound ! This cream is the best I have ever use to Lessen the pain and heal sores you may need to apply a few times a day.havent found anything better . The price here on amazon is awesome !
 Hello , I work in the hospital and have seen how calmoseptine can heal irritated skin from urine and stool incontinence . When a patient has lots of diarrhea and a sore bum , this helps sooth the area . A tip I may add on taking it off , use Vitamin A&D ointment !
 I have a jpouch , and with that comes a lot of burning when you go to the bathroom . Calmoseptine is like a cool minty breeze on your butt hole . Its freaking amazing .
 A great product for G-tube care . We have been using this product for years for this purpose . It works great for rashes associated with G-tubes . Calmoseptine diaper rash ointment tube - 4 oz , 6 pack
 This is great stuff . A friend was visiting and had a sample of it . I used it on my son 's diaper rash , and it cleared up like magic . It sticks to the affected area well , so it stays in place to keep treating and preventing eruptions -LRB- even after wet diapers -RRB- .
 Bought this for an elderly family member with supurating sores . If you do n't know what that is , the sores do n't heal , so they need a whole lot of help , changes of dressings , messy stuff . Anyway , this product allowed her sores to heal and kept her sore-free , since she is wheelchair bound , that means a lot .
 Great product for stopping diaper rash or the discomfort that comes with it . I would highly recomend to anyone that needs a soothing paste for their babies bottom .
 This ointment helps from minor scratches , burns , all kind of skin allergies ! This is the best on our present market . I use it myself and suggested to all my friends . It is also safe for kids tender skin .
 My mom is almost 95 , and suffers from terrible rashes in the genital area . The caregiver recommended this ointment , and I was just thrilled to find it on Amazon . There are many types of ointments , and we have used them all !!! I recommend trying this if Desitin has not worked for you . I was so happy to find it on Amazon , because we go through a lot of it !!!
 My wife had rashes and itchy spots . A nurse recommended the product . It is fantastic . It eases the itches and by protecting the skin , allows the skin to heal . We are both very pleased with the results .
 My husband is bedridden & I use this on him daily . He does not get any sores . This is a great product . It is much cheaper here that in the stores .
 I had j-pouch surgery -LRB- entire removal of the colon - creation of mini colon using your small intestines -RRB- ... Calmoseptine always gives constant relief for burn and discomfort for your rear !
 Excellent on diaper rash . Great on bug bites , scrapes , even fire coral . Is waterproof and can be used as a very effective and visible sunblock . My dad used it on his hemmeroids and it worked well . Amazon price is at least a third less than I can get it -LRB- if I can find it -RRB- in stores . Add a tube to your first aid kit and your travel pack and you are good to go .
 My wife and I love this stuff . Our newborn son spent a week in the NICU and this is what they used . I figure if the professionals trust it , then so can I . When we got home , we tried Boudreaux 's and found it to be OK , but it rubs off easily . Calmoseptine sticks and stays where you put it . I bought a six-pack so we have several backup tubes at home , one in the diaper bag at all times , and a spare at grandma 's house . We will use other stuff in a pinch , but this really is the best diaper rash ointment you can buy . Plus the price is very reasonable here on Amazon .
 Love the product . `` Sitting on a peppermint patty '' is a perfect description for the initial sensation . Then -LRB- thankfully ! -RRB- nothing for the rest of the day . No itching , no burning , nothing . Even on days when I 'm sitting for extended periods -LRB- office or plane rides -RRB- or active -LRB- skiing -RRB- . Wish I had found out about this stuff year 's ago.One note of caution ! I was surprised that it is 4 oz of WEIGHT -LRB- 1/4 pound of cream ! -RRB- not 4 oz of volume . Too big for carry on . Should have read more carefully . Bought the multi-pack to save a little $ 's . Pretty much set for life on Calmoseptine . ; - -RRB-
 This is the only thing that works on my sons horrific diaper rashes . Our pediatrician recommended it . We tried triple paste , A&D , Boudreaux , desitin , aveeno , arbonne , and just about every other cream & ointment made , none of them worked like this !
 It arrived on time , and it was a good price . I love this stuff for diaper rash , it is much thicker than regular desitin , so it 's good to use on babies when you 're trying to heal diaper rash . I will probably reserve it for that , and just use desitin when my daughter is diaper rash-free . -LRB- It makes a great gift for baby showers and friends with kids , that 's how I found out about it in the first place -RRB- .
 My 6 month old son has eczema and thus extremely sensitive skin . If his skin is wet for any period of time , he 's sure to break out in a rash that can get nasty fast . We 've tried Desitin , Triple Paste , A&D , you name it . Nothing has worked like this works - it 's fast and it keeps him from crying at every diaper change .
 We were given this at the hospital when our baby was in the NICU and it heals diaper rash like nothing else .
 I have tried many products to help fight the fight against the side effects on skin of mild incontinence . Calmoseptine is the only product I have found that lives up to its promises of calming and soothing the irritated skin plus creating a moisture barrier while helping to heal skin irritations caused from contact with urine . I love , love , love this product . My mother , who has mild incontinence issues , also uses and highly recommends this product .
 Dear all , regarding this ointment . I was suffering with my child 's diper rash which last for 2months and it was resistant to all the creams I used ; namely
 I do n't understand why this product is not more well known . This ointment works like a dream . Within one day you see immediate results and by day 3 you would never know there was any kind of diaper rash . My sister gave me samples of this ointment because all her physical therpist friends swore by it and they knew about it because it was used in hospitals for wound treatment . Check out the website for more info . I give this out to all my pregnant friends !
 My son 's Dr. recommended Calmoseptine . After one application the diaper rash was gone ! We use it now as prevention and he has not had anther rash since using this product .
 No hiking dad would be complete without a Kelty kid carrier . We have taken ourseverywhere . From Disneyworld to the Redwoods . They distribute the weight to your hipsmaking it much easier to carry a child where ever you want to go .
 My husband and I have used sling type carriers for our kids for years . However , my older kids have outgrown the slings and we wanted another carrier that we could use . I 'd heard great things about Kelty carriers , but never seen anyone using one nor had I seen a store selling them in our area . Then we found them on sale at Scheel 's . As soon as we tried it on , we were amazed . We put our 34 month old -LRB- who is almost 30 pounds -RRB- in it and we did n't even feel like we were wearing him ! Our kids loved being up where they could see the world . The day after we bought it , we took a long walk around our neighborhood , which has lots of steep hills . We did n't even get winded or sore ! This is truly a great carrier for both long and short walks , camping/hiking , or anywhere !
 Love the product ! Even though it is a bit bulky my son of 7 months loves it ! I outgrew the Bjorn because my back was killing me and hated having to keep my son in the stroller . We purchased this carrier and it is great ! Sits high above your head so he can enjoy his own views . I only wish it had more pockets for baby supplies etc. . . but I believe there are other models that have theat feature ! Very comfortable on the back as well and a very light but sturdy product !
 Excellent Design and Construction . Just hiked the cliff walk in Newport and my son loved it . Looking forward to more outdoor adventures with my family .
 I hold off using this carrier until baby gets too big for my front carrier and too big for my stripped down lightweight plastic frame carrier which does n't have as good of support on the waist belt . This kelty has a great waist belt and a nice bumper for the kid to fall asleep while hiking . It is heavier -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- and is bulky in the car , but it 's well balanced , easily adjustable for different height parents and babies , and I macgyvered a canopy to make it fit this carrier . The backpack and back ventilation is nice too . Mine is older and I did n't like how the tummy pad cut into my baby 's belly , so I had to go into that piece and take out some of the foam that was making it too rigid . Something to look for when you try it out .
 The backpack is wonderful ! It is fairly light and my baby enjoys riding in it . He has basically outgrown the bjorn , and I wanted something that I could use to carry him as I walked around the neighborhood -LRB- with an active dog on a leash -RRB- , shopped in a large store , or went on a short hike . The backpack works well for all of these activities . We took the pack overseas with us , too . Sometimes we collapsed it and put it into a duffel bag and other times we checked it -LRB- as we did a stroller -RRB- -- we had no trouble with it with the airlines . Another plus is that we can easily move the straps so that both my husband and I can wear it . Finally , it is sturdy -- I feel quite comfortable having my baby ride in it .
 I am surprised by the other reviews stating that this teething ring had a smell . Maybe there was just a bad batch or two because the one I have never smelled at all . Also , I have had it for a long time now and it has not chipped like one unfortunate reviewers has . It is cute and colorful and catches baby 's eye . However , my kids have never really been big fans of teething rings or toys and this one was no exception . My kids liked holding it when it was cold -LRB- having put it in the freezer etc. -RRB- but once it was no longer cool the excitement of it was gone .
 I primarily breastfeed my kiddos , but I like to keep a few bottles on hand to help when I 'm not around . These have been some of my favorite bottles that I 've used with my son . There are several little pieces that are part of these bottles , but they seem to do a good job of limiting gas , etc. . You do want to make sure that you 've got all of the pieces attached correctly or they will leak . I like that they are dishwasher safe and the 3 pack is a convenient size .
 I started with Dr. Browns bottles but since I do n't have a dishwasher I was ready to shoot myself when cleaning them . These are so much better.Super easy to clean -LRB- I just soak everything in the sink with hot water , dish soap and a little white vinegar -RRB- and the bent angle has been great . My baby is a super fast eater and I can actually slow him down by twisting the bottle while in his mouth after a few gulps and letting him suck on the empty nipple , then twist back again to give him a little more , repeat the process until he 's done . He has a fit if you take the bottle out of his mouth . I thought that would make him super gassy but it has n't at all.I have n't had any leaks -LRB- I have 12 bottles -RRB- and I even use a warmer although they recommend not using one . I found the condensation from the warmer does collect in the bottom lid gap but I just cap the bottle , turn upside and tap the bottom on a kitchen towel to get the excess water out.Highly recommend these if you have a fast eater !
 we bought this for my daughter because we do a combination of breast feed and formula feed . This one is more natural to other bottles we have used before and also the ventaire technology is simple yet amazing . our daughter used to get a lot of gas with AVENT bottles but ever since we switched to these she did not have any problems . Also you dont have to burp her as much , very minimal amount of gas actually goes in while feeding.i recommend this product to every parents .
 I love these bottles . My breastfed baby goes back and forth between the breast and the bottle so easily with these . They are super easy to clean because they come completely apart -LRB- the bottom comes off -RRB- and they do n't leak . The shape is great for holding and the colors are nice and generic.Highly recommended !
 When a couple has a baby , it opens up a whole new range of possibilities and choices , the vast majority of them on uncharted territory . When it comes to feeding the little guy and a bottle is needed , my niece had gas trouble with the original nipple for the bottle . But since she got these , the baby is less gaseous , happier , and that means his parents sleep a little better at night . This now is her preferred brand , thanks to the Vine program .
 effective , washable baby feeding bottles . I gave this item to a friend who recently become a mother , and she really enjoyed this product . Definite recommend .
 This bottle design was great for my little one . We had been using shorter , fatter bottles and it was frustrating to my daughter since she really wanted to hold it on her own , but she had difficulty with the bottle design . With these bottles , she was able to hold it up pretty well rather quickly . The bottles are easy to clean and sanitize . For my little one the fast-flow nipples were a little fast , but I was able to get slow-flow nipples for the bottles and it worked perfectly .
 We started giving our daughter one bottle a day around 2 weeks of age , and are otherwise breastfeeding.We started with Avent bottles since people swear by them ... but it seemed as though she was dribbling out more milk than she was swallowing.So , we tried the Platex Natural Shape VentAire with stage 1 nipples , and have had great success . She switches easily between bottle and breast , and the fluid-flow seems right for her . Also , I can hear the air coming out of the vents -LRB- instead of into her tummy , but I know that swallowing some air is inevitable -RRB- . Cleaning them is so easy since the bottom can be removed.Just to note , we also tried a Dr Brown 's bottle , and she definitely had more gas from that bottle than she does with the Platex!Since I have heard the same complaints with Avent / success with Platex from other parents -LRB- with both breastmilk and formula -RRB- . I now recommend the Platex .
 My daughter had a very bad problem with gas , and after going through about a dozen diffrent bottles we tried the VentAire ones . They were the best thing ever . She stopped spitting up and we never had to use the gas drops again . And another great thing is that if the disk in the bottom gets torn or worn out you can call playtex and they will sand you new ones -LRB- up to 6 -RRB- at no cost and an order form if you need more . If we have another child we will use these right from the start .
 Folks , any bottle will leak if you do n't seal it properly.We used the narrow VentAire bottles on our first child , and are now using the wide ones on our second . The only time we 've ever had a leak was when we did n't screw on the bottom properly . It 's not rocket science.Some folks say these have a `` lot of parts '' , or are hard to assemble . Bottle , top , bottom , disc and nipple . It 's not like assembling a radio from a pile of transistors and a soldering iron . You want a bottle that 's hard to assemble ? Get a Dr. Brown 's . Or try the Evenflow Elan -- I dare you to get the nipple in the ring on your first try.Go to Target . Get a couple of the baskets for the parts -LRB- the kind that the nipples go in the top -RRB- . Do n't overfill the baskets . Put them in the top rack of the dishwasher along with the bottle itself . Wash them , be happy.These bottles are great at preventing a vacuum from forming in the bottle , reducing the amount of gas that baby receives . Of course , your baby will get SOME gas and will still need to be burped , but it 's a whole lot less .
 I had originally purchased the Playtex Premium nursers for my son because according to the reviews I had seen , they seemed to be the best choice to support breastfeeding . They work great , but when I started storing milk in the liners in my freezer I realized they take up too much space and I could only store as many as I had storage kits for . -LRB- I had two kits , so could store only 8 bottles -RRB- . As I tried to find a more economical solution while building up a reserve of milk for when I return to work , I discovered these . My son likes these just as well as the nursers and now I do n't have to buy storage bags and disposable liners . I have not had any problems with these leaking . I think the trick is to put them together BEFORE baby is hungry so you can make sure the vent disc is secure without trying to rush . Another great product Playtex !
 I just wanted to assure anyone debating on these bottles that they are great . With my 1st child I used the regular vent air when they 1st came out and I loved them so using them again was a natural choice for me however I did change to the natural shape . My new baby had trouble latching on to regular nipples at the hospital however once we came home and he used the natural shape vent air and his troubles were gone . I did also buy the regular vent air for travel purposes since the bottles are smaller however the stage 1 nipples that they came with do not let enough milk out he sucked for about an hour barely getting 2 ounces out and I did follow all the directions even tried repearcing the nipples with a needle . They only work with the stage 2 niples which may have too much flow for a newborn . I had no problems with the natural shape nor have I had any problems with leaks from the bottom just make sure to tighten it well . I give these bottles 5 stars the 2nd time around .
 i really like these bottles . i started off with the regular playtex bottles and hated having to put in liners and mixing the formula in a separate container and boy did they leak !! but then i switched to these . you can see how it separates the bubbles . the nipples fit in baby 's mouth better . i can mix the formula in the bottle . no liner !! parts are much cheaper if they need to be replaced . do n't have to buy liners all the time so i save money . there are a bunch of parts to put together but considering everything else i would n't use any other bottle . also . my arm does n't get tired out from having to hold the bottle up at an angle . it 's already angled . and i 've had no problem with them leaking even a little bit .
 I had my daughter on the playtex premium nursers but buyinging liners and burping them is real pain when you have 2 kids both under 4 years old . . so I bought these off ebay and she likes them just as much as the nursers . . I would tell anyone to buy them . . great product !
 Out of all the bottles that we have tried , these are the ones that we are going to stick to ! We previously used the regular ventaire bottles , and they worked just as good , but we switched to these because my baby is still breastfeeding and the shape of these nipples were perfect ! The bottles are small but chunky enough to hold and cleaning them is easier than cleaning the Dr Brown bottles -LRB- which did n't work for us -RRB- . The colors are pleasant to the eye , but best of all -- they really work !! My baby does n't have cramps and does n't spit up at all anymore ! I love these bottles so much , they are worth the money you pay for them !
 These were the first bottles we tried with our newborn , and she had no trouble switching from breast to bottle . Now she 's formula-fed , and we still use them . The only drawback is that they are more difficult to put together and take apart than the average bottle . Also , you have to make sure the bottom and top are screwed on properly , or you 'll have a HUGE mess ! They do seem to do what they claim to ... vent the air so that your baby is n't full of bubbles .
 Being a nursing mom , I was very concerned that bottles would complicate the latch habits of my new daughter . The nipples that come with my breast pump tended to collapse on her during meals , and she just could n't seem to get comfortable on them , since they need a completely different mouth position than nursing . Playtex VentAires to the rescue ! -LRB- Imagine superhero music playing here . -RRB- The VentAire nipples were immediately familiar to my daughter and she was able to nurse well . Not only that , but I noticed that after a few feedings with the VentAire bottles , which encourage a baby to open very wide for the nipple , that her latch when actually nursing was much improved . The bottles had actually gotten her in the habit of opening wide wide wide , much more so than by nursing alone . So I can honestly say that these bottles improved our non-bottle nursing experience as well . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . If your baby is going to be both nursing and taking the occasional bottle , look no further .
 My daughter is 8 weeks , and breastfed . At 6 weeks I had to go back to work and initially tried the Avent bottles . She choked on the long nipples and they were too hard . These bottles and nipples are great , they are softer and smaller , like real nipples , and the cool VentAire deisgn makes her less gassy . If your child is breasfed and you have to bottle feed , I highly recomend the VentAire Natural Shape bottles .
 I am writing this review to give other `` seeking '' parents my take on these bottles.First of all , I must say that 5 years ago I used the regular Ventaire bottles . I loved them ! What a heaven sent to have my baby eat without being soaked , and without any gas problems . I never did mind washing all the parts , in fact for me it was such a blessing to have my baby enjoy eating that I looked forward to washing his bottles everyday !! = -RRB- Now that I have a newborn neice who stays with me during the day I can say that buying her the new Ventaire Natural Shape bottles has been a blessing too ! My neice -LRB- 2 months old -RRB- did n't like her Avent bottles very much . They leaked off and on , and were just a hassle to feed with . So , I bought my neice these Ventaire Natural Shape bottles and she too is now loving her feeding time . Again , I have no problems with washing a few extra parts . When you find a bottle that works well for your baby you need to stick with it , and this bottle is so worth trying and sticking with !!
 Every baby is different and likes different things , I am breast feeding but on the occasion my daughter needs a bottle this is the only bottle she likes . I tried avent bottles but they do n't have a nipple like the playtex . the playtex bottles have a texture on them to feel like the real nipple . The avent bottles do n't and my baby ca n't latch on .
 this bottle is awesome ! i breastfeed primarily , but my son uses this bottle while at daycare . he loves the large nipple and has very little gas after eating . they are easy to clean and easy for my son to hold onto and feed himself . i recommend it to everyone !
 I am a breastfeeding mommy , and I bought this system to supplement pumped milk . I love it ! It really does the trick . The nipples are the perfect shape . I bought the 9oz . so my baby could use them as his appetite increases . I accidentally bought the wrong nipples , so make sure you buy slow nipples for a newborn , but it is wonderful . It really cuts down on his gas . I just wish I had bought more .
 I ordered these bottles because they claim to alleviate gaseiness , my 3 month old had horrible gas issues . i used these bottles for over a month , and her gaseiness was gone .
 Quality and durability is great . Our son simply preferred a different style bottle and nipple . Some babys are picky . These are worth a try to find one your child likes .
 I tried these bottles hoping my baby would like them but unfortunately , she still refused to accept them over the breast . She did use them a few times though and did n't have a problem with excess gas or anything.I think the nipples were a little hard but most silicone ones are . We traded to some Playtex latex nipples , which fit perfectly and were softer , more like the breast . She actually drank 4 oz out of it with that nipple.I like that they were different colors and easy to clean because the bottoms come off . I would recommend these to others .
 excelentes para que los ni & ntilde ; os no sufran de c&oacute;licos , yo las uso siempre , y adem&aacute;s son bonitas , lo &uacute;nico malo es que no puedo elegir los colores .
 These bottles are the best I have used . They come in attractive colors , but most importantly , they are great for semi-upright feeding . The angle of the bottle body actually does help reduce gas and spitups in my baby as claimed by the company . I used AVENT bottles before and they were horrible with leaking , but the Playtex Ventaire bottles solve that problem . These bottles are great for storing breastmilk or formula for quick feedings and the nipple shape is `` natural '' meaning it 's more like the shape of a real nipple . I 've found this has helped my baby as we switch between breast and bottle feeding . The caps for the bottles snap on really well and prevent spills if the bottle gets tipped over.Although there are several parts to be cleaned after each use -LRB- the nipple , cap , vent disk , bottle body -RRB- all of the parts are easy to clean and can be sterilized safely using a microwave sterilizer . I will never use any other bottle but these again !
 My daughter -LRB- 5 months old -RRB- has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we 've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried Dr. Brown , evenflo , Gerber NUK , pretty much every kind we could find , and still no luck . I thought we 'd give these a try since the nipple is wide and short -LRB- more similar to the `` real thing '' -RRB- and she will now take a bottle ! In addition to the nipple being good , they have the air reducer -LRB- attached to the bottom -RRB- that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling . They come apart easily -LRB- into 4 pieces
 I used VentAire bottles with my daughter 12 years ago and was excited to get a chance to try them again . I am blown away at the product today .1 . The bottom valve is easy to remove and clean and goes back together like a dream .2 . When the baby drank , there were no bubbles at all around the mouth so I know the valve in the bottom was working as it is supposed to .3 . The wide mouth style was super easy to clean . Yes , there are some extra parts , but nothing like the Dr. Brown 's bottles I used with my son .4 . The baby easily took to the nipples.The only complaint I had was that all the bottles came with fast flow nipples . If you 're buying these for a small baby , you will likely need to replace them with slower flow nipples to start with .
 would NEVER buy any other bottle but these . I have 12 of them . they were great . I have some of the more $ $ ones and those leaked . Not playtex wide ventAire . THey were excelent . great if you are breastfeeding -LRB- wide nipple only -RRB- . I realized that you can never have too many bottles with my boy !!! : -RRB-
 After quite a few issues breastfeeding I went to multiple support group sessions in my county , all the lactation consultants recommended this bottle especially if you have to supplement or have other issues.My daughter at 4 months goes back and forth beautifully -LRB- great for a working mom ! -RRB- A bit frustrating that my pump is not compatible -LRB- Avent -RRB- so I have storage bottles and feeding bottles and somehow I managed to get two systems with lots of little parts but my girl is happy and healthy so it 's all worth it !
 The nipple is one that got rave reviews . It is not difficult for a baby to drink from the nipple which is a good and reasonable size.I like the way the bottles come in sections which make clean up jobs easier . You do n't have residual feedings left in these bottles for that very reason.The angled shape make it easy for whoever is holding the bottle . The weight is more or less evenly distributed and leakage , if any is minimal . This also results in less gas and burping and a cleaner feeding time all around .
 First of all , all babies are different . SO those of you who have put on here how awful these bottles are , well they were awful for your baby . Mine has a little bit of GERD , not a terrible case , but if fed and then put flat on his back he will suffer . We have been switching between these and the Breast Flow bottles and I have found that he rarely spits up with these bottles and rarely has gas . He seems much more comfortable after being fed from these . So for my baby these are awesome , however the key here is to also buy the SLOW FLOW nipples . Babies should n't be using the fast flow anyways , they flow faster than their stomaches can tell them to stop eating . Also , a lot of babies will gag on the faster nipples . Mine certainly does . The slow flow are more like breast feeding also . SO good luck and I recommend giving these a try -LRB- with the other nipple -RRB- .
 1 . These bottles are very easy to clean . I like how the bottom parts comes out , which makes your cleaning job easy .2 . My baby does not have spit up or gas problem while using these bottles .3 . No leakage problems4 . No nipple confusion . Baby loves the wide nipple , and it was easy to transition from breastfed to bottle-fed .
 It is important if yor baby is spitting up alot/has alot of painful gas/seems congested to have them checked for reflux which starts around 4 weeks . Our little one was very gassy and congested and breathing around the nipple on his other bottles . We switched to this bottle around the time he started his med for the reflux and it has really helped . No more wimpering in pain or sudden shrieking cries because a gas bubble is caught or his throat is on fire . He is really hard to burp as well so these bottles have been a godsend.Yes there are a couple extra pieces , but I like that I can get things REALLY clean and I just assemble the bottle for the next feeding while heating the current one ... so no problem in the middle of the night ! If it 's leaking , something is n't threaded right . I 've never had one leak.Frankly , the couple extra steps these bottles take past the norm is totally worth the reduction of pain in my infant ...
 I love these bottles . They are great !! I never had my 9 week old spit up . As far as leaking goes I have never had one of these bottles leak and I used these bottles and the older ones on my now eight year old . These are the best bottles I have ever used .
 We love these bottles and recommend them to all of our friends with babies .
 Being a first time parents , my husband & I were n't sure which bottles to use . We registered for Avent -LRB- which leaked all over our daughter , made her gassy and spit up alot -RRB- , Gerber -LRB- also made her gassy and spit up more -RRB- and our third try were the Ventaire . Finally a bottle that worked great ! She does n't drown while eating from a leaking bottle , she spits up less and has less gas ! These are the best bottles around . We also use a microwave steam sterilizer on them and they are fine . First , we wash them with the bottle brush and hot soapy water , then sterilize them in the micro and they come out great ! I highly recommend !!!
 Ok , first time Dad here . We went through dozens of nipples to find the right ones . Spend the extra money and get better nipples . These are the ones to buy . Not for the crooked bottle because that is more for show but more for the nipple . My son has a hard time collapsing these puppies and they seem to allow him more control of the flow.However , be careful a slight misalignment can cause a big spill . I found that if I wiggled the bottle off to one side or the other just slightly it let him drool the formula all over himself . So just line it up and you will love them . I put all the other nipples away and bought a dozen more . Also the smaller versions of these same bottles are just as good.Cheaper nipples have to be constantly adjusted to make sure the baby can eat . I like these and recommend to all .
 I really like the wide mouth of the bottle and the fact that they come apart and are dishwasher safe . My only complaint is that when I need to take the top ring off to warm or wash a bottle , I have such a difficult time loosening it . There are no grips on the top ring -LRB- like the drop-in bottles -RRB- so they are hard to grab and I believe that as the air goes out the bottom vent , it creates a sort of vacuum that really seals the top ring . If playtex put grips on the tops , they would be a five star bottle .
 Let me say first that there is no one perfect bottle that will work for everyone . Every baby is different and has different needs . For our son , these bottles were the only ones that worked . I wish I had tried them sooner but instead I tried every other one first . Then I saw these and bought one . It was a miracle for me . All the other bottles with stage one nipples were too easy for my son to suck from and he would eat too fast . Then he would throw up right after he was done . Not spit up , but throw up . With these bottles , he was able to drink a bottle at a slower rate and we have had no need to look anywhere else . We have n't had any problems at all with these bottles . They are great !
 We liked these bottles right from the start . The work well with keeping air out and our baby girl really seems to like them . The only trouble we seem to have is that the nipples stop working . We have been using the bottles for the last 5 weeks and put them in the dishwasher to clean -LRB- they are diswasher safe -RRB- . I am not sure if it is the dishwasher that is doing it , but so far 5 nipples over the last 2 weeks have just stopped working . When I turn them upside down , no milk comes out . I called playtex and they said we were doing nothing wrong , and did not know why they stopped working . They sent me coupons for new nipples , but it is still a real pain to have to replace them .
 These are the only bottles my 8 week old will drink from . Its not convinient to constantly breast-feed and these bottles are perfect . The nipple on this bottle is so `` real '' and is the only one my boy will use . My son did have gas problems , but after these bottles the problem fanished ! I find them really easy to clean and I have used these bottles with my now 20 month old twin boys -LRB- just without the natural nipples -RRB- The bottom piece is a godsend since I dont have to SCRUB to get the gunk out of the bottle ! These are truely great bottles , and they dont leak either !
 I used these with my now 3 year old b/g twins and my now 8 month old b/b twins . My boys still use these , though now we also mix in some other cheaper bottles and use these mainly for bedtime . They really were easier to clean , because food didnt get stuck on the bottom , and they really kept the gas at bay . My sons still nurse occasionally and get breastmilk , and they will take ANY bottle nipple , but for a while this was the ONLY one they would take , so I consider it their favorite . These bottles are really easy to use , and they are , in fact easier to clean ! They fit in my Avent bottle sterilizer and they are a nice shape to get the milk easier . I recomend these for all new moms . Though there are many parts , they work MUCH better than the avents and live up to their word that they make gas much less frequent and a problem .
 Out of all the bottles that we have tried , these are the ones that we are going to stick to ! We previously used the regular ventaire bottles , and they worked just as good , but we switched to these because my baby is still breastfeeding and the shape of these nipples were perfect ! The bottles are small but chunky enough to hold and cleaning them is easier than cleaning the Dr Brown bottles -LRB- which did n't work for us -RRB- . The colors are pleasant to the eye , but best of all -- they really work !! My baby does n't have cramps and does n't spit up at all anymore ! I love these bottles so much , they are worth the money you pay for them !
 I love the Vent-air bottles - tthat has been all we have been using for months now . I bought 1 of these becasue my son used to use Avents . he hated the nipple on the bottle . The bottle itself is fine . I love how it comes apart becasue it makes it so easy to clean . It is kind of hard to hold becasue it is so wide though . I ca n't take off too many stars for my son 's personal preference but just because a baby likes one natural nipple does n't mean he will like another .
 I have been using Dr. Brown 's bottles since my 7 month old was born and they have been great at reducing bubbles in my son 's bottles and he hardly ever spits up . I hated having to clean all the parts though . You even need a special tiny brush to clean out the straw inside the bottle . But , I put up with the inconvenience because they were such great bottles . Then , I joined BzzAgent.com and was sent a couple of these Playtex Ventaire bottles to try . I am in love ! They are super easy to use and even easier to clean . The best part is that they are just as effective at reducing bubbles and they are cheaper , more user-friendly , and come in cute colors ! I see no need to spend three times as much on Dr. Brown 's when these are just as good and allow me to play with my baby instead of washing bottles all day .
 I highly recommend the Playtex Ventaire Natural Shape bottles - both in the `` newborn '' and `` toddler '' size of 6 and 9 ozs . The small bottles come with the `` Stage 1 '' nipple , which has a lower flow rate -- perfect for the little ones . As the baby gets bigger and needs a faster flow of formula , you just switch out the nipple to `` Stage 2 '' from the larger sized bottle . Granted , there 's a lot of bits and pieces to wash -- but with a dishwasher it 's a snap . I would suggest the Munchkin Dishwashwer basket -LRB- the full size -RRB- to go with your purchase . The Munckin basket can hold 3 nipples side-by-side in the lower compartment , and the bottom pieces in the top . Then , just slip the main center piece through the spines in the top dishwasher rack .
 I used Avent for my first child with no problem but for my 2nd child they simply did not work . My son was born with slight tongue-tie and had lots of problems with the nipple of Avent bottles . He kept spitting milk out of the side of his mouth and would fuss and stiffen up at night especially from the gas pains . I read about VentAire bottles and thought I 'd give them a try ! Since we have been feeding him with the VentAire natural bottles he has been a completely different baby . He sleeps better and does n't stiffen up from gas pain . He hardly spits up at all and burps much easily . He does n't spit milk out of his mouth anymore . He has the best contented look on his face when I am feeding him with these bottles . They are easy to use , cute and colorful , and have a great nipple for my son . They did leak one time but that was because I did n't put the ring on correctly and have n't leaked since . I highly recommend these bottles ; especially if your baby is fussy or gassy !
 I first started using the playtex nurser , in which you dispose of the liners but i noticed the that the 8oz bottle were maybe being filled to 7 oz or a little more . with this problem i would have to refill the bottle and give my baby her last 2oz . MY husband did some research and found that playtex made these . well i absolutely love them . They do not leak . If you place the bottom ring right , you will not have this problem . also my daughter was sufferring from gas when she was a newborn and this helped to alleviate the problem.Now for the problem of sometimes the bottom ring being lost somewhere . you can simply call playtex and they will be more than happy to send you a couple of replacements free of charge and they also send you an order form and the cost i believe was like 2 rings for $ 1.00 . i really like this bottle as it does not leak and it is very easy to clean . other bottles leave that white film in the creases . NOT THE PLAYTEX you get into every crevice.you do not have to deal with bags which can be costly for a few people that they go recycling the liners which is very unhygenic and nasty.i recommend this bottle over any other . my friends were even disappointed with their avent bottles that they ended buying this playtex.also this bottle is a great transition from breast to bottle as my daughter did not notice a difference.i hope that anyone who buys this bottle is happy with their purchase . but please keep in mind that if u rush in putting bottle together and do not place ring correctly you will be bound to get leaks .
 I love these bottles . My son has reflux and a lot of gas and these have helped to ease both . If used correctly , they do NOT leak and are easy to keep clean . My son transitions well between bottle and breast . The nipples are slow flow and if you do n't follow the directions correctly after boiling you will have a hard time feeding your little one . But , I highly recommend these !
 We have been using these bottles off and on since our son was about 6 weeks old . He has no trouble going back and forth between these bottles and the breast . We do n't find them complicated to use or to keep clean , and we have never had troubles with the holes being too tight or anything.We think they are worth the extra money !
 My Daughter has been using these bottles from day one with ease . She is now 10 months and still has had no problems . This is our second child and we have tried several others brands and types , but nothing has compared . This is a great product , we love them . And most importantly so does she .
 We tried a couple of other bottle brands -LRB- J&J , Avent -RRB- for our 4-week old . Even with the stage-1 nipples , the milk came out too quickly and would overflow our baby 's mouth and get him very agitated -LRB- he downed 5 oz . on the first feeding before we stopped him ! -RRB- . The bottle-feeding experience would send him into a tizzy for a couple of hours . The first time we tried the VentAire , our baby fell asleep after about 2-3 oz . as he did when nursing at the breast . Perfect !
 After trying out so many different bottles , these are the ones that worked best ! My husband and my mom are the only two people that feed my son with bottles and I have made them use all sorts ! These were easy once they got the hang of it ! No more gassy fits , spitting up , cramps , etc ! I have never had a problem with them leaking and I have taken them with us to the park , shopping , and on outings ! My baby loves the wide , textured nipple and he frequently switches from breast to bottle without any complications ! These are great bottles !
 I LOVE THEM NO PROBLEMS LIKE THE AVENT BOTTLES ... I HIGHLY RECOMMED THEM ...
 finally a bottle that works ! it 's amazing how this bottle has holes on the bottom but does not leak ! i 've read from other reviews that people have trouble with these leaking , but they do not leak at all ! they must be doing something wrong ! these bottles are easy to clean and my baby takes to them very easily ! he is completely content and satisfied after every feeding ! wish they had made these bottles when my other son was still a baby !
 WE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work . The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we 've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used ... The work as advertised , all WE have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work . The vent Aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we 've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used ... The work as advertised , allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats ... removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.Cons : _ you ca n't warm a bottle in hot water , since the bottom is n't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean , dry , and assembled correctlyI probably would not use one as a carry bottle , but for filling right before using ... Other than that ... my son sees to burp less with them , so they are working as advertised .
 I tried some of the originals of this product when they hit the market . We had a very colicky baby and tried anything we could to help her . Including these overpriced bottles.The good : The do drastically reduce gas compared to standard bottles.They are easy to sanitize since they can be disassembled.They come in really pretty colors.The newer models seem to have better rubber rings that the first design.The bad : There are other bottles that do a better job of reducing gas.They are a PAIN IN THE BUTT to clean . Must be completely disassembled.If you do n't fit the rubber rings in to perfection , they leak.They do n't always leak right away , so if you prep a bottle ahead of time , you may find it in the fridge seeping out everywhere.The rings break down after continued use and you will have to replace them.Replacement rings are so hard to find and expensive that you 're better off buying new bottles.The do n't fit in any standard bottle holder because of their strange shape.They are incompatible with bottle warmers.I will continue to use these because my baby is almost off of bottles and they were really pricey to acquire , but I would n't endorse them highly .
 I love these bottels . After using glass bottles with a standard nipple for a few weeks , my baby decided that the nipple was to small . These wide bottles are perfect for him as I am still nursing him while he is not at daycare . Makes it easy for him to go from bottle to breast with no problems . The angled bottle makes it easy to feed letting in no air . I have never had a problem with leaking , those that do might not tighten the parts enough . There are about 5 parts total to the bottle , but it is very easy to take apart and clean with no special tool needed . I only give 4 stars because they do n't sell the the little vent disk that goes in the bottom of the bottle seperatly . It does come with two extra disks , but might be helpful to also sell extra disks at the store . Highly recommended !
 The vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk . The flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles . However , the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby 's mouth -LRB- < 2mo old -RRB- which leads to messiness.Other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak . There are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.I have both the `` wide '' and `` standard '' versions and there is n't any difference when it comes to feeding . The nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference . I prefer the wide version because it is shorter -LRB- < 7 '' -RRB- which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.As far as reducing gas , I have n't noticed any difference between these bottles andThe First Years Breastflow Bottlewhich I also use . I typically prefer The First Years bottle because of the slower flow . However , this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.Overall , this is a fine baby bottle despite the minor drawbacks .
 I use the Playtex Venti Aire Advanced Wide bottles with my daughter -LRB- now 6 months -RRB- . I tried other bottles , but liked these best . Because I breastfeed and use formula , the wide bottle is important because it is similar to the breast . It is important to note the nipple flow the bottles come with . I use a slow flow nipple with my bottles and did n't realize these came with FAST flow nipples -LRB- I 'm sure it said it somewhere in the description , but I did n't see it -RRB- . You can purchase different flow nipples separately -LRB- and I had to -RRB- , but to spare the extra cost and shopping trip , make sure to check the description to get exactly what you want .
 My favorite is the Playtex Drop-ins bottles , just because you do n't have to wash bottles and can just throw in a new liner , but these are my second favorite . I bought the wide ones so I can easily switch the nipples to my drop-ins bottles . The only thing with these is one of them leaks a tiny bit . When I shake up the bottle to mix the formula , sometimes drips go flying . Other times they can be filled with water and in my diaper bag all day without a drop missing . I 'd still recommend them .
 We just transitioned from the slow flow Playtex drop-ins and we are very happy with how well our son has used the VentAire bottles . The nipples are fast flow , but it has n't affected him at all .
 I bought these with the * slow flow * nipples for my granddaughter who having an awful time spitting up and seemed to be having belly aches using the standard ones this has stopped all of that , she is nursed but was taking a bottle when mom was at work she started to refuse to nurse from her bottle and would cry fro hours so after getting on Amazon and reading up on all the different types of bottles and nipples I decided to get these and thank God I did because Ayla is now taking her bottles without any fuss no more spitting up and belly aches and crying.Like some of the other people we havent had any problems with the bottles leaking or the lettering coming off.I bought the the 9oz . too be careful because it said they were coming with the * slow flow nipples * and came through with the fast flow which isnt what I wanted so we 'll have to buy new nipples . . dont know why they didnt come with the slow flow ones so be sure you check before you order them maybe Amazon needs to fix that , other than that these bottles are great and Ayla seems to love them and so do we .
 Follow the directions first . If you boil the nipples , you wo n't have any problems . My 5-month old son is holding these all by himself and drains a bottle in minutes . I think the flow of the milk is much faster in these compared to other bottles we 've used . It 's only been a few days , but my son seems to like them more . But what do I know ? I 'm not drinking out of them ... I give them 5-stars and if something comes up we do n't like , I will change my review .
 I love these bottles . I 'm a working mom who is trying to breastfeed . My daughter has not got nipple confusion yet and does n't seem to have a problem with gas from these bottles .
 I have tried several types of bottles for my baby & have found that I like these for a few reasons . . # 1 - I like the shape of the bottle . The Evenflo Comfi bottles have a similar curved shape but the nipples are awful . # 2 - I like the quick heat up . I use a bottle warmer most of the time & with a hungry baby crying for a bottle , I like that I can quickly heat these bottles up in just a bowl of hot water because of the vented bottom . # 3 - No bubbles . Unlike the Avent which become filled with bubbles . In fact I will be buying more VentAire bottles next week to replace my Avent & Evenflo bottles !
 I love these and the 6 oz size for my newborn , especially while I was still breastfeeding . My daughter had no problems going back and forth between bottle and breast . If the bottles are assembled correctly , the milk will not get any bubbles.I had problems with some of the slow flow nipples , the milk just would n't come out , but once we got passed that I was really glad I picked VentAire . It 's a lot of parts to wash and keep track of , but that 's a small price to pay for a gas-free baby .
 These bottles are great . I am breastfeeding my daughter and she has had no problems switching between breast and these Vent Aire . She does n't want anything to do with the Avent bottles.I used the older `` model '' of this bottle with my son and liked it , but I feel that the new `` natural shape '' design is even better . Highly recommend .
 I like the VentAire bottles , they are easier for my baby to hold while eating , and do seem to reduce gas . The only downsides - the neck opening is a little small , it makes it more difficult to scoop formula into the bottle , and sometimes the nipple will collapse . Those are small problems though , i would still recommend using these bottles , my son loves drinking from them .
 I purchased the ventaire because of the unique system for keeping air out of the baby . Unfortunately , they did n't have the larger nipples like the playtex nurser until just recently . The baby did n't like the smaller nipples and I was ` stuck ' always feeding him before bed . With the natural shape nipples coming out , Dad feeds him formula before bed and I have some freedom ! Alex is happy because of no air in his belly , Mom can go out and Dad gets to bond with him - we are happy!It 's 2007 and our second baby has used the same bottles ! We would still highly recommend them ! We had to get the pink rings and more nipples but that is it ! Definately worth the money !
 This bottle was perfect for our little one . She was n't a burper and this bottle helped a lot with her spit up . We tried Avent and Evenflow bottle and they just were n't as good . Only troubling part was all the parts that came with it . The bottle consistes of 5 different parts so when you was dishes you need to make sure you have all the parts before emptying the sink .
 I use ONLY these with both of my children . If you are looking for a slow flow bottles , those are the ones . I have tried several brands , like born free and dr Brown . Even though Born free claim the nipple is slow flow , but my infant just chokes with milk ... Vent Air is easy to assemble and to clean . The angle makes it easier to hold the bottle . Dr Brown has too many parts to clean and to store . Overall , i really like these bottles , and strongly recommend them .
 Best bottle and easy to use ! Does n't create bubbles and my baby was able to hold on her own . Recommend to those transitioning to a bottle .
 these bottles were recommended by our pediatricianthey really do help lessen swallowed air and in turn baby gaswhich helps lessen spit up
 I 'm happy with these bottles so far though they are a bit slow with feeding . The multiple parts -LRB- 5 -RRB- make it easy to get these bottles clean . My baby took to it easily and he 's both a bottle fed and breast fed baby .
 First off , this particular bottle set came with fast flow nipples . Slow flow nipples can be bought as an add-on item here , and I could n't find slow flow nipples at any of my local stores . As far as I can see , there are n't medium flow nipples for this bottle . My baby had mild colic -LRB- unable to BF , so he 's a formula baby -RRB- and after trying Avent , Evenflo and MAM , found that these bottom-venting bottles worked the best for reducing air bubbles in my baby . This is my third baby .
 These are very good bottles . I used them with my daughter because it keeps the air out of the bottles , so babies dont have upset tummies . My son is taking good to them , and they work very well in a bottle warmer .
 These are the first VentAire bottles I 've used , and I 'm impressed ! The air bubbles really do vent out ! My baby was n't too great about taking a bottle before , but he actually started drinking from these . He seems to like the nipple . I like the angled shape of the bottle because it makes for a more comfortable feeding.The one draw back to these bottles is that there are two extra parts to clean . But if I 'm washing a bottle anyway , it 's really not a big deal . I also like that the bottom comes off because It allows for better cleaning .
 NOTE
 these bottles are really good . the bottle is nicely shaped for good flow to the nipple and into the baby 's mouth with out much air . which means less spit ups
 Great bottles . Helped with going from breast to bottle . No issues . Just make sure you have the plastic part in correctly or it will leak .
 I love the Ventaire line of baby bottles but these are by far my favorite . The wide bottle makes it easier for baby to hold on to while the feeder is also able to hold on to assist the baby . I do n't think Ventaire can get any better than these !
 I have been using Avent bottles for my previous two children and after they redesigned them with the insert I found I did n't care for them . I tried these out as an alternative with my third child and I love them . I had tried Playtex in the past but did n't care for the smaller nipple and found that if I was n't really careful with sealing the bottle it would leak . I find that this new Advanced bottle has a wider nipple similar to the Avent bottle and that the pieces in the bottom fit better when closing , My baby has n't had any colic issues with these and we were able to take her off Gripe Water and she still does n't have issues with colic . Therefore , I believe these bottles are doing a great job with keeping the air from going through the nipple . They are easy to clean and store . I highly recommend these if you are looking for a wider nipple and something that is easy to clean but will still prevent airflow to your child .
 There are so many types and styles and brands of bottles on the market now that it 's hard to know which to try and use - often it 's dictated by what your baby chooses and works best for them . We tried many styles/brands of bottles and the Playtex VentAire bottles worked best for us and our daughter - we definitely noticed a lot less spitting up when we used these bottles.The design of the bottle easily reduces the amount of air that baby consumes , and when assembled properly there are no issues with leaks whatsoever . The wider nipple base makes it easier for babies who are transitioning from breast to bottle , and you can purchase nipples with a different flow rate so you do n't have to purchase new bottles as your baby 's needs advance.I love that Playtex now makes their products BPA free , it 's just one more thing to love about their products.As with any of the newer style bottles that are designed to reduce spit-up/colic/gas there are a few extra bottle parts to clean and assemble - with these bottles it is he vent piece that goes in the bottom of the bottle , and the plastic ring that holds it into place . This is a minor draw-back really as it only takes a moment to clean these , and I actually like that it allows me to get the bottle brush all the way through the body of the bottle and clean it thoroughly . Any bottle that does not have an opening at both ends really limits how clean you are able to get it.Overall we are very happy with these - they 're affordable and work very well for us - highly recommended .
 I have used Playtex bottles for all my children . Now on baby number three , I was excited to get the new and improved Playtex bottles . I love the wide because they are easier for my baby girl to grab hold of and learn to hold her own bottle.What I love about this new style is how very little to no air is sucked in . All my kids had problems with gas bubbles as babies and these bottle really helped stop this problem . This meant a better nights sleep for them and me.I also love that Playtex uses bottle liners . Easy cleaning , allows for breastfeeding moms to store milk and many other advantages you 'll find as you use them.Highly recommend these bottle to everyone . Also a great gift for a new mommy to be .
 I love these bottles . The best feature is the fact that it is a wide version , so there is no need for a bottle brush . I like to get my hand in the bottle and clean it . It has a nice natural nipple and the ventaire technology . Definitely my favorite .
 **************************** 1 . This is the only nipple my new baby likes . She did n't like the nipples that her older twin brother/sister used . Making the transition from breast to bottle was fairly simple , as long as I heat the bottle of milk up first ! lol2 . Bottle is easier to clean . Sure it comes in pieces , but I like the fact that because the bottom comes apart , I can really get the bottles clean . The bottom of the conventional bottles would never get quite that clean , even when I use those bottle brushes . The brushes do n't get into the crevices on the bottom so there 's that thin layer of dried milk or something that 's always there .3 . Ergonomically correct in shape . Easy for me to hold , and for the baby to hold as well . Since the bottle curves upwards , the weight of the bottle is dispursed centrally so the baby has an easier time holding it .4 . It seems like I do n't have to burp her so often , and she does n't spit up .5 . Does n't leak if you have it screwed on correctly .
 When I first saw this , I was sure that it would leak , but it just seemed like such an innovative idea that I bought one anyway . The bottle is incredibly easy to clean because both ends can be removed.I unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle . I was so sure that it would leak if I put anything liquid in it . I filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked . It did n't , but I still was n't sure . So , I washed the bottle in hot water . I 've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed . Then , I tried the sheet experiment again . It did n't leak . This bottle is 9 months old and still has n't leaked.I also liked how these bottles were wide and took similar nipples as the disposable bottles from Playtex , which makes switching back and forth from the Playtex disposable and reusable bottles much easier and causes less nipple confusion .
 **************************** 1 . This is the only nipple my new baby likes . She did n't like the nipples that her older twin brother/sister used . Making the transition from breast to bottle was fairly simple , as long as I heat the bottle of milk up first ! lol2 . Bottle is easier to clean . Sure it comes in pieces , but I like the fact that because the bottom comes apart , I can really get the bottles clean . The bottom of the conventional bottles would never get quite that clean , even when I use those bottle brushes . The brushes do n't get into the crevices on the bottom so there 's that thin layer of dried milk or something that 's always there .3 . Ergonomically correct in shape . Easy for me to hold , and for the baby to hold as well . Since the bottle curves upwards , the weight of the bottle is dispursed centrally so the baby has an easier time holding it .4 . It seems like I do n't have to burp her so often , and she does n't spit up .5 . Does n't leak if you have it screwed on correctly .
 Everyone leaving bad reviews are not following directions . The first step is to boil nipple and vent for 5 minutes before first use and weekly thereafter . This prevents nipple collapse and slow flow ! There is a reason why these are so expensive . They are the best bottles out there with a little extra effort . Do n't be discouraged by poor reviews . They work very well .
 I tried these bottles as soon as I saw them in the store , as I was using the playtex disposables with the natural latch nipple and liked the idea of a reusable bottle better , especially with the ventaire `` technology '' . The good points : - The nipple has never collapsed - have n't had a problem with leaking - assembly not too terribly complicated - baby does n't appear any fussier after using them than with the disposables.The bad points : - ca n't use in a bottle warmer . placing in a glass of warm water gets some water in the vent area on the bottom of the bottle and then it dribbles back out during the feeding -LRB- not the milk , just the water used to warm it -RRB- - not supposed to use in a steam sterilizer - nipple much firmer than the same shaped platex disposable nipples , makes it a tad more work for the baby to get milk out . - not sure if it really does what it says it 's supposed to , as I still have to tip the bottle all the way over to keep milk in the nipple.All in all , I still use these bottles but only when my platex disposables are n't clean . It was hard to find a nipple out there that my breastfed baby likes and these have n't caused any problems going back and forth from bottle to breast . These work well for us and they have no major flaws such that I would n't recommend them .
 I was trying the avent bottles with my breastfed baby because everybody says they are the best for switching back and forth . Well I hate to go against the grain but I totally disagree . My baby could n't latch on very well to the avent and even the newborn nipples were too fast . Not to mention you have to lay him almost flat to empty the bottle . I was so excited to find these bottles . He latches on so much better because of the texture and the shape of the nipple . And the flow of milk is slower . The curve of the bottle is great too so it 's easier to leave your baby in a semi-upright position . I would highly recommend these bottles to any breastfeeding mom .
 I am a first time mother to twin sons -LRB- -LRB- now nearly 8 months old -RRB- -RRB- and I was unable to breastfeed for a few reasons , so I purchased a whole LOT of Avent bottles ... HUGE MISTAKE!First let me tell you , NEVER buy a lot of one type of bottle before having your baby test them out ! I sterlized all the avent bottles , wanting to be prepared when I needed them , and now I have a million of them around the house collecting dust because I can not return them ! For a few reasons the Avents did not work for us -LRB- -LRB- not just based on my boys preferances either , I all in all do NOT reccomend those bottles if you or your baby do not like the VentAires ! -RRB- -RRB- . I purchased these bottles and I LOVE them ! My boys only take the natural nipple , and I have yet to see another bottle with a similar nipple shape . They do NOT leak if you put them together properly . First of all , you must make sure that the bottom of the bottle is secured TIGHTLY , and that the disk is put in correctly for you to get the advantages of the vent system . There is no `` special trick '' to getting the bottles to seal correctly so there are n't any leaks , which is how a bottle should be ... you should n't have to line up arrows or wet the rim first , thats none-sense . The curve allows me to easily feed a baby -LRB- -LRB- or two ! -RRB- -RRB- and the shape is great for the release of air to reduce gas problems -LRB- -LRB- which my boys have never had a huge problem with , and I thank the ventaire bottles ! -RRB- -RRB- It is VERY easy to clean , I just rinse out the bottles in the sink -LRB- -LRB- just some warm water and soap -RRB- -RRB- , and then I put the long bottle part on the highest rack of my dishwasher , and the rings , bases , nipples and disks go into the smaller baskets that I purchased for the dishwasher . I have NEVER had a problem with the dishwasher ruining nipples or disks , and so far no leaks -LRB- -LRB- although I do recommend changing nipples and disks every few months , they DO start to wear ! -RRB- -RRB- . There IS one thing I would like to add . One of my friends who has a daughter a bit older than my boys was at first dissapointed in the ventaires because they leaked in her diaper bag while traveling with them ... We realized that this is because the bottle caps are NOT meant for preventing leaks while thrown into a diaper bag ! They are for keeping the nipple sanitary on-the-go . Therefore when I need to bring bottles on a day trip , I put the right about of powdered formula into the bottles required , and carry around a large water bottle separately . When its feeding time I add water , shake , and have a ready-made bottle ! If there is still liquid in the bottle , I cary it straight up in the stroller , or cap it with the solid caps -LRB- -LRB- sold separately ... I found them at BRU -RRB- -RRB- . All in all GREAT bottles , highly recommended !
 We used only Playtex bottles , 1st with the liners , then the regular vent aire , then switched to these . I was breastfeeding when he was a newborn , and the playtex with liners just seemed to make him gassier , even though they are not supposed to . No matter how much air we let out or how much he was burped , he just seemed to be more uncomfortable at the end of the feeding . He had trouble with the nipple on the regular ventaire bottles . It seemed to gag him . So we found these . He did great with them from the beginning and he had less gas problems . The other thing I like is that he can sit more upright when having the bottle . Decreases the chances of ear infections in the little ones , not a cure-all , just makes it less likely . -LRB- I 'm an audiologist and making sure they take the bottle in a more upright position is always one of my suggestions . -RRB-
 I have used all of the Playtex bottles , and these are the best . But I was very frustrated with these bottles at first , because they were n't seeming to work correctly . It seemed that my baby was having to fight to get any of his formula out , and it was extremely frustrating to him . So , I called the Playtex hotline and learned I was doing two things wrong . 1 . You can ONLY use the Ventaire nipples with these bottles . The nurser system nipples are the exact same size and shape , but DO NOT work with these bottles . I do n't know why they do n't make them a slightly different size so they do n't fit . I figured that I could use them since they looked the same , but apparently they work in different ways . 2 . Each time after boiling or even washing the rubber disk in the bottom , you MUST stretch it in all different directions before putting it back together . This is because sometimes the vents will reseal , and not allow any air . The stretching opens them back up.Once I started doing these two things , I found that these are the absolute best and easiest bottles to use . I found that my son -LRB- who has reflux -RRB- does so much better with these bottles than the nurser system bottles . Hope this helps !!
 I was having a hard time finding a bottle for my 2 month old daughter . Every bottle I tried she rejected , making feedings on the go very difficult . I saw this bottle and the caption for easier breast to bottle transitions , and thought it was worth a shot . And finally , she started taking the bottle . The nipple has a unique design and texture to it , not only that but the milk flow is perfect for her and has helped reduce the amount of spit-up after . The bottle is easy to clean because it comes apart from the top and the bottom . I 'm so glad to have found this bottle , that even my stubborn angel liked . Definately worth it .
 We 've gone two different types of bottles before these and these are definitely keepers . We used Avents and Playtex Nursers before these . I liked the Nursers , my daughter hardly had gas , but my husband did n't like burping the bottles . He liked the Avents , but they made my daughter gassy and they leaked . These seemed like a perfect comprimise . And I like how my daughter 's mouth does n't touch the plastic part of the bottle . I would definitely recomend these to people .
 When my son was born , he was admitted into the NICU because he had low blood sugar , so they stuck him on a bottle . While he was there , they told be that he had a lot of gas nad will need to be burped a lot , and that 's just the way it was to be . When I got home I used the little evenflo bottles , and he did have a lot of gas . I thought it was just him . Until i used these bottles . Ever since I started using these bottles , he has been the most happy baby . Air is off of his little belly , there are n't anymore screaming fits from the pain of gas , and overall is just a happier baby.I owe so much to these bottles ! I have both the regular skinny ones in 6 oz and 9oz , and these in both sizes . I wo n't even try to use the other bottles anymore . They are a little pricey , but it is so worth it to have a happy baby !!! Trust me-I KNOW !!!
 This set is great for a baby that is a few months old and is drinking more . I received the neutral kit that included green and yellow bottles that would be appropriate for either a boy or girl . You get three 9 ounce bottles with fast flow nipples . I have the newborn Playtex kit and continue to use the slow flow nipples because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down . The nipples are also supposed to be naturally shaped to aid in breastfeeding , but my baby is exclusively fed pumped milk , so I can not attest to that ability.The bottles are different because of the Ventaire technology . The bottom of the bottle twists off and a rubber vent fits inside . Make sure you twist the bottom on correctly , or milk will leak . They are a little stiff , but after more use it is easier to twist them off and on . Tiny holes in the bottom of the bottle allow air to escape , so your baby is not taking in extra air while eating . I saw bubbles popping and could hear the air escaping while my baby ate . Very cool.The bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating . This helps reduce gas and supposedly colic . It comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.All of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly , making transporting milk easier . Cleaning is easy , just twist off the top and bottom and remove the nipples and vents . All parts have held up well through multiple washings.I would highly recommend these bottles . I have also used Avent , and they are good , but I do believe the Ventaire technology has made my baby less gassy and less fussy .
 My husband and I were beside ourselves with our newborn trying to find a bottle that she would like and would n't create extra air . She was very gassy!We tried everything ... Dr. Browns , Tommy Tippee , and Gerber and none of them worked ... plus the Dr. B and Tommy Tippee are much more expensive . She finally liked the Playtex Ventaire !! The key is the WIDE nipples ... I am nursing as well and you have to get the wide nipples.The only thing is the fast nipples -LRB- which is what they come with -RRB- are way too fast ... -LRB- we started her on these bottles at 4wks ... I had to buy the wide MEDIUM flow WIDE nipples and they work great -RRB- . She 's now 7 wks and the fast nipples are still too fast ... we just tried this am ! Good luck to you but definitely give these a try .
 I bought these bottles when my daughter was born in April 2010 . Since then they have been living up to their brand . My daughter loves these bottles , but the only bad part about it is when I sanitize the bottles . First I was washing them out with warm water and soap then pouring hot water in the bottle and on the nipples . Then a few months after wards I started boiling the nipples and the rest of the bottle parts to sani them . Well after four months of doing that I started to realize that the plastic stopper at the bottom of the bottles was turning color and they were shrinking . So basically the stopper in the bottom of the bottle is to cover the hole at the bottle of the bottle . If not put on right the milk will escape through holes and leak . And that 's what I 'm experiencing . So now I have to buy new ones and go back to my original way of sanitizing them.Other then that they are GREAT bottles to use , and would recommend any one to buy if giving as a gift or using them for their own .
 After trying every nipple at the store our son finally decided on this one . Since the bottle is bent it is easy to have the baby eat every last drop . The only downside is that the printed oz markings wear off within the first few weeks . I found that if you put clear tape over the markings it will help protect them .
 I bought Gerber comforthold bottles and Playtex Ventair natural shape bottles , there were stage ones . My son didnt like Gerber 's nipples since the nipples are too short and he hardly get any thing . i end up buying more PLaytex bottles and threw away Gerber 's nipples and use PLaytex nipples for gerber bottles as well since they fit Gerber Bottles.Another thing i like about these bottles , obviously he got less air after feeding him i didnt have to burp him like i used to with other bottles . the shape of bottles are easy to hold to me and my baby as well . NO LEAKSRECOMMENDED !!!!
 I tried every type of bottle out there . I wanted to make sure my son was getting the best he could get . I tried the gerber -LRB- the plain old bottles with the normal bottle and nipple with ring -RRB- -- which were horrible . I tried the Dr. Browns -LRB- those babies do n't fit in the dishwasher well , and the nipples got greasy for some reason -RRB- . Then I got a set from bzzagent.com and found out what I was missing . The whole playtex line is nice . I like the standard size nipple better -LRB- is closer to what my son is used to with the dr. browns -RRB- so my favorite bottle is actually the regular , narrower ventaire bottle . But I have a few of these with the natural shape nipple , and he likes them too . He has no problem with getting the formula out , and does n't appear to have to work any harder with these bottles than another . Mine have also never leaked . I 've washed them in the dishwasher and in the sink . I 've had no problems . In fact , my FAVORITE part about these bottles ... with dr brown 's you need 4 hands at night . I feed upstairs where surfaces I 'm working with consist of the bed , nightstand and crib . I prefill 3 bottles with water and use a separated container for the formula . If I use the dr. brown 's , you have to unscrew the nipple , pull out the tube assembly , hold them while you attempt to dump the formula in . and where 's my screaming baby during all this ? Usually in my arms or lap . I 've dumped formula all over my sheets , spilled the water on my mattress , etc. . These bottles have the same number of parts total -LRB- to wash -RRB- but they 're soooo much easier ! You just unscrew it like the regular bottle and go!To be honest , I ca n't say that there is a huge difference in my baby 's gas or burping with these bottles versus the dr. brown 's . That 's okay , though , because his gas is awful with any other bottle ! : -RRB-
 I purchased the vent air system for my 2 month old and they are absolutly WONDERFUL . Although the stage 1 nipples are hard for my baby to suck , the stage 2 are perfect for him ...
 I tryed Dr. Brownes bottles because of all the five star reviews but I found the Playtex VentAire to work even better on gas and colic for my newborn . I just wish you could put these bottles in a bottle warmer -LRB- which you cant . -RRB- I have to take the time to heat them on the stove top which is hard when you have a hungry baby . Other than that , great bottle !
 all three of my kids -LRB- who are now toddlers ! -RRB- LOVED these bottles . we experimented with bottles/nipples with each baby - and every time - this bottle was best ! definitely worth the money ! ... and the bottles last a long time -- just replace the nipples - it 's worth the money !
 I have a 4 yr old and a 1 month old and I used Avent bottles with my 4 yr old . But they always leaked when he would suckle his formula he 'd squirt formula by the corner of his mouth . But they were so popular that I stuck with them . Now with my newborn , I bought Avents and had the same problem and decided to try out the Playtex AirVents -LRB- wide ones -RRB- and they are heaven sent ! No milk squirting from his mouth while he suckles and dont have to pause the bottle to let the air build up out . He just suckles and suckles non stop till he 's done with his bottle . It 's great ! Oh ! And with Avents , my newborn would also choke when he 'd be drinking and with Playtex AirVents that problem ended ! These are the bottles Im stinking to .
 I really like these bottles , and my daughter likes only the large nipples . I bought plenty of smaller bottles with the small nipples , however she had more formula on her and the bib than she did in her tummy . I like the shape , and cleaning is n't that bad even though there are 5 parts . Never had a problem with a bottle leaking and they heat up quite quickly .
 Would recommend ... clean great , work well as long as they are screwed together properly .
 I absolutely love these bottles . When I brought my newborn home I was n't sure what to use . I knew that Playtex was good but I had problems telling how many oz . of water was in the bottle as according to the scoops of formula . When I found the VentAire collection I thought it was great because both my husband and myself had problems with ear infections as children . He refused to take the regular VentAire so I tried the Natural Shape and have never gone back . It is the best bottle that I have ever seen .
 I tried the orginal VentAires to help my baby with gas , but he did n't seem to like those nipples at all , so when I found these I bought them right away . He loves these and does so much better with the nipples . He also gets less gas . I find them easier to put together and clean then the regular VentAires also .
 We loved these bottles & so did our sons . They are easy to clean . He never seemed to have much gas or spitting up . It was easy for us to switch between breast & bottle . I also have the older style . They are still in good shape ofter usage of multiple children . No leaks if you assemble the bottle correctly . Replacement parts , if needed , are normally sold where the bottles are . I read another review about milk being all over a babies face ... ummmmm the nipple is the wrong stage . If the flow is to much , switch the nipple . That is why there are different stage nipples . I will not be having any more children , but if I were , I would buy these bottles again . They are the best I 've used & I 've sampled quite a few .
 These bottles were our favorites out of all we tried . I love them because I also have some Playtex nursers that use the drop ins and we can interchange the nipples . She also had less gas with these . They allow for proper latch on if you are breastfeeding your baby -LRB- similar to the real thing -RRB- .
 I bought these bottles because I had a tiny baby , and the Avent bottles made her suck in too much air . These worked great ! I gave these four stars because my only wish is that they had a cap top like the Avents , but I 'm just being picky ... Even though there are some extra parts , I did n't mind cleaning them because my baby felt so much better drinking from these . I did n't have any problem with the vent part ripping and these bottles never leaked . I also love that they are angled so they are easier to hold . Once my baby got bigger I switched back to the Avent bottles and I will use these again for my next newborn , he/she is sure to be small too !
 This is the only bottle/nipple our breastfed baby would take expressed breastmilk in . She flat out refused all others . We use these Blue nipples now that my daughter is older -LRB- thicker plastic -RRB- , but used the clear Natural nurser nipples when she was younger and the product still worked and did n't leak .
 I do n't particularly understand the technology behind this model of baby bottles , but I do know that I see plenty of bubbles end up in the bottles while feeling my daughter . They are always at the nipple of the bottle . Does this happen to anyone else ? I normally use the drop-ins bottles and I do n't prefer one bottle over the other . I notice the same amount of burping and fussiness regardless of whichever bottle I use . I do like that the bottle is bent so it is easier to feed my baby . Also , I did n't notice at first that the pack came with fast flow nipples , but that was my fault . I thought something was wrong at first but it was just the wrong nipple , as my baby still requires the slow-flow ones .
 These are great baby bottles . My child has not had much gas since using this product . It is easy to clean as the parts come apart simply . The angled neck is easy for me to hold while my baby is sitting up and prevents excessive gas in her stomach . 9oz is a good size bottle for growing babies and their tremendous appetites . Also , it 's a great price compared to other well-known BPA free bottles -LRB- some of which were $ 10 per bottle -RRB- .
 I ca n't speak to the ` science ' behind the design and if the ` ventAire ' does what it claims to . But they are a good well-designed bottle that our daughter likes . They are different then most bottles as there is not only the nipple and nipple ring on top but 2 pieces on the bottom that comprise the ` ventAire ' system . I thought at first this would be a hassle but it is not much extra work to clean -LRB- more pieces to keep track of though -RRB- . In fact it makes cleaning the bottle itself possible with a sponge since with the bottom and top pieces taken off you can put a sponge in from either end.If you are new to bottles though I do highly recommend this as an essential piece of baby equipmentOXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Stand , OrangeThe bottle brush has gotten us up to 15 months , could not have done bottles without it . It helps for these as well although it is not essential as it is for regular bottles . In the end our daughter took right to these and the nipples on the 9 ounce ones seem to flow well for an older baby . If you are willing to keep track of a couple or more pieces per bottle as a good trade off for the ` ventAire ' system then these are a good bottle choice .
 Scientific ingenuity at it 's best . I love that Playtex always seems to put it 's best foot forward when it comes to the health and comfort of our little ones . Thanks Playtex .
 I actually requested this product from the Vine program for a friend who just had a baby and she is pleased as punch with these bottles . Now , the baby is n't talking but he is n't spitting up or crying uncontrollably with colic either . Playtes is a trusted product and these bottles are nice and wide and help your baby go from breast to bottle with ease . These would make a great shower gift as you get three neutral colored bottles and they are nine ounces which as all you good mommies know is the perfect size !
 I tried the regular version of these bottles , too.I babysit a friend 's 5 mo old boy , he tends to spit up . I thought these would be perfect to try with him . He definitely spits up alot less with these bottles , there are far fewer bubbles in the bottle , too . I gave his mom the pack of regular bottles and I keep these at my house to use with him when he 's here . She loves the bottles , too , and says these are all she uses now . It definitely makes for far less laundry when the baby does n't spit up nearly as much ! Personally I prefer the wide bottles , they seem easier to hold but that could be because I 'm dealing with my 2 kids at the same time as the baby.I used a much more expensive brand with my last baby who is 4 now . Wish I had known these existed , they 're far easier to clean and much easier on the wallet . : - -RRB-
 These bottles are perfect . I love the shape of them because they are easy to hold . This shape is also designed to help prevent ear infections according to the manufacturer . These are pretty pastel colors and are easy to clean . A must have for your baby ! We like the fact that there is not so much air getting into the baby 's tummy .
 my wifes cousin just had a baby boy here a couple weeks ago . i got these bottles for her since she is breast feeding . she uses a breast pump and freezes the milk . then thaws it out an puts in the bottles for him . she said these bottles work great . they are easy to use . the baby does not get air bubbles or much gas from the bottle feeding . i asked her how she would rate the bottles . she advised that she would buy them for they work great .
 I think this is my baby 's favorite bottle nipple shape.Like many others , I was worried these bottles would leak but they do n't ! Hurray!I really wanted to try these to see if they 'd cut down on burping . They do n't appear to do so , at least not significantly , but my baby is not exclusively bottle-fed . Pros : - They do n't leak ! - They are super-easy to get very clean -LRB- quickly ! -RRB- because the bottom comes off . This is great when I 'm out and about without my bottle brush . - The shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too although the 9 oz size is very unwieldy for young babies . - DISHWASHER SAFE!Cons : - Water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water -LRB- but once you realize that it 's easy to shake it out -RRB- . - Ca n't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas . - I wish this set came with an extra vent disk and nipple like the multi-size set .
 The playtex Vent Air bottles were wonderful to use for supplementing with bottles in between breastfeeding . My daughter is able to latch on to both very easily , with little to no excess air intake . I would reccommend these to any new or old moms . Good luck .
 The people that complain about these bottles obviously are n't using them right . I love them ! They are easy to clean , and if you follow the sterilizing directions , the disks do not leak . My daughter is now 7 months old and I have had so many problems finding the right bottle for her sensitive stomach . These are working wonderfully for her . I used Dr. Browns bottles for a while , and they really are bubble free and are great for gas . However the milk just drips out of the nipple and all over my baby 's face . These have a good flow without making a mess . Give them a try , follow the instructions , and I guarantee you wo n't regret it .
 My son is 3 months old and from birth has been extremely gassy . He also has reflux so we are constantly dealing with spitting up , burping issues , and excess gas . I originally used the Dr. Browns bottles because I had heard SO many good things about them . Well , Dr. Brown 's bottles did not work for us . I recently decided to try the VentAire bottle , based on a friend who was happy with them . As soon as I switched I noticed a major reduction in my sons gas . I also immediately noticed that he was burping better , both during and after a feeding . I highly recommend these bottles , especially if you are dealing with spitting up and gas issues . Putting the bottles together is an extra step , but a lot less time consuming than putting together the Dr. Browns bottles , and it 's well worth the effort .
 I love them ! Being a first time mom and tring new things out , We had gone through several bottles and no luck . It was always the case of my daughter sucking in too much air . Then by chance we tried them and have been using them since . We started out when she was about 6wks old and she had no problem going from from breastfeeding to bottle . She was less gassy and did not spit up as soon as she was done from all the air that was sucked in while feeding . Then recently we had started using the Natural Shape bottles and she is able to hold those a lot better as well as drink from the nipple . The only down fall about the bottles are tring to locate replacment vent dics . Since my daughter had started eating cereal in her bottle the cereal settles along the the bottom of the vent disc and in the small vent holes . Even after daily cleaning and rinsing after use they still have a hard time coming clean . But overall they are the best bottles my daughter has used an reasonable priced as well .
 We have tried every kind of bottle and nothing worked . We tried this one and it was perfect . The nipple does n't cave in and the bottle never leaks .
 As a new mom I think this is the best botttle on the market . My son had a terrible gas problem , we switched formula 4 times & went throught practically ever bottle on the market . We even resorted to giving gripe water in addition to the gas drops.After trying this out for 1 day it was like I had a new child . Happy , smiling & content . Needless to say this is the only bottle we use . I give this a thumbs up ! Too bad I did n't find this sooner .
 I 'm breatfeeding my 2 month old and used avent bottles when i went back to work . She would finish the bottle off in 5 mniutes and had horrible gas . The newborn/slow nipples were much too fast . She is more of a leisure nurser . I switched to these upon dr. 's recommendation for angled bottles and i criss-cross nipple hole . Didd n't find the criss-cross nipple , but the slow flow on these did the trick , my baby drank for 20 minutes instead on these , as if she were being nursed !
 My baby hated Advent bottles . She refused to take them when we were making the switch brom the breast feading to the bottle . She fell in love with these bottles . She switches from breast to bottle with no problem . She likes the clear silicone nipples better than the blue ones that come with teh bottle . Teh blue ones a harder than the clear . But , these worked for our baby .
 These are a nice shower gift because just about every new mom gets newborn-size breastfeeding bottles , but these are a great transition item -LRB- kind of like giving a new mom a size 6 months onesie , so she has more than just the first month covered -RRB- . It 's a nice touch that they are BPA free .
 We used the Starter set in the beginning to bottle feed our baby . He 's now 6-months old and drinks more than 6 oz at a time , we use upgraded our bottles to these 9 oz bottles . Same great quality as the starter set . I like how 's it 's BPA free , leak-proof , and easy to clean . I also like how the bottle is curved so my baby can kind of hold the bottle on his own . He 's barely starting to hold his own bottle , and the curve really helps . Anyways , great brand .
 I like these bottles , they are good for breast-fed babies . I have purchased the -LRB- fast -RRB- flowing nipples now since my son got tired of the slow ones that were helpful when he was 3 months old .
 Mom loved these but with other more high-tech bottles , it takes a while to get into `` the zone . '' The right nipple , the right angle and right delivery all play into the success of the bottle . Following the directions is important and it takes a little practice . She said it was a little frustrating at first but once both mom and baby got it figured out , feedings went well .
 Ordered these bottles and am very happy with my purchase . They ar BPA Free and today that is a biggie . Will definately buy again .
 These bottles are easy to use , easy to clean , and easy for a baby to hold . They hold up well to very hot water , and the do n't leak very easily . We use them almost exclusively for our child , and she is able -LRB- at 10 months -RRB- to use the 1-handed while playing with a toy or holding her pacifier . Even if you forget about one and the milk gets all nasty and congealed , they clean out very quickly with little fuss thanks to the smart ways it disassembles for cleaning .
 I 've used all kinds of different bottles over the years from cheap Wal-Mart Specials to Avent and Dr Browns and these bottles are much closer to the higher end than the lower . Here is a break down of what I like and do n't like.Pros : - Baby does n't seem to have much gas after using these.-It is very easy to clean the inside since both the top and the bottom come off.-They are very easy for both me and my baby to hold.Cons : - Since the top and bottom do come off there are 5 pieces to clean for each bottle , so it takes up a lot of room in the dishwasher.-The nipples seem a little faster than most others I 've tried , so at first my baby made a big mess when using these because she was n't used to fast flow.-The nipples and tops are very close looking to the Avent bottles , so sometimes I put the wrong ones on one or the other and they leak.So to summarize , I would get these bottles again and other than perhaps the Avent bottles , since they have less pieces to clean , these are my favorite that I 've used .
 We tried a few different `` anti-colic '' bottles . We found these work best . The slow flow really is slow -LRB- unlike what we found with Dr. Brown 's , so it works great for infants . We have n't had any issues with spit up with these and we are n't having to bang out burps every few minutes . I am breastfeeding and have n't had any issues with nipple confusion with these either . It is worth keeping up with the extra part for them .
 These bottles really work ! I was skeptical at first , but my son actually seems to have less gas after eating from these bottles . I found the same results from Avent bottles , but those cost more . The only downside to these is that each bottle has 5 parts , so if you do n't have a dishwasher they would be pain to clean . You should also know that if you plan to pump into these bottles you will need an adapter .
 I use these bottles and avent bottles -LRB- i have an avent pump -RRB- and noticed that with the avent bottles my milk had a horrible amount of bubbles . These ones have NO BUBBLES ! which means its probably better feeling for baby ! The size one flow is perfect for my son . He burps as soon as you sit him up -LRB- this might just be because he is a fast burper ? every baby is different -RRB- and he has spit up only twice . -LRB- He is one week old -RRB- The only problem I have is that I can not find an adapter that will fit my avent pump and fit these bottles to pump directly into them which makes the avent bottles a little more convenient with breastmilk and playtex doesnt make a hand pump.When I decide to stop pumping I 'll definitely give him these bottles exclusively .
 Baby is not nearly as gassy since we switched to these bottles . Also very easy to clean .
 With my daughter -LRB- now 3 -RRB- she would take almost ANY bottle , any nipple , and never have ANY gaseous problems . With my now 9 month old twin sons , they are VERY picky `` nursers '' . The ventairs didnt leak , didnt spill , and were easy to clean ... but the boys just HATED them . My husband went to buy more , since we were really running low on the 5 bottles we had that the boys would use -LRB- ventairs , they would use em ' , but they didnt like it ! -RRB- And he had `` accidently '' came home with the Natural shaped nipples ... My boys LOVED them . We didnt realize it was a different nipple until we examined the box to go pick up more , the nipple did the trick!As for the bottle itself , I have always loved them . Its easy to pour milk into -LRB- some bottles have too small of an opening -RRB- and they are easy to `` set up '' . You just grab a bottle -LRB- the clear plastic `` body '' -RRB- Find a base and screw it on TIGHTLY -LRB- the thing that looks like its part of a gas mask -RRB- and than attatch a nipple . The bases and nipple rings come in different colors , but I have never found them to `` not work '' on all ventairs ... What I mean is the natural nipple rings can fit on the bottles that came with the regular nipples and so on ... and it doesnt matter if the base and nipple rings are the same color or from the same set -LRB- everyone probablly knows this , but just adding in my 2 cents -RRB- . I found ours to NEVER leak if we had it on right ... On those occasional nightly feedings -LRB- you know , when your half awake ? -RRB- that we would set it up wrong and it would leak , our fault entirely ... NOT the bottles . I also LOVE that there are different shaped nipples , and they all work with ALL of the ventair bottles , so you can purchase new ones if yours `` wear out '' -LRB- although they seem to be much tougher than the avents that my daughter used -RRB- and you can purchase a whole different set of nipples if your child doesnt like the ones you have , its really a trial and error thing . I also love how easy it is to clean them . It sounds like it would be a pain to have to clean a base , a body , a nipple , and a ring of 2x the bottles right ? WRONG . This makes it super easy and convinient to clean ... With other bottles we would have to dig and scrub the bottom , and sometimes we would just toss a bottle because the bottom was too disgusting . With the Ventairs you dont have this problem . We have a double sink , and keep warm , soapy water on one side , and just rinse off a bottle and throw it in . Than at the end of the day we take them all out and rinse them off , -LRB- and make sure theres nothing left inside of them -RRB- and place them in the sterelizer or the dishwasher ... EASY ... I swear this would be IMPOSSIBLE without the 4 parts to the ventair , if you did that with a regular bottle , you would end up with GROSS bottles , you would definatly have to scrub EACH BOTTLE for about 4 minutes to get everything out ... Whats even `` cooler '' is that it actually helps with preventing gas and spit-ups ... My sons are coliky , and they have ALWAYS haved gas and spit up problems , we never thought this would be a problem that we could solve , but along came the Ventairs and POOF , hardly EVER do we have gas problems ? Now that the boys are eating solids , these bottles have still proven to be worth their weight in gold ! They are easy for a baby to hold , and they dont have the tilt thier head back all the way since teh ventairs shape takes care of that ! My nice is 16 months old now and even HER ventairs can handle drops , tantrums , rattling in the diaper bag all day , and various kinds of drinks and they NEVER leak , and NEVER break ... Its like `` super bottle '' . I cant imagine how many minutes we save each day with the ventairs , even if you have a bottle that `` works '' , and your baby does fine with it , purchase a few ventairs , they will save you precious time ... hey , they are only this size for so long right ?
 Initially , my husband and I thought these bottles would be a pain to use because with all the pieces , they seem complicated . We were wrong ! Since you can literally dismantle this bottle , you can get it extremely clean . Also , the pieces make it easy to throw in your dishwasher baskets.I am breastfeeding and bottle-feeding , and the nipples for these bottles have never been rejected by my daughter . Also , after finding the right formula , she has not had trouble with gas.On a side note , I would not waste time on the 6 oz . bottles ... you 're going to need the bigger ones eventually anyhow , so go ahead and buy the 9 oz . They 're also easier to fill since they are bigger .
 Our baby was almost exclusively breast fed from the start . We were not very diligent on giving her a bottle often so she probably got pretty attached to the breast . She is now 12 weeks old and since I am going back to work this week , we started being more diligent 2 weeks ago with the bottle . She took it without much problem and I 'm confident it wo n't be an issue when I go back to work.The venting also seems to work as she does n't swallow a lot of air - does n't burp or get gas a lot . I also like how the bottle comes apart so that you can clean it well .
 We 've used the Vent Aire bottles off and on for the past five months . I like them MUCH better than Dr. Brown 's or Avent , but I do think they are a pain to disassemble and clean then reassemble to use . I 'm not sure they do what they promise in regards to less gas and spitting up , either . However , they are n't that bad . No leaks or other issues . I 'm just not convinced they are worth the fuss !
 Now that I have your attention , I like these bottles a whole bunch . I have used Avent -LRB- review -RRB- Dr. Brown 's -LRB- review not yet written -RRB- and these . These are awesome ! Just unscrew and clean all parts -LRB- which is not require lots of time , patience , and tools -RRB- ! Even your husband can figure it out ! Now that is easy if a man can figure out the fine art of bottle assembly and dissasembly . The wider bottle is easier for an adult to hold but seems heavier if your baby tries to . Overall , 5 stars
 We began with the ventaire reg bottles , and although they are easy to clean , they have many pieces.The cylinders cracked in our dishwasher , but playtex replaced them easily and now we are buying the natural shape sine our baby likes the shape of the nipple on the nursers fine and I think they will be easier to hold since they are wider.He barely spits up , I would say 5 times a month is a lot !
 I thought I would get on here and review these since I am buying a few more for my collection that I started in 09 with my first son . I went through a few different types before I settled on these back then and I 'm glad I found them . They worked wonderfully then and still do with my newest son . They go in the dishwasher every night -LRB- and did with my first -RRB- and I 've had no problem with the markings or seals . A great buy indeed !
 These bottles work just as well as dr.browns bottles but are much easier to hold and clean ! I have had no issues with leaking or anything . My baby was colicky and these helped him a lot
 We 've been relatively happy with these bottles , but I think we may have gone with something different if we had done any research . We got these from the lactation consultant 's office a day after our daughter was born in a panic of needing to buy something . Our daughter was breast fed mostly , but used these a few times a week.Venting system
 This Playtex 3 pack BPA Free VentAire 9 Ounce Wide Bottles are for my grandson and according to my daughter are perfect for him .
 So I do n't normally review , however I really like this product and highly recommend it to all of my friends . These bottles were originally recommended to me by a lactation consultant . It was very important for me to breastfeed my baby and I was afraid of nipple confusion and/or baby preferring bottle and rejecting me . Lactation Consultant recommended the slow flow nipple and said to never change them to faster ones.I work full time and it was important that my baby be fed the milk I pumped at work . My baby never had problems going from using these bottles back to nursing . These bottles are very easy to clean and very easy to use . I had my set for 10 months now and they never leaked . I read some of the reviews and those that complain about these bottles leaking probably tend to over tighten the caps . My are in perfect working condition and I will be using and buying more if we have more kids . Highly , highly recommended .
 We 've used these and the AVENT bottles . We like both , but happen to use these more now because we lost our fast nipples for the AVENT.My little one is now 6 months old , and up until recently was both bottle and breastfed . We tried her first bottle at about 4 weeks and she never had any trouble switching back and forth once I went back to work . These have also seemed to work great for keeping down burps and spitup , and though there is one extra piece as compared to the AVENT , it 's not a big deal and the pieces are all large enough that they do n't fall through the weave in a bottle dishwasher basket . -LRB- They also give you extras of the most easily lost part , the vent cover thing . -RRB- We needed some more of the larger size bottles since she is now having 6oz per feeding , and putting 6 oz in the 6oz bottles is a bit tight . We also wanted some more fast nipples , but I was n't sure what came with this set -LRB- it did n't seem to say anywhere -RRB- . Well , we got the `` neutral '' colors -LRB- green , blue , yellow -RRB- and only fast nipples , which is perfect . -LRB- For some reason , I ca n't find a reasonably price set of just the fast nipples for these anywhere . -RRB-
 Just came in today and I love them ! Easy to clean , not near the gulping he had on other bottles , easy to hold , the nipples are very soft and he downed his milk in record time ! The only problem we had wasa that he has been on a standard bottle and not used to the wide so he kept going back to just sucking on the nipple part , but I can see that in time , he will get the idea and like I said , there was no gulping or sucking in air even with the sucking on the nipple that way as with other bottles . Well worth the price I paid .
 Honestly ... my review is very similar to what others are saying . These bottles are easy to hold and easy to clean because it does break down into pieces . I think that the price is great for what the product is , and I like the color variety . I agree that the bottles do not leak as long as you screw them together correctly . As for how much the bottles hold true to their claim ? Not sure ! First baby ! So my reference of more or less is undetermined ! So far so good though !
 I am currently expecting my first baby so I ordered these to be prepared , however I have n't used them yet . I did open the box up and they are really easy to put together and when filled with water they did n't leak at all . I can say they are much more comfortable in your hand than the Avent bottles . Also , the price ca n't be beat ! They appear to be very easy to clean without a lot of nooks and crannies for milk to hide in that you have to scrub out .
 I got these because I babysit my nephew who is breast fed . His mother started classes and is away for 9 hours a day . He has been very fussy about `` bottle '' substitutions for mom , but he adjusted quite quickly to these nipples . While they are n't mom , he is consolable and accepting of this system ! Certainly makes feeding time while mom 's away a whole lot less stressful !!
 My wife and I have been using the Avent bottles with our first child , and have been very happy with them . These seemed to be along the same lines and cheaper , so we gave them a try.Overall , I would say that these are a great product for their price . High quality , durable , and has a wide nipple so our daughter can go back and forth from bottle to breast . Like the Avent bottles , they are easy to clean and there are not any thin tube/weird parts that are hard to clean and need to be replaced periodically -LRB- which is what drove me away from the Dr. Browns and Tommee Tippie bottles . -RRB- They do have one more piece than the Avent bottles , but that 's not too much of a big deal . In my mind , the simpler the design is , the better.The things that I do not like as much are relatively minor . First , the nipple has a softer ring section that seems to allow it to collapse in -LRB- not flat -RRB- if there is too much pressure in the bottle . The second is that although the bottle does vent just like it aims to do , it seems that it takes more pressure in the bottle to cause it to vent compared to the Avent bottles . This is only really a problem when the little one is getting lazy at the end of her bottle , and will just start to let go of the nipple causing it to vent through the nipple . Third , now that the little one is starting to want to hold her bottle herself , she has a harder time holding these . Over all , these are minor issues.They are less expensive , so I could see these being a good alternative for some parents.I would grab these in a pinch if there were no Avent bottles , but I 'm sticking to the Avent .
 While my first son almost never spit up , my second spits up ALL the time . Nothing out of the ordinary , but still a good bit . We 've only been using these a few weeks , but he has n't spit up near as much . It may be because he 's getting older and eating more baby food and all , but I 'll gladly give credit to the bottles!I 'm going to point out a few things about these bottles that we 've observed and you can decide whether that part is positive or negative.-After using `` straight '' bottles , these do take a bit of getting used to . Since the top is curved , it 's easier to spill the formula if you do n't turn it with the lower side towards you when pouring it in.-The small bottle is 6 ounces as opposed to 5 ounces on all the other bottles we 've used . At first , I was really excited about this , but you still ca n't make a 6 ounce bottle using powdered formula . There 's not enuogh room to mix it up . So , you can still only use it as a 4 ounce bottle IF using powdered formula . There 's plenty of room if you 're using liquid or breast milk for 6 ounces . -LRB- This set only has the 9 ounce bottles , though -RRB- . - There 's 6 pieces to put together for each bottle . Two pieces go together at the bottom , and 3 at the top . I 'll admit sometimes it gets to be a pain with so many peices , but most bottles these days have a lot of pieces.-There 's different colors , so there 's a variety . I like that the colors are gender neutral . When you 're putting the bottles together it does take a little more time trying to match up the tops and bottoms according to color , but that part is n't absolutely necessary . I like them to match , though.-The `` slow '' nipple is VERY slow ! The `` fast '' nipple is VERY fast . I would prefer and in between . If you 're using breast milk , the `` slow '' nipple is perfect . If you put cereal in the bottle , the fast nipple is perfect for that . It 's fast enough that you do n't have to widen the hole or anything . -LRB- I think this set only comes with `` fast '' nipples -RRB- . Overall , we are VERY pleased with them ! Even my husband is happy with them . : -RRB-
 I was happy to try these Playtex VentAire Natural Shape bottle 's for my daughter . Although she is older now -LRB- not a newborn -RRB- I have been quite tired and upset with Dr. Brown 's bottles that we were using since her birth . They have discolored greatly , yucky stuff was caked on inside the inner tubing , very hard to clean out , but most of all they constantly leaked after a month or two of owning . I replaced them twice and each time they have leaked from the screw cap area . If you make them to tight they leak , to loose they leak , very fine line ... . soo when I had the opportunity to try these out and had something to compare them to I was quite happy to do so.Right off the bat I liked the design of them , and the way the top was angled . The nipples are natural shaped and my daughter went from the old bottles to these without any hesitation or trouble to the nipple . In fact she likes them better and seeks them out when wanting her bottle . The state 2 nipples are fast flow and for her were perfect . I like how the bottle and the top come off so you can clean the entire bottle with easy , rather then a fight . Most importanly though they did not leak at all . The last thing you want is to travel and have your bottle leak , or spill coming out of the cap areas . Of course flip a bottle upside down most will leak from the nipple . But none should leak from the screw cap area , and I was happy these did not leak . We have used them well over a month now , going on two and love them!feeds your baby with virtually no bubbles and less gas and spit ups . It has a unique leak-proof bottom vent that controls bubbles and an angled 9-oz . bottle that promotes semi-upright feeding and deters ear infections . Natural shape nipple is designed for switching between bottle and breast . Safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning . Includes stage 2 fast flow nipples . Comes in light purple , light blue and light green colors . Made of hypoallergenic plastic . Imported . 6.75 Hx2 .25 '' dia . Colors May VaryDesigned for babies switching between breast and bottle or transitioning from breast to bottle feedingVentAire Advanced bottles are easy to clean and come with a leak-proof , breakproof guaranteeBPA freeMade by Playtex - A leader in infant feedingColors vary
 My seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old . We started with the Playtex Drop-ins . I have been very happy with those bottles , but sometimes I hate dealing with the inserts . These bottles are the perfect companion . The nipples are interchangeable , so my son has no problem with the bottle change-up . I was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled , but I think he just likes me holding it , so he has yet to hold the bottle himself . I do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because I can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.The bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom . The bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean . They wash up quickly and I usually put them in my Avent microwave sterilizer.My one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples . My son is a medium-flow bottle eater . Fast is just too fast for him . He moved up to the medium at 2.5 months , but I do n't see him moving up any time soon . I would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.Overall , a great bottle . I suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jump .
 Very happy with these bottles - we have 2 dozen for our twins , and they 've been using them for 5 months now with no issues at all . We moved to medium nipples around 3 mo , and will stay there for a while . No leaks & super easy to wash !
 This is an excellent product that works as advertised . The bottles do n't leak , they 're easy to clean , and the nipple is much better than most other baby bottles . They also have a nice shape and they look pretty nice too.My one major complaint is about the way the product comes packaged . It does not include extra nipples . Basically this product gives you three 9 ounce bottles for about $ 12 -LRB- current price -RRB- . For only $ 20 , you can get thePlaytex VentAire ADVANCED BPA Free Wide Bottle Newborn Starter Set , which includes FIVE bottles , several extra nipples of different sizes , extra bottle caps , and extra vent disks . The newborn starter kit is a much better value . On the other hand , if you just want a few bottles plain and simple , this is definitely the product to buy . Very pleased .
 We used these several years ago with our breatfed son and hated them . These are a vast improvement over the previous design ! The disc in the bottom is bigger - it 's not a small little flap that can get lost in the dishwasher or even the countertop . It 's a bigger silicone ring , much like the nipple , but the center is n't solid so that the bottom of the bottle can ` breathe ' and let air in . The other advantage is that the bottom silicone ring screws in and fits very well into the bottom ring so it 's hard not to get a good seal and create a leak . I tried these with our daughter who is honestly too old for a bottle just to see what she would say . She CHUGS . Not once did she have to stop out of frustration with the flow or to let air in . I never saw bubbles in the water , either . With the old design , sometimes you still had to take the bottle from the baby to let the air catch up . The bent shape is perfect - not too much , not too little . It 's wide , so younger babies may have problems holding it on their own initially , but for me , that did n't detract from their overall use or awesomeness.From a breastfed-baby standpoint , these are probably not the best idea because , if you hold the bottle upside down , or tilted at an angle similar to what you would for a feeding , the fluid just drips out . They require very little , if any , actual suction to remove the fluid from the bottle , so it 's easy for baby to be lazy with the bottle , and consequently , to want to be a lazy nurser . While the baby has to work a bit to have an active flow , if baby is sleepy , there will be breastmilk/formula dripping whether baby is sucking or not.I like these better than the Dr. Brown 's version because there are fewer parts and the nipples seem to be more than moms ' in design . Babies will certainly voice their opinions , but if you 're in need of something that helps eliminate air and potential gas , these may be a good choice .
 My baby has had problem with gas since one month old . She constantly was breaking seal and thus swallowing air , and when she was about 3 months old daycare reported her large mouth was causing her to not even be able to seal properly on the standard size bottle nipples . These bottles work great for her ! She can seal properly on the wide nipples , and the ventaire bottles keeps her from having to break seal as often . The result since we 've been using these is MUCH LESS gas problems in my beautiful baby .
 This is the only bottle I 've used for my baby . It keeps air from her tummy and ventilates perfectly . I 've been using it since day one after being a nanny for many years and seeing how different bottles act differently . A lot of moms who do n't have colicky babies use the bottle because it 's such a trustworthy product . The ventilation system helps keep my baby 's acid reflux under control . Plus , the bottom comes out so you can just use a sponge to clean the bottle . You do n't have to use a bottle brush if you do n't need to . If you do use a bottle brush -LRB- I do sometimes -RRB- you do n't get sprayed with soap or water as the opening to the bottles are wide enough to prevent the mess . They came very quickly , well packaged . I shopped around and every time I do I end up coming back to Amazon . Excellent product !
 These are the ones that are working good for us . Just ordered the 3 pk of 9 oz . Although the manufacturers description written there is misleading about what bottles and nipples comes with - this one has 3 fast flow nipples . Our neighbor is also using them . We have not run across any of the leaking issues or anything .
 This product arrived in less than 2 weeks after I ordered it . It 's a great product ! The only thing is that the ad showed medium flow nipples and it actually came with fast flow . So I had to make an extra purchase for the ones I needed .
 This bottle works great with my Medela pump in style , using the Playtex Breast Milk Storage Kit . I like that this bottle can use the same nipple as the Dropins . Our daughter has never had any issues transitioning between breast and bottle . Playtex offers a variety of nipple -LRB- slow , medium , fast , variable , & cereal ;-RRB- flows so it is easy to find a nipple flow that matches your flow :-RRB- , also a very important factor when switching . My daughter has never had any problems with spit up or cholic so I all I can say is that these bottles did n't create any problems.Pros to using the VENATIRE WIDE/NATURAL SHAPE is that they 're reusuable so no additional cost like the dropins . They 're really easy to clean since they come apart , and the parts are easy to clean . You do n't have to use the bottle rings that come with the kit , as they fit right on the adapter . Just remove the bottle from the adapter ring after pumping , put the sealing disc on , and store until feeding . I 've found that the storage kits -LRB- deluxe kit and the ones in the permium nurser gift set -RRB- including sealing discs that are the flimsy silicone pieces that fit into the nipple ring work better with the Ventaires than the sealing discs in this kit . We 've had a few leak from the top when mixing -LRB- we have to add some prune juice for our daughter -RRB- a bottle with the hard top sealing disc . We store these bottles on their bottom in the fridge , and have never had a problem with leaks . So really , I would recommend looking for the deluxe/premium storage kit.When you 're ready for the bottle just warm up some water in the microwave , and then plop the bottle into the water . It only takes a few minutes since , and whalaa -LRB- NO NEED FOR A BOTTLE WARMER ! We warm Dropins this way too , it 's a little faster since the liners are thinner -RRB- . When the bottle is warm remove the sealing disc , & the insert the nipple.I have never tried freezing milk in the bottles although I know that the storage kit is advertized to be able too . If I have extra milk I just freeze it in an ice cube tray , and store in Ziploc freezer bags . This system has turned out great for if lil ' one finishes her bottle and is still hungry but does n't need another entire feeding , just put a cube or two in ... no wasted milk!OVERALL , THIS BOTTLE IS A GREAT CHOICE FOR THE BREASTFEEDING MOM WHO CA N'T BE READILY AVAILABLE 24/7 : -RRB-
 This is the only nipple my daughter would take after leaving the hospital . Its an easy bottle to clean , however you must never forget to insert the little disk into the bottom of the bottle . Its very frustrating to have formula leak out onto the countertops at 3 am when your half asleep and the baby is hungy !!! lol
 I highly recommend the Playtex Ventaire Natural Shape bottles - both in the `` newborn '' and `` toddler '' size of 6 and 9 ozs . The small bottles come with the `` Stage 1 '' nipple , which has a lower flow rate -- perfect for the little ones . As the baby gets bigger and needs a faster flow of formula , you just switch out the nipple to `` Stage 2 '' from the larger sized bottle . Granted , there 's a lot of bits and pieces to wash -- but with a dishwasher it 's a snap . I would suggest the Munchkin Dishwashwer basket -LRB- the full size -RRB- to go with your purchase . The Munckin basket can hold 3 nipples side-by-side in the lower compartment , and the bottom pieces in the top . Then , just slip the main center piece through the spines in the top dishwasher rack .
 I own 3 sets of these bottles , bought at 3 different times and three different places , and I have n't had a bit of trouble with any of them . I started out using the Playtex disposables with the natural shape nipple while breastfeeding - and they were great - but when I started the transition to formula gas became more of an issue for my baby . My best friend and my sister swore by these . -LRB- They both hated the Avent ones . -RRB- I bought these and I have n't looked back.When I bought the first set my baby was still using the slow flow nipples , so I got the 9 oz size , bought slower nipples and just switched them out . Around 6 or 7 months I noticed that my baby seemed to be working too hard when taking her bottle . I switched back to the stage 2 nipples . My best friend had warned me that they took a little while for the baby to get used to , and she was right . She was used to sucking really hard , and so the faster flow gagged her a little . She dribbled a lot more out of her mouth , too . After a week or so she learned to slow down . She still dribbles a little at almost a year , but she 's a baby . She does n't seem to mind , so why should I ? I have plenty of burp cloths to clean her up with!I have had a few leaks , BUT each time it was my fault . Either I did n't take the time to make sure the disk was fully inserted into the rim , I did n't pull the nipple all the way through the nipple ring securely , or I did n't line up the threads of the nipple ring when I screwed it on so it was n't on completely . Sometimes you 're just in a rush . But , I have used these bottles all day , every day for at least 6 months now , and they are holding up beautifully . I scrubbed and sterilized her bottles daily until she was 10 months old . -LRB- Looking back , what was I thinking ? That was total overkill !!! -RRB- Now I just rinse them and put them in the dishwasher . The wide size cleans up easily no matter how you choose to clean them.After reading some other reviews , I guess I would be a little upset too if I bought a bunch of bottles only to find out they were n't right for me and my baby . One of the best pieces of advice I got came from a salesperson at Babies ' R Us . She said instead of buying a lot of bottles up front or a big starter pack , buy one or two of the individual ones in the brand -LRB- s -RRB- you want to try . Then get one or two of the alternate nipples -LRB- if the bottle comes with silicone , buy one or two latex -RRB- . By doing this you have them on hand , so there is no middle of the night baby-won ` t-take-the-bottle trauma . When the baby comes you can try out just one or two . She said to still register for the big box , but just do n't open it . If they are n't what you or the baby likes you can return the starter pack and get the ones that work for you . Smart cookie . That 's how I knew the Playtex bottles and nipples were the right ones for us .
 For the most part I am very pleased with this product . It cut down on the gas problems my daughter had and really I had no trouble cleaning them . There was one bottle that for whatever reason leaked when I shook the bottle to mix it . Seeing that it was only one bottle out of the 6 that we have , I am not too bothered by it . Ultimately it 's a fine product and I would recommend it .
 We love these bottles ! They do create bubbles when baby is drinking , but the bubbles dissipate almost immediately . The bottles have reduced his gas and they seem to be the only nipples he can suck on without bending or compressing them . That said , we 've had difficulty finding replacement nipples for them ! The stores in our area sell only the stage 2 Vent Aire Natural Shape nipples . The regular stage 1 Vent Aire nipples are too small for these bottles . Still , I 'd recommend these bottles highly .
 This is a great product , because my 2 month old daughter can switch between bottle and breast no problem . To begin with , i recieved the Newborn Gift Set Playtex Regular Ventaire bottles and loved the idea of less gas , and less air consumption , plus easy cleaning . and so i went ahead and brought the natural version , cuz it was so cute ... and she love it . this naturalshape bottle system made it easier for me to return to work , and breastpump with the Medela Advanced Backpack , and serve breastmilk to her in these great bottles , and i come home from work , and i nurse her no problems !! i give these bottles A + + + + Thank goodness Playtex have these cute bottles in cute baby colors !! Definitely would recommend !!
 My son has been using the Playtex Nurser bottles since birth -LRB- now 2 months old -RRB- ; he had no problems with them but we were looking for a bottle to use without the bag . We tried the Avent -LRB- gave him a lot of gas and leaked -RRB- and the Evenflo Comfi -LRB- could not latch on well , ended up giving gas -RRB- ... I am so glad they made the VentAire natural shape . He has been using them and they work great for him ... and us . Have had absolutely no leaking or vent problems at all !
 I read one other review that talked about nipple collapse . That is n't due to the type of bottle at all . That is caused by the nipple ring being screwed on too tight ! My daughter has acid reflux and bad gas and I tell you that these bottles are the best ! She has used others and there are none that help her . Thanks Playtex !
 I have a 2 month old with reflux and this bottle really works . I had a very hard time even breastfeeding her . I tried the avent bottle , because my one year old uses it and loves it . But the baby hated it , the minute she started sucking she would stop , choke on the milk in her mouth and start screaming and later spit up big time . She was gassy all the time and it was miserable . The first feeding with the ventaire I saw the difference . She started sucking and did n't stop until she was full , and did n't spit up later . What a relief . And for the bottle warmer issue , I just hold a burpy under the bottle until the excess water drips away , its so not an issue . Bottom line , love it love it love it !
 These are the only bottles our baby would take . They are wonderful especially if you switch between the breast and bottle often . Would n't use anything other than the Playtex Advanced for my child .
 We 've tried just about every baby bottle out there . The Playtex Ventaire significantly reduces the amount of air our son takes in when feeding . I give the bottles 4 stars instead of 5 because each bottle consists of 5 pieces . As such , thoroughly hand washing the bottles after each use can be time intensive . I have not had a problem with the bottles leaking . I did receive a few which had the outer lettering rub off but Playtex replaced them .
 These bottles are awesome if you are switching from breastfeeding to bottle feeding or if you 're doing both . They are very easy to clean and this was the only botle my baby would take while nursing and after .
 All our prior bottles resulted in collapsed nipples or constantly having to remove the bottle from our daughter 's mouth to let the removed air back in . With these bottles , she just feeds . Now that she 's older -LRB- 6 months -RRB- , she seems to really enjoy the wide-mouth bottles as well . She spills far less and noodles with the nipple less.Notwithstanding these virtues , I have n't noticed that she burps or spits up any less with these bottles .
 This shipment came within a few days ... excellent . Nice to see the old style Ventaire bottles can still be bought , and do n't leak like the new version . Thanks
 We have only had these bottles from the beginning . They are awesome and no leaks or problems . We use them everyday , wash them everyday , put them together everyday . No problems . When I first started using them we had leaking issues . This was because I did n't read the directions on putting them together properly . This goes for all bably products simply for the safety of your child , read the directions . We have dropped them , layed them on their sides and basically abused the mess out of them without a single problem . If baby is sucking too hard and nipple collapses then it is time for a stage 2 nipple .
 I LOVE these bottles ! Before my son was born I bought a ton of Avent bottles . We tried those and the hole in the nipple allows too much milk so he gets choked . After the feeding he spits most of it up . We tried several bottles before the Ventaire Natural Shape . Now , using the Ventaire he does not get choked , he does not spit-up any and most of the time he does n't even need to burp ! I have not had any trouble with assembly , even my 14 yr . old daughter and my husband got it right the first try ! With the bottom of the bottle coming off makes it wonderful for washing . These bottles have made our life great ! I also breastfeed for the first several weeks and he did not mind drinking from the bottle instead of the breast either . I would recommend these bottles to anyone.God Bless !!!
 I have to say I was leary about trying this type bottle after trying the original ventaire , but this bottle has been working great . I 'm not sure if they improved their nipples -LRB- previous nipples did n't work -RRB- , or if because it 's a stage 2 nipple the milk flows better . Either way it 's working fine . I still like the fact the bottle opens at the bottom , making it easy to clean . I 've never had a problem putting it together , or milk leaking from the bottom . It 's true what the other review said about if you heat it up in a bowl of water that will leak from the bottom .
 These are great bottles . They really do help continue the latch for breast feeding moms . Also my baby rarely has to be burped when using these bottles . They are easy to clean because it all comes apart . Dishwasher safe . Do n't let people tell you they leak . That is totally wrong . Ours leaked the first time we used them and that was the last time . We went back and read the assembly directions and that is where we goofed . If you do exactly what it says they work great . I have shaken , dropped , and layed them on the side with out a single drop lost . You wo n't be dissapointed with these bottles at all . The new wider design is also more comfortable to hold and easier to transport .
 I love these bottles . I noticed that someone else was having trouble with the Avent bottles . Me too . My daughter was having a terrible time with gas with the Avent bottles . I switched to these and things went much better . I would highly recommend these bottles to anyone who plans on bottle feeding their baby .
 I have a 6 month old that loves this pig . She does n't really care for the coins yet , because she ca n't really hang on to them that well , but she hugs the pig and chews on his ears . I leave a coin inside so he rattles . He 's brightly colored and extremely cute . She started playing with him at around 5 months . I would n't recommend him much earlier , he 'd be too big to hang on to . I imagine later , when she 's older , she 'll think the coins are neat too . You ca n't see in the photo but on the other side of the coins they have as many dots as the currency , which seems to hold her gaze for a while . I would buy this again and wo n't be surprised if this pig ends up being her best friend .
 Piggy Bank Play Set This is so cute . It is soft and just the right size for little hands . My grandaughter likes to touch it because of the different textures . It will also familiarize her with coin money -LRB- although she is most likely too young for the concept of money -RRB- . Great first piggy bank !
 After reading over reviews of nearly every wipe warmer out there , including Prince Lionheart brand , we decided to go ahead and buy this one and we are SO HAPPY WITH IT ! Since you leave the wipes in their plastic they do not dry out at all ! The wipes are so nice and warm and our son LOVES THEM ! He can actually sleep through diaper changes and he is only 2 weeks old ! This model warms from the top so it does n't dry out the wipes and there is actually liquid still left in the plastic by the time we run out and change to a new pack of wipes ! We go through an 80 pack refill per week with no problems whatsoever and you DO NOT add any water or anything to this warmer - just plug it in and leave it plugged in and pop in some wipes . ANOTHER GREAT FEATURE is that there is a mechanism in this warmer that keeps the wipes pushed to the top so you never have to reach down in there to get wipes - a hard to find feature with warmers ! They do not brown and they are perfectly warm for about 10 seconds out of the warmer - plenty of time to wipe their bottoms off ! We HIGHLY recommend this warmer - it is THE BEST in our opinion as new parents !
 The review before this one is what got me interested with this produce and so I decided to buy it and let me tell you , it was the best choice ever . I have no real experience with any other wipes , but have read reviews of all the promes other have given like wipes dry out or turn color ... THAT DOES NOT HAPPEN WITH THIS ONE . I love that I just put the whole pack in , plastic and all , and it stays nice and toasty for my son 's bottom . He loves it and no longer has to deal with cold wipes anymore . I love the spring inside to keep the wipes on top . I love that it heats from the top . The wipes never turn yellow and is ALWAYS moist . I also love the little handle on the top , so I just have to pull the plug and easily carry it to another room if need be ! The product is hight recommended !
 I bought this item for my mother who is in assisted living and complains that the wipes are too cold . It works well . Wipes stay moist and warm . Have n't had any problem with the wipes yellowing or drying out . Mom loves it !
 I bought this because my 18-month-old grandson whom I am raising started having fits when it came time to change his diaper . This really helped to make diaper changing a breeze . Even though it states you should use the packages you can just put a stack of wipes in although sometimes you have to add water on them to keep them moist but it works like a charm . I always thought baby wipe warmers were just another gimmick because I did not have them when my kids were growing up but it sure helped to solve his problem.Thanks so much for a great product .
 This is a very cute set . It works well on my 7 month old but my 4 year old likes using it too . Great for getting a child interested in good grooming habits .
 This product and company was great . It was delivered timely , and everything was perfect . I have nothing bad to say about either the product or the company .
 I bought these when I was pregnant with my 21/2 year old , and have used them for every clipping she 's ever received , plus am using them now with my 6-month-old . They 're still going strong ! They are so easy to use , and I 've never clipped their skin with them .
 I tried using the tiny nail clippers on our newborn and ended up clipping her fingers twice ! I felt so bad . These are much safer and easier to use . I love the design but they are also quality and get the job done easily . Great value . Pack these in your hospital bag when you deliver , you will need them !
 I use this to clip my baby 's nails every few days and it is safe and precise . this was bought when he was born so six months of use and so far , no injuries ! I would recommend this .
 I purchased these because I was terrified of using baby nail clippers on my baby girl . These are far easier to use and I can quickly trim my baby 's nails .
 For some reason this nail cutter is listed under toys . So when it came to rating , of course I am going to say this toy is not much fun and does not have educational value . Must be an Amazon error.Other than that , I love to cut my baby 's fingernails and toenails with this . It is simple and makes cutting nails painless . The price is also something I love . I do n't know why parents use the metal nail clippers when baby scissors are so much safer and easier to handle.My only complaint is that the finger hole is a bit small for men 's fingers , if daddy wanted to cut baby 's nails .
 Pros : good gripblunt tipCon : extremely sharp bladesEither/Or : sized for a medium to small adult handPersonally I prefer baby scissors to not have such sharp blades .
 When my sister-in-law asked me to buy a second pair of these scissors , she told me that -LRB- 1 -RRB- these were the best scissors for clipping babies ' nails that she could find and -LRB- 2 -RRB- that the handle in the first pair broke in less than a year . So , I guess , they are the best for that purpose , just not very durable .
 I liked this scissor a lot . very neat and quick easy trimming and do gentle that baby did n't wake up when I trimmed his nails . I highly recommend this item
 It lovely for babies and is very pratical.The item just arrived on time on the dates mentioned . Thankyou ; . -RRB- -RRB-
 After having various pacifier keepers and trying them all , this is it !!! It stays on the baby/todler 's clothes permanently even if they pull it hard . They do n't hurt the baby 's face/neck since they are soft plastic and small . They keep the pacifier in place and within reach .
 I would recommend this product for preschool aged kids . There are several game modes which help encourage physical activity and educational learning -LRB- animal recognition , animal sounds , colors , shapes -RRB- . This is a fun game to play alone or to play with a friend . Easy to store , seems pretty durable , and was an immediate hit with our 2 year old and 4 year old . A great gift idea .
 The toy is probably best for children five and under . I found that my seven year old nephew was easilly able to identify and play the game . This was almost to the point of he becoming bored . However my four-year old nephew had to think about it more in terms of the sounds.The only thing is that even though there are different games , there is not that much variation . The game tends to use the same sounds and shape references just to different music or speeds . Best for younger children .
 It is so hard to find the old pooh stuff . You must get this if you love pooh .
 Great design . Good for kids around 4 or 5 . Rolls really easily and is a little wider than most.Bigger kids will fit easily .
 This stroller has been through two kids now , wentthrough many plane and road trips . We did n't treat it very nicely , I would say we abused it ... But it just does n't break ! Reliability has beenexceptional!Also , very comfortable for kids . Both used to sleep in it for hours without any issues .
 Compact but pretty full-featured , this stroller was exactly what I was looking for . My one complaint -LRB- which is why I gave it 4 stars -RRB- was that the sun shade slips off easily .
 This is a good quality , well made stroller for a very reasonable price . I 've been using this stroller pretty frequently for almost 2 years and it still seems brand new . It 's easy to manuever , fold and unfold , great for travel . The only downside - the basket is hard to get to and small and I would definitely not recommend this for very tall parents . My husband is only 6 ' 1 '' and he hunches over a bit to push and kicks the tires when walking . But overall , it is perfect for what it 's meant for - a simple stroller for older kids at a good price .
 Bought this stroller for our 4 year old -LRB- 30 lbs -RRB- so we could use it on a trip in lieu of our very basic umbrella stroller . I was interested primarily in the reclining feature and did not want to spend much . This stroller really does n't recline as much as I 'd hoped - I would estimate about 5 inches ? - but as these things turn out , my daughter did not want to recline anyway . It was still worth it as she was very comfortable in it . Wheels allow for a very smooth ride and good control while pushing , particularly when using one hand -LRB- which , let 's face it , we need to do a lot ! -RRB- . Also like the storage . The canopy part is kind of weird and when not in use , the flaps get in the way ; my husband fixed this with some velcro but at first it was annoying . We also found it strangely difficult to fold up without turning it upside down , etc. but maybe we are doing something wrong . Overall , for the price I would recommend it .
 this stroller is very strudy , i use it for a year now and i am very sattisfied with it . though i could n't get the navy color , which i wanted . but i agreed for the red one and i liked it . it is a ` boyish ' red color , even my husband could n't deny it . the sunshade is long enough to cover my son 's face . i like harness system , it is childproof . the stroller is lightweight , though heavy enough to stand with the full diaper bag hung on it . i would n't mind it being a little bit higher though -LRB- my height is 172 sm -RRB- , otherwise it is a great choice for toddler !
 I recently purchased the Chicco Caddy Stroller for the purpose of traveling . I ca n't stress enough how WONDERFUL this made my travels , especially at the airport . This stroller is portable , light weight and easy to manage . It only takes one step to fold and unfold . I highly recommend this to any mom traveling with a child .
 After much struggling with finding a travel stroller for my well built 2 year old I finally found it . I had bought the britax stroller and it was wayyyyy to small for him , and very very heavy -LRB- and I feel Im pretty strong -RRB- . Then I went to a department store and bought a 20 dollar stroller which had a reclining seat and a average size basket , again my boy didnt fit . I read the reviews of older children fitting in this one and since it had a slight recline , I thought this had to be it ! As soon as I got it I took it out of the box to my surprise it was already assembled ! And my child fits great in it . The only down side is that the basket could be a little bit bigger . Luckily my diaper bag has belt clips on the sides to snap on the handles . Overall a light , heavy duty stroller that does its job very well . Note
 I got this stroller because my 70 yr old mother in law who comes over to my house to watch our 5 month old daughter , was n't able to maneuver the big travel system stroller we have . This stroller has been a total relief for her and my daughter loves it !! The only downside to it -LRB- as I am sure is with a lot of smaller umbrella type strollers -RRB- the shade canopy does n't provide a lot of shade protection from the sun , so we have to be very careful to keep out of the sun . Also , this stroller is not meant for very tall people , such as my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' , as he has to lean over and often finds himself kicking the wheels . It is just perfect for my mother in law and myself who are 5ft and 5 ' 1 '' though . Overall , this is a very sturdy stroller at a reasonable price !
 I bought this stroller five years ago with my first child . Today it is still working GREAT for my third . I have used it to the limit in our travels , the unlocked wheels are awesome for sharp turns in a store or an airport or on any flat smooth surface . When you lock the front wheels , it can bounce right over the roughest lumpy gravel road or broken sidewalk in the world . We 've lived in South America for five years now , and this stroller is one of the two things I could n't have survived without . The only part I could do without is the floppy canopy .
 I am so glad I found this stroller ! It is amazing . Extremely sturdy and easy to work . Very light weight too . The canopy does n't really cover much , but it 's still a nice feature . And I love the basket underneath and the zipper bag on the back of the canopy . All it needs is a cup holder and you 'd be set . Instead of buying the cheap umbrella strollers that break after a month , just spend an extra 15 bucks and get a quality one that will last .
 Fabulous stroller . Easy to fold up & unfold . The only drawback is its not made for tall adults to push . Manuverability is great !
 Great value for money stroller which served it 's purpose well . We wanted a stroller for travelling and to take on the plane . This stroller was very light weight , easy to fold and the two recline positions were put to good use when my daughter was sleeping .
 I love the Chicco Caddy Stroller ! I was exactley what I was looking for . Great value !
 I have a 3 year old son and he loves this seat . When I bought it I thought it could move around the car because it does n't have any secure to lock directly to the car , but fortunately I was wrong . It fits with bigger kids than my 3 year old son and I 'm satisfied because I know I do n't have to invest more money in boosters for some years .
 When my daughter started to get too big for her baby seat in the car , Graco 's Turbo Booster was one of the first products my wife and I looked at . What we found was that this booster was one of the easiest to use . The loops for the seat belt are convenient . The back is easily removed when the child gets older . The cup holders made our daughter feel like a `` big girl . '' It 's an excellent seat overall . The only complaint I had with this seat -LRB- as well as most of all the others we looked at -RRB- was the lack of cushioning . Other than that , I highly recommend this seat.One other thing that I should mention is that this particular booster fits perfectly in airline seats . If your child requires a booster seat on the plane , I definitely recommend this one for ease of use and its compactness . Some claim that airlines do not allow boosters on the plane . However , in February of 2006 , Continental airlines had no problem with us using the seat on the plane . Perhaps the regulations have changed since then . With the way airlines act and react to happenings in the world , it would n't surprise me .
 This is a great car seat that I had to buy on line because in the stores I could not find any neutral colors . I thought this one was black and grey but they grey parts are really silver , that is ok though . My only complaint is that there is n't much cushion . The other one I have like this that I bought a year or so ago had more cushion but I ca n't find that one now . It is still a great seat , especially for the price . And , if you are wanting a carseat that blends in with your car 's interior , this one is the best I have found .
 ok why would I want to keep writing writing and writing while all I wanted to say is good . strange .
 This is the best booster seat . My son loves it and my daughter has a red version of this and loves it .
 We already had one of these , so it was n't a difficult decision . We love these booster seats , easy to use , durable , and relatively easy to clean -LRB- depending on which color you choose -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this seat .
 We bought two of these for our 5 and 6 year olds . They seem to be pretty well made and do what they are supposed to do . I agree with some of the reviewers about the problem of kids falling asleep and hanging from the seat-belts , but I ca n't see how any of these seats would do any better . Overall I thought they were a good buy . My kids seem to really like them as well .
 This booster seat came with a good price and had everything we needed ! My daughter loves her big girl seat .
 It is a high quality product , easy to assemble and easy to install in the car , met my expectations 100 % Also my daughter loves it and always feel comfortable and safe traveling in the boosterGraco products also have very good acceptance
 My husband has a half cab Tundra . Room is tight so we were having trouble finding something that would be comfortable and work for our twins . The measurements seemed to work so we gave it shot . Our boys are very happy with their seats . They fit nicely and are comfortable . We 're very happy with the purchase .
 We bought this seat with the high back because our four-year old son is rather petite and has n't reached the 40 lb . threshold for the seat alone . Assembling it was rather easy , but connecting the back to the seat required some brute force and swearing . Once together , the back wobbles a bit and easily falls back from a 90 degree angle . This worried me initially , mainly because I was so accustomed to the sturdiness of the Britax toddler carseat we had been using , but I do n't think it has been a safety issue . Of course , I still do n't know if this is how it is supposed to be , but the seat is solid when installed in the car . Our car 's backseat prevents the Graco seatback from falling . It is easy to install ... in fact install is to vigorous a word . You simply set the booster seat on the carseat and feed the shoulder strap of the seat belt through the holder . Voila ! Done . My son loves the big boy feeling and calls the seat his `` Ionic . '' Thankfully we have n't been in any accidents since buying this seat -LRB- and hopefully we wo n't be in any in the future -RRB- , but it appears to be of good quality and restrains him adequately during normal drives .
 I brought this seat for my 4 year old and he thoroughly likes it . It is perfectly designed for it 's purpose .
 This is such a wonderful booster seat . It is easy to use and three fit perfectly in the backseat with enough room for each of them to use a cup holder . The high back holds them in nicely and I highly recommend this booster .
 Really like it . Easy to install and comfortable looking for my son . Great for child learning to put their own seat belt on . Has a seat belt guide .
 Easy to assemble , lightweight , comfortable . Our son likes feeling like a `` big boy '' and we feel confident this product meets our safety standards . Cup holders are a good idea as well !
 So far , this booster works fine . My 3 year old likes it and it keeps the seat belt positioned correctly . We bought this to add to our 3 car seats . We have 1 in each of our 2 cars for our 15 month old -LRB- she inherited one of his car seats -RRB- , and needed the booster so we would have one in each car for our son.We have had a problem with him getting out of the seat belt while driving but that is not a malfunction of the booster , just training our child to not take his arm out of the shoulder belt while the car is moving . Definitely worth the price and I would purchase it again but our son will remain in his 5 point harness car seat for the majority of his car trips .
 Easy to use and a nice seat overall . Only wish the cup holders were deeper . My kids cup falls out when ever we take a turn !
 Muchas gracias , te realmente contenta con el servicio que ustedes nos brindan.Yo vivo en Costa Rica , y poseo un casillero de paqueter&iacute;a en Miami y todas las veces que he comprado en Amazon no he tenido ning&uacute;n problema a la hora de comprar.Mil felicitaciones , sigan siendo as&iacute;.Saludos , Vicky Artavia , San Jos&eacute; , Costa Rica .
 This seat works great with our 31/2 year old . He 's almost ready to use it without the back , but right now , this works good . Very easy to just pull the seatbelt across and click it in .
 This is a good booster seat , and seems very comfortaable for my 3 yr old . The only bad thing is the cupholders , they do not hold any kind of cup . Every cup just falls out because the cupholder is too shallow .
 This seat is comfortable for my three-year-old and should last him for many more years . It 's very easy to buckle him in with the seat belt , rather than having constantly adjust straps when he wears different coats and grows .
 I am a fan of Graco as it is . This car seat is great . Very light , nice colors , and fits perfect in the car . Its not bulky at all . The delivery was very fast . The price of it was GREAT ! It was the best $ 50 I ever spent .
 The seat is easy to install and a toddler fits into it nicely and comfortably . It 's lightweight , which makes it easy to take in and out of the car . It relys on the seat/shoulder belt to secure the child , which would work in an emergency , but to me it seems a little too insecure otherwise . I prefer the unit tethered .
 I really like this booster . I like Graco . I like how it is really easy to set up and get ready to use . The only thing that I did n't like is that it 's really hard for my 5 year old to fastent the seat belt through the little space between the back of the booster and the armrest . She Ca n't get it to work on her own . I think that if the arm rest was n't there , she would be able to do up the seat belt on her own .
 I bought this for my 4-year-old and it 's worked great for us . He likes that it 's for `` big boys '' and I like that he can undo the seatbelt and get out on his own when we 're parked - saves me a little bit of time while I 'm wrestling with my younger one ! It 's sleek , lightweight , and seems to be comfortable enough . I 'd buy it again if I had to !
 I like this seat , but agree with other reviews that it does n't have much padding . It works , is safe , and my son loves the cup holders .
 versatile booster . . moderately priced . . like that it adjusts so that you can adjust the adult seat back when child falls asleep and the booster moves with it to enable child to sleep without head flopping around . Just a base seat booster would do that as well but without the extra side head support for the child .
 this has great support , fits into the car seatbelt perfectly and provides head support for the little one to take a nap when needed . Our granddaughter loves this chair and so do we . It is easy to hook up and makes us feel we are keeping the children safe .
 We already had one of these and were completely satisfied , so it only made sense to buy another for the second child .
 Really good monitor . No interference , works fine in 2-story home and uses rechargable batteries which are included . Overall good value for money .
 Over all good monitor . Clear , low static and works well in the basement if baby is on 2nd floor .
 These nipples are perfect for breastfed babies taking their first bottles because the flow is slower than most Level 1 nipples . Highly recommended !
 I really love these nipples and I use them with glass Evenflo bottles . However , they are incredibly overpriced here on Amazon . I bought exactly the same product at Babies R Us for half the price . I highly recommend the product , just not the outrageous price .
 When my twin girls were born I was at a loss for what to do because the # 1 DR brown nipples seemed to make the babies gag and I was worried about aspiration . I heard of these and I was unable to find them in the store , after ordering they were here via us mail in a couple days .
 If you talk to lactation consultants and speciailsts , they will all tell you to buy this nipple . The flow is slow , so your baby does n't get addicted to the bottle ! Our baby has been alternating between the bottle and breastfeeding for a month now , both are still going strong ! They sell larger flow nipples , but as `` The Womanly Art of Breastfeeding '' says , it is n't as if your breast 's flow increases during your child 's life , why should the bottle ? Let the baby eat slow !
 This nipple was exactly what I needed to feed my preemie and worked well . I had no problems with it .
 The product arrived in a timely manner and was exactly as described . I would do business with this seller again . Thanks .
 I tried atleast 10 nipples/bottles before finding this one . I was breastfeeding my newborn but she was going to need to take a bottle on occassion when I was not available . After having her choke and sputter with many different nipple and crying and being frustrated for atleast 3 weeks , I found a dad whose wife had similar problems . He recommended these nipples . It worked like a charm . She took it on the 2nd attempt . It is very difficult for breastfeeding babies to use a bottle that is flowing too fast . I dont know what we would have done without this nipple . She did quickly move up to the level 1 's -LRB- around 3 mo -RRB- and to the level 2 around 5 mo , but this made taking a bottle possible for her .
 Our preemie -LRB- 6 weeks early -RRB- was a pro at breast feeding , but even at 1 month old , would choke any time she tried to eat from a level one nipple . Our pediatrician recommended these nipples , and they worked perfectly . She has not choked once using them . Much better for her , and much less stressful for us . As an aside , the Dr Brown 's natural flow bottles seem to be the only ones that I 've tried that do what they advertise - elminmate negative pressure and bubbles in the forumula/breastmilk . Highly recommended .
 Our daughter was born with a `` high palate '' and the Stage 1 nipples from Dr. Brown 's were flooding her mouth and she would cough and gag ... I did n't want to use them , but needed to supplement her with formula . These preemie nipples saved the day ! They were the perfect flow AND I was very concerned about nipple confusion since I was breastfeeding the majority of the time - no problems at all ! She went from the bottle to the breast without missing a beat . VERY happy with this purchase !
 When I was in the process of returning to work , we discovered that our EBF daughter was having issues with the nipples that came with the Dr Brown 4oz bottles -LRB- stage 1 -RRB- . I did some research , and found these on Amazon , and it made all the difference !! Our DD will be 3 months tomorrow , and we 're still using these nipples . Not sure when we 'll graduate to stage 1 , because she still seems happy with these .
 My baby girl was full-term . She is a slow eater and with the stage one nipple the milk was constantly spilling out of the sides and bottom of her mouth . I could n't find these preemie nipples in ANY of the local stores and I needed them right away . I paid extra for next day delivery and so glad I did ... worth it ! Now she has no problems . :-RRB- -LRB- BTW , I first tried `` Playtex Vent-Aire '' , as recommended by my lactation consultant , and it was n't noticeably slower to me . -RRB-
 These nipples worked great for my preemie . He was struggling with the Level 1 nipples - milk would come out the sides of his mouth and he was choking a lot . The preemie nipples let the perfect amount of milk out so that he was n't overwhelmed .
 These nipples worked great for our preemie . It slowed down her food intake and cause less throwing up . We use it for breast milk only . If you use a rice starch thickened formula , the hole is probably too small . Works fine for regular formula . Also , be careful with the Dr. Browns bottles , they can leak if not assembled correctly .
 I love Dr. Brown 's . Dr. B 's bottles really help my baby from getting gas or spitting up . My newborn was still having a little trouble with bottles using the level 1 nipples due to the milk coming out too quickly . I switched to the preemie nipples and have n't had a single problem since .
 Our daughter struggled when born with the level 1 nipples as they were too fast for her when trying to swallow . She would often choke and often we could hear the formula going in her stomache rather fast . We found the preemie nipples through Dr. Browns and ordered them and have has a lot of success ! I would recommend these to anyone experiencing the level ones being too fast at first .
 I am returning to work soon and needed to get my 3 week old used to a bottle . I tried lots of newborn nipples and it seemed like with all of them atleast half of the milk that I pumped was on her face and clothes . I read other reviews of these nipples , the flow is a lot slower that the baby would have to suck to get the milk out . I am so glad I got these ! They keep feeding her not messy at all and she goes from bottle to breast with no problem at all !
 I love Dr. Brown 's bottles . The inserts are vaguely annoying to wash , but there 's no vaccuum effect and they seem easier for the baby than others . The photo attached to this item shows the level two nipples -LRB- you can clearly see that it says `` level two '' across the top of the packaging -RRB- and I just wanted to assure anybody who 's as detail-oriented and neurotic as I am that these are , indeed , the level threes !
 These are great nipples ! We have been using them for our little girl for just over 4 months and they work great and show no wear whatsoever . Dr. Brown 's makes a high quality product and as a bonus they fit and work with our Born Free bottles , too .
 I use Dr. Brown 's bottles for my baby so its a must that I buy the nipples which were made for them . The bottles are great ; they do reduce colic and spitting up . Likewise , the nipples encourage feeding and are great for babies 6mths + .
 We love Dr. Brown 's wide-neck bottles . I used Born Free for my first child , but the inventory here is low so switched to Dr. BRown 's since they are readily available at Mothercare . We could n't be happier as my little one loves them !
 My daughter is out of bottles this were very useful , lets see if this will undure till the next one is out of them too .
 Its one of the best purchases we made for our twins together with the Dr Brown bottles . Its hardy and durable yet soft on the babies . We have used them extensively and it has met the demands of the twins very well . Except for the eventual worn out crack it was excellent . We have used all three levels and would recommend level 1 to any new born through level 3 to older babies .
 We bought these bottles for my granddaughter who has had a lot of trouble with colic . The special design helps reduce the amount of air she swallows and we have been happy with every aspect of these bottles . We love the wide mouth design because we use powdered formula and they are wide enough so the formula actually ends up in the bottle rather than all over the counter . Very highly recommended !
 I 'm a grandma and taking care of my 5 month old grand daughter . Her Mom bought the Dr. Brown bottles . We just love them , but we ca n't find the inserts that go in the bottles . HELP ! Any suggestions ?
 This is a very nice wedding photo album , exactly as described and totally worth the money . It 's sturdy and looks elegant .
 Only thing I do n't like is that it gets a lot of lint on the album . Everything else is great !
 Great price quality product fast shipping ! Love how it fits so many pictures !! There are places to put notes next to the picture too
 This is a nice wedding photo album . The plastic covering each picture lays very flat and smooth and is not wrinkled . The book lays open easily , and I 've found that many photo albums are very stiff but this one is not . The picture opening on the front cover is a nice addition . It is n't mentioned in the product description , but there is space next to each photo to write a memo note and I really like this feature . A great , simple album !
 I got this for a friend and filled with her wedding photos as a gift . The very elegant album holds 200 photos and looks amazing with the couple 's photo in the front .
 We use this one for our wedding pictures and it is perfect and there still a lot of free space for more pictures .
 I have been beating a terrible cancer for 6 years . I am the only one in the world to have done so . I work through the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , Texas . I died on April 13 , 2006 at MD Anderson and came back.I started using Artemisinin in my second year . My liver was failing -LRB- Stage 3 -RRB- due to the Chemo . Within weeks my liver counts improved and in 3 months my liver was normal . As long as I take 500mg of Artemisinin first thing in the morning after I awaken with CLA -LRB- a fatty acid -RRB- my counts stay normal . If I stop taking it , they start rising.My Oncologist at Los Alamos Medical Center is in love with the product.Contact me if I can help at TaosGuy@msn.com Use a subject of `` Artemisinin Help '' so I can identify your e-mail . It 's about a dollar a day to take with no side effects!Jack KesslerTaos , New Mexico
 Fit my Burlington bassinet perfectly like a glove . The soft pastel green is very pretty . It 's a nice change instead of having everything blue for boys
 I bought this liner to go in a bassinet that I have had for 12 years and it fits perfectly . The only thing that did n't fit so well was the liner sheet for the pad in the bassinet , but that is ok cause I have sheet sets for it anyway . The color is gorgeous and the price was a steal . I could n't have asked for anything better . Now I just need to get some baskets for the basket liners to go into and I am all set .
 We started using Tushies wipes when our first child was having bouts of diaper rash . Switching to natural wipes was a key factor in getting rid of the rash . Now we use nothing but Tushies for our second child.These wipes do seem somewhat smaller than conventional wipes , but I found them to be adequate for getting the job done without having to use more wipes . Smaller wipes -LRB- less material waste -RRB- with no chemicals that perform equal to conventional wipes seems like a good deal for both my children and the environment .
 no diaper rash since i started using these all natural , mild wipes . their gel-free diapers are great too . - a happy mom
 I love these baby wipes!I can not compare them to big brands because I would not even think of putting all of those chemicals on my baby . I can only compare them to Seventh Generation baby wipes . Those are good also , but I prefer these mainly because their unscented smell is much better -LRB- e.g. less noticeable -RRB- than the one from Seventh Generation -LRB- you know everything has smell even whitch hazel solution , so unsented does not mean no smell at all -RRB- , plus I prefer the way they are folded .
 We registered for this because we did not have door jams to hang the normal bouncers from . We have been so happy with this gift . We have 10 month triplet boys and they really enjoy this bouncer.My babysitter calls it the poop-e-roo . We have noticed that when we put a child in it , 20 minutes later he poops . You really want to watch this because when they get a jumping , this can create quite a mess . I would recommend putting a play mat underneath it.You can put this anywhere . You do not need a door jam . There is no bottom to it though , so you may want to place on carpet . We even placed a water mat under it till they got the hang of bouncing and do not forget a clean up mat.The spring straps are covered well and have had no issues with fingers or hands getting stuck.The seat cover does come off for cleaning but seems to shrink a little each time.The adjustable height is great . Most seats only go to 30 '' or so and then the child outgrows it . Our children are 30 '' and still have one more level to go.The weight for the bouncer is 25 lbs , so if you have a chubby child he may not be able to use it to its potential . Our smallest child gets great heights.Cleaning can sometimes be more difficult . The wheel on the left side loves to collect debris under it . It does not come off so you have to use the wheel to drag a cloth under it and clean it . The musical Kangaroo in the front comes off for cleaning and changing the batteries . It can get quite dirty under there . It traps liquid and debris under it . If you do not have a schedule to clean it you may forget that debris gets under it and can get pretty bad.There are not many toys on this jumper and it is not an exesaucer but more of an additional amusement . On the left there is a blue wheel , my children hardly play with . On the right is a small bar with movable block type toys . The front has the Kangaroo , a bar with beads , lights and a large push button . You can set the music to play with the children move the jumper or you can turn it on or off.There is no tray to put any toys , so I attach Link a doo toys to the bars.I would recommend this and an exersaucer and rotate your children or child in the toys . This bouncer is great for bouncing but not too interactive with toys .
 My son does n't use this anymore because he has outgrown it , but I will tell you that it was one of the best things I have bought for him . I was really nervous about the price , but it was well worth it . He would bounce in it for so long that he would start to nod off . His head would fall forward and he would jerk and start bouncing again . If I tried to take him out to sleep in his bed he would get upset , so I would just wait until he officially fell asleep before I would pull him out of it . I did n't buy it to put him to sleep , but it was sure a blessing when he would n't take his naps . He would play with the toy things , but his main thing was the bouncing .
 We were lucky enough to have both a saucer and the jumperoo for our second child . The jumperoo is basically a doorway jumper on its own stand . There are a few toys attached to it as well , which makes it a bit like a saucer . The baby could choose to just stand/hang there and play with the toys , or jump.Now that dear baby is 9.5 mo , he is a bouncin ' fool . At about 7 months , he would `` step '' rhythmically left and right , before he learned to truly jump . He much prefers this to the saucer -- and we 've given the saucer away already , but he is still happy in the Jumperoo.I would give this product 5 stars , except for a few things -- it IS hard to clean , as previous reviewers have noted . Hard , but not impossible . Also , it is ugly and takes up quite a bit of floor space . But the same could be said for any saucer or other `` confinement '' toy.One nice thing about this toy , if you hate loud toys like we do , is that the off switch is located out of baby 's reach . If you leave it `` off '' the toy is noiseless . Noiseless -- except for the jumping !
 I had to buy this jumper for several reasons
 My son likes to be upright but hes still too short for his excersaucer . He also likes to jump when we hold him so I thought the Jumparoo would be a good solution . I am so glad we got it for him . He loves it ! It combines two things he likes to do ... be upright and jump . Because he is short -LRB- 24 inches tall -RRB- I did have reservations on if it would be like his excersaucer ... nope . He fits it perfectly and his feet touch the ground.Thanks again to Fisher Price for putting out ANOTHER quality item !!
 When I was pregnant I read tens of must-have and do-not-buy lists of baby stuff . Among all the things I thought we needed I never even imagined we would need this . Our son absolutely LOVES this thing . Since we put him in there when he was about 4 months he 's been jumping ever since -LRB- he is now almost 9 months -RRB- . No matter how cranky he may be at any point in the day , once you put him in the Jumperoo he instantly lights up and starts jumping and immitating the elephant . And anyone who sees him for the first time jumping in the thing rolls on the floor laughing.As for the quality and features ... it is pretty sturdy , has 3 height options , which came quite handy . The 3 `` play '' areas are great - our son spins himself to look at all of them once he gets bored with one . The spinning option is also great for socializing - he turns to watch doggy run from one side of the room to the other . He also LOVES the attached fly - it 's his nibbling buddy when he 's tired of the lights.OK , so maybe it 's not a must buy if you compare it to diapers or baby food , but in our house it absolutely is . We could not imagine our lives without it - it makes our baby happy and entertained and cracks up the parents every time .
 My son got this when he was 4 months old . He is now 8 months and still loves it . Perfect when baby is no longer interested in swings and bouncy seats . My son can jump for about 45 minutes at a time ! It is a great investment and has provided me with time to get stuff done around the house!Cons : Does not fold up.Large.Little music jingle gets annoying -LRB- but does not need to be on -RRB- .
 We absolutely LOVE this product . Our son has been jumping in our arms for a while , so we thought we 'd give this a try . He hated swings when he was a newborn , not too interested in the walker a friend passed down to us , but this jumper is AWESOME !!!! He plays with the little toys , loves the music and the lights -LRB- which , by the way , have a low and high volume setting , and of course off -RRB- . This gives everyone a chance to eat dinner without trading turns holding our baby.Suggestion , adjust the height straps to make sure your baby is NOT on his/her flat feet when placed in the jumper . The impact is n't good . The instruction manual does n't go much into this , it only gives a picture of a baby standing on their toes and a baby on flat feet with a line through it . We have n't had a problem with this . Even though baby 's feet do n't completely touch the ground , they can definitely jump and cause the lights and music to go . This will provide the baby , and your family , plenty of entertainment .
 We waited until our daughter was -LSB- ... -RSB- to get her this , and it 's fantastic ! She 's now -LSB- ... -RSB- and it 's in storage , but she was using it until she was about -LSB- ... -RSB- I like that the height is adjustable , the springs are covered , and the seat comes out easily to wash it . -LRB- It was a poop-eroo for us too . -RRB- A few things that I learned using this though is : The blue spinning toy does n't come out and yucky stuff can collect underneath it . It is incredibly hard to clean.The one that I got was a pain in the tush to get the batteries in , so once the batteries died , we set the kangaroo part aside.My daughter 's feet got rubbed raw when we first got this because she loved jumping in it . I recommend using a pair of Robeez , or at very least a pair of socks , to protect their feet .
 My sister bought this for my son as a christmas gift . I honestly can not thank her enough !!! I am a military wife and my husband is deployed and without this I do n't know if I would ever be able to get anything done ! I love this product !!! Whenever my son is fussy and wo n't let me do anything with him I can sit him in this and hes fine ! Even when I ca n't get him down for a nap because he fights it I can stick him in this and he will bounce himself to sleep !! The only thing I hate about this is that hes getting ready to outgrow it -LRB- 8 months and 23 pounds -RRB- ! I would give anything if he could use this until he was like a year and a half . It 's not something I would buy before the baby came but at about 5 months this is a baby must have !!! Honestly without this I would probably have lost my mind by now . It allows me to get showers clean the house everything ! This is my # 1 Baby MUST HAVE !!!!
 This is a great product , both my children loved it . It 's definitely not compact , but it only takes up space for as long as you use it -LRB- and really , it 's only a few months per child -RRB- . However , I can not get over the blatant price-gouging on Amazon marketplace -- this product should not be over $ 70 -LRB- and even that is overpriced -RRB- , but as of today is being sold for $ 137.50 through Amazon . GO ELSEWHERE !
 My grandson loved his jumperoo from the time he was able to sit up by himself . The continued jumping strengthened his legs and I believe caused him to walk at a very early age . The music and lights kept him amused as well . I would recommend this item to any parent or grandparent and I prefer this over a walker for an older infant or a swing for a younger infant . This is one of the best items I have ever used . It is also very stable , well padded , and is adjustable for babies height and growing needs . Our grandson did not want to give it up so we had to hide it in a closet for the next baby .
 I got the Jumperoo for my daughter . She is 5 months old . She loves it she gets so excited playing in it . The first time we put her in it she made this noise I thought she was choking , but I realized she was making her new happy noise .
 This was a great purchase accept for 2 things . 1 when it arrived the part with the toys was broken and it was easier to deal with Fisher Price to get the part replaced thrn it was with Amazon . 2 I 3 weeks later was able to go in to a retailer to find that this model is a last year model and they new one has some minor improvemants . If I had known this I would have ordered it through a different online retailer . I really suggest you do your research on the item if you want the newer model .
 I have 6 month old twins and they both love it , now I have to buy a second one because they both want to jump in it at the same time . I have a saucer but it 's not as fun for them .
 My daughter has loved kicking since -LRB- before -RRB- day 1 . This toy gives her lots of joy . It 's good for about 15 minutes of jumping before exhaustion hits . Good for getting the wiggles out before bedtime . The music is not my favorite , being slightly maniacal , but that 's the curse of kids ' jingles . She 's 7.5 months and still bouncing vigorously . Place in front of a mirror -LRB- so they can see themselves -RRB- or a sliding glass door with outside views -LRB- if they love watching outside -RRB- for more fun . She enjoys being upright so she can see more.Only problem is getting her in and out , as sometimes the kicking legs get in the way , but that 's not FisherPrice 's fault .
 Since I do n't have a doorway sufficient for a regular Johnny Jump-up , the Fisher-Price Jumperoo was the next best thing . My 41/2 month girl loves it - whether I turn on the sounds or not . The high back is great for extra support and , until she becomes a little stronger , I just put a small blanket behind her for added stability . The biggest downside is the size . I wish it were taller and less wide . It 's difficult to fit through certain doorways even with the movable front legs . Also , if it were taller , she 'd be able to use it longer . She 's already on the 3rd level !! All and all , she has a great time in it and that 's what matters !
 My son loves this thing . He loves the toys on the tray and loves to bounce . Plus I love the fact that the music can turn on by him jumping . He 's fallen asleep in it a couple times so it must be pretty comfortable . Worth the money .
 DD was a little over 3 months old when we started putting her in her jumparoo and she liked it from the start . She mostly rocked back and forth at first and has progressed to jumping . It is definately her favorite station to be at !
 My son was getting tired of his overhead play gym and needed to be off the floor . We decided this jumper may be good for him since his legs were already really strong . The first few times he was in it , it freaked him out but now he jumps for a really long time . He enjoys the toys on the jumper and really gets going . Even when he is n't in the jumper , he tries to jump . It 's great exercise for him especially since he is n't crawling yet . It 's great also when you need to have your hands free and keep him entertained . I do agree with the other reviews that it is not very maneuverable but it 's sturdy !
 This toy saved my sanity ! My little girl loved this thing ! I think we started using it around 4 months old and now at 10 months , she still loves it ! She jumps like crazy and really gets to giggling . This is so worth the money .
 This toy is a must-have ! It is impossible for baby to hurt himself , and believe me , my twin boys have tried . Both of them just laugh and laugh when they are in it , and they practically fight over whose turn it is . You will never be sorry that you bought this !
 OK I have FOUR of these in various brands - I have two of the Jumparoos -LRB- we have a large home -RRB- and I have the baby einstein and the Rainforest jumparoo - she loves this one the most - -LRB- I would love if it had all the musical bars and toys of the Einstein that lack a `` spring '' -RRB- the jumparoo gets her bouncing the highest -- it is the best baby product we own and it will be a sad day -LRB- with black arm bands -RRB- the day she outgrows it and we must retire it !
 Bought this and used it for both of my children ! They both loved it ! Passed it down to my sister-in-law , she is thrilled to use it as well !
 every baby should have one , my daughter just loved this it was great for strengthening her legs . It was very safe i did not have to worry about it tipping over and she was big for her age and still I had no worry that it was not sturdy . She would spend hours laughing and playing in it .
 My daughter started useing this at 3 months SHE LOVES IT !! Sometimes she jumps herself to sleep in it . I honestly dont know what i would do with out it she will just jump and jump and jump all day if i let her very good toy however the toys get annoying so i take the big one off and tape up the little ones and she could care less as long as she can jump !
 Jumperoo is a very smartly designed fun-activity toy for infant and toddlers . I bought it in 2007 for my then 3 month old daughter , and she loved it . Both my daughter and son used it until they were about 15 months old , and they both had a blast using it . We have some of thier best video and picture moments in the jumperoo . The kids can become very active using this toy , burning lots of calories and will definitely have stronger feet and legs :-RRB- The best is that it is very safe , as the kid can be confined in a spot and can use it for 45-60 minutes at a time . It is also a great help , as one can go about doing the household chores without worrying about the little one falling etcetra . I would suggest though not to use it for more than 60 minutes at a time , and also to massage the kids feet and legs once a day after use . I did notice that my daughter got into a habbit of standing on her toes using jumperoo and we had to help her land her full feet on the ground once she was ready to walk.I would recommend this activity-toy highly . Thanks !
 My daughter -LRB- 7 months -RRB- is jumping it right now.This is a great toy . All of my kids have used this as they have gotten older and it 's definately been a well-loved toy.I like that it 's adjustable to higher sizes ... though she 's too big , my 3 year old loves to sneak in once in a while still ... Great toy ! Well done .
 I got this used from a friend , or I would have gotten it from a consignment store , because it 's a little pricey . However , my son spent hours in this jumper and it was by far his favorite . I also had a doorway jumper , but that one was always in the way . This one I could put wherever I wanted , and although it takes up a good bit of room , it does fold up to put away when not in use . He stood in it , rocked in it , jumped , played with the toys/lights on front , even watched some TV in it . He got in every morning from about 4 months until he was ready to walk . We have some great video of him jumping wildly in it ! It 's pretty durable , the height adjusts , and it was easy to remove the toy part on front to replace the batteries or clean .
 Our son loved his jumperoo for a few months . We started him in it at 4 months and he used it till he was about 7-8 months . He would jump and jump and just laugh and have the best time . He would get so exhausted and pooped that he 'd nap like a champ !!! Once he started to learn that he could get around by crawling he didnt want to be confined in the jumperoo anymore ... but it was a blast we 'll he lasted in it !!!
 Our daughter loved to stand from just a couple of weeks old . We had packed our jumperoo away thinking we would n't need it for a long time . But about close to 4 months old we decided to pull it out and put it together . I had read in the reviews that some babies went in as early as 31/2 months . As soon as we put her in she absolutely loved it . By day 3 she totally had the jumping down packed and giggles as she jumps . She can only do about 10 minutes at a time but this is the greatest thing . I highly recommend it for every baby !!
 The jumperoo is an excellent toy for the baby that 's just starting the huge development spurt to standing . My little guy loved the jumperoo -- but it was only within a three week timeframe . He got bored of it after he was able to `` cruise '' around furniture . It 's a great product , but those who are willing to spend a lot of money for possibly a short period of time .
 Robust for child which is currently 25 pounds . Good for leg exercise , he really enjoys bouncing up and down . Avoids possibility of bumping head into doorframes , which is good . Do n't expect this product to be useful after your child starts to crawl - they do n't want to be caged up in one of these things for more than 5 minutes once they can crawl . So , product was useful to us from age 7 months up to 11 months , 4 months of value during which time product performed as expected .
 This is the best investment anyone who has an infant could make . My son is 11 months old , and has used this since he is about 7 months old , and he absolutely loves it ! He jumps his little heart out , and it keeps him very content and occupied for a good amount of time ! He laughs and screams and yells and sings the whole time ! I would recommend the Jumperoo to everyone !
 Lexi loves to jump ... but loves this item more if we bring it outside in the grass ~ It has held up very well ... she in still playing with it 5 months later ~
 I 'm finding that Fisher-Price is pretty hit or miss with it 's quality . I like my swing but the swing my mom got is a real mess , all wobbly and not thought out design wise very well.I bought my first jumperoo and my mom liked it so much she made me give it to my sister 's kid who 's a little older than my daughter and had me reorder one for myself since my daughter was still only 3 months old and not quite into it yet . This gave me a chance to compare quality within a single product . I wish I 'd kept the first one . The second one was all scratched up from whoever assembled it in the factory and just was n't put together with much care - kind of like a Monday car . So if you 're into consistent quality you probably want to consider a different brand -LRB- that 's just my opinion now that I 've purchased a few Fischer - Price toys -RRB- . Now that my daughter is growing into the jumper she seems to be enjoying it for the most part . It just has n't been the grand success that I was hoping for . I 'm just glad I have other toys to rotate her to because she only lasts about 15 minutes to 1/2 hour before she gets over stimulated . If you can only afford a few toys definitely get a swing before this jumper . Out of all her toys it is used the least and for 60 dollars or so I wish she got more use out of it .
 I had already decided that I wanted this for my baby before she was born ! I had used the Jolly Jumpers that hang from the doorframes with my other children , however , due to the fact that we were now living in a manufactured home with no real door frames to attach it to , this was an excellent , stationairy option ! Our baby has used this since she was about 4 months and still , the fun has not ended ! Babies love to bounce and it is great with the Jumperoo because they can do it themselves . Saves mommy and daddy 's arms a little work every once in awhile and helps to wear the baby out ! With 4 different height adjustments , it will grow with her for quite awhile . My other daughter has also been known to climb into this every once in awhile and start jumping ! My neice enjoyed it when she came to visit , as well ! So it is great for all young children that like to bounce ! And just wait til you see those smiles and hear those laughs from the jumping and bouncing ! And while I have read a few reviews regarding this not seeming very sturdy , I understand it needs to have some give to it to allow the jumping and bouncing action and I trust this alot more than the Jolly Jumpers hanging from doorframes !
 My 6 month old just loves it , it is well worth the price and I would highly recommend it . He has been sitting in it since he was 4 months , the older he gets the more he loves it . We love it more than the doorway jumper that we purchased for Pap & Grandmas house . He has played in it untill he falls asleep and still he wants to keep bouncing . I clean it with just a damp cloth and I would never recommend giving a child anything to eat or drink in it -LRB- because of choking -RRB- . This is my fourth child and I would say it has been the best out of all the baby equipment we have ever had .
 My son spends hours on this jumperoo ! It 's a great toy for babies who can not walk yet and lets me have my arms free for a few hours each day . I like that it has its own stand , too since our house has 8 ft door frames . Highly recommend it !
 I brought this jumperoo for my nephew and he loves it ! He 'll jump around in that thing all day if you let him .
 grandchild loves the lights and music . only 5 months old and just a peanut but can still bounce and play well in it . with own stand you can take or put it anywhere . great price .
 This is a great product . Our family has purchased two of them -LRB- one for Mom and Dad 's home and one for Grandma 's home -RRB- . We have found that it provides great coordination and strength , plus our baby has fun jumping in it .
 My grandchild adores this jumper ! It was worth every penny . After a little while in this , she sleeps like a lamb !
 My five-month-old just loves this ! He 's been using it for about a month now and does n't seem to tire of jumping . Every time he 's in it he gets a huge smile on his face and jumps so high both feet come completely off the ground . My husband and I have never laughed so hard at something he does . It 's just hilarious - he 's having so much fun.The product is sturdy and we really like the soft `` springs '' for safety reasons . I agree , this is different than an exersaucer , so if you have the money , both are useful.All and all just a great product .
 This was bought for the child that chooses not to walk to exercise her legs per doctor orders . She hates it , but the older child loves getting in it and playing swing.All in all it is a great product . At least I am pleased . Little one is n't , but what does she know .
 My original purchase was a year and a half ago for my granddaugter . She enjoyed it , it entertained her and built her leg strength . It amazed her so much that while my grandson was visiting from Hawaii this year we let him try it . He was 7 months old and enjoyed it . The more he jumped the more noise it made and he loved it , so I purchased one for him to take to Hawaii .
 This was a great product and if it was going to wear out , my grandsons would have worn it out . It was passed on to baby brothers and they all loved it and jumped and jumped . It is so good to build their muscles and pulminary functions .
 Neither of my daughters liked to swing , but they both loved the bouncing motion . We did not have this exact jumperoo , but a slightly older version of the Fisher Price Jumperoo made to look like a pony . At around 5 months old , my youngest could bounce slowly in the jumperoo , and by 6-months-old , she was bouncing like crazy!The footprint for the jumperoo is large , but if you have the space , it 's a life saver - put on some lively music and it will entertain for a good 30 minutes!I think it 's also a great way to build leg strength . My youngest daughter bounced in the jumperoo every day from 5-months-old to 9-months-old . She is now 10 months and walking !
 I borrowed this jumperoo from a friend when I was pregnant with my first child and it was the toy that he used the most and for the longest time . It 's great because it has an adjustable height and four jumpy things so it could be used for a long time . Even when my son was over 1 I 'd put him in it if I had to quickly run upstairs or down to get something and he would happily jump . I had to give the borrowed jumperoo back since my friend needs is again but decided to invest the money to get one for myself . Highly recommend this toy !!!
 We inherited a Jumperoo for our older son from a friend , and also bought him an Evenflo Exersaucer . He definitely preferred the Jumperoo , and would jump , quite literally , for a solid hour a couple times a day if I needed him occupied -LRB- slept well those days ! -RRB- . Our younger twins both -LRB- slightly -RRB- prefer the Exersaucer , but enjoy both - they both like playing with their hands more , but the Jumperoo has enough there to fiddle with to keep them occupied . Depends on the kid - if a child seems like he wants to be up and jumping continuously , this can be a lifesaver . Oh , ours has withstood 4 kids jumping and it 's not pristine , but still works like new .
 The Fisher Price Jumperoo - I think this may be the BEST invention for infant entertainment ever ! We all remember the doorway jumpers - cool idea , but kinda scary ... I mean is it possible for the kid to get a running start and sling-shot himself across the room ? Or worse that the whole contraption just fall off of the doorway ?!!? I first saw the Fisher Price Jumperoo about 5 years ago when we lived in Texas . My friend Rachel 's family was visiting her and they brought along their Jumperoo for baby Maddox . I thought it was the coolest thing ever ! So of course , when we registered for our baby shower 3 years later , I made positively sure the Jumperoo was on the registry!Boy am I glad that I did ! This was literally my little one 's favorite infant toy , hands down ! We started the Little Princess Pea in the Jumperoo at around 41/2 months or so . She was able to hold her head up and have control of her upper body , although we did add some rolled up baby blankets for extra support in the front.The Jumperoo has 3 different height settings so that it can be adjusted as your baby grows . Ours also came with a toy tray that had several different colorful toys on it . The middle toys was musical and had lights . You could set the toy to play continuously or play when the baby jumped.When we first started LPP in the Jumperoo , she could touch the floor with her tippy toes ... . but enough so that she could get some sway to the jumper . She absolutely hated the swing that we shelled out $ 150 for , but the bounce of the jumperoo totally soothed her . As she got older , taller , and more in control of her reflexes , she bounced her heart out ! Her favorite place to be while I cooked dinner was hanging out in the jumperoo.Also , it folds flat , so we took it on trips with us as well . She loved for people to watch her jump - she would get so excited that she 'd just jump and laugh her little self silly ! I feel like it really help to develop her leg muscles , and because you are basically hanging in a little seat , give her confidence in her ability to hold herself up . She was holding herself up on the furniture long before she started crawling.We loved the Fisher Price Jumperoo as did our little one . I recommend it to all of my friends who are expecting ! This item is definitely a must-have !
 I bought the Jumperoo for my 4 months old son after seeing a friend 's son just giggle and laugh in it . I could n't wait to see my son 's reaction in this toy . It took him a while to get the hang of it but then he was off jumping to his heart 's content . The music and sound is motion activated as he jumps . The height is adjustable as the baby grows . This toy lasted until my son was about 9 months old when he learned to crawl and did n't want to be confined to a jumper . But before then , it was a nice way to get your hands free while he wears himself out jumping up and down . The jumper folds up which makes storage convenient . I 'm saving it for my next baby because I 'm sure he/she will love it too !
 This was an awesome source of entertainment for my daughter and now for my son .
 I was fortunate enough to receive this as a shower gift and it was one of the best gifts I ever could have received . After attending a child safety class I was extremely fearful of the doorway version and this provided not only a safe environment but also a great outlet for expelling my daughter 's tireless and endless energy . Not many items will cause a new parent to jump for joy as much as this one does .
 My Jumperoo is on my second child and she loves it just as much as her brother did at this age . I highly recommend this . My kids enjoy it more than their Exersaucer !! It 's worth every penny . Definitely recommend !
 I like this product , as does my son -LRB- though he has n't quite figured out how to jump yet -RRB- . But , it is totally not worth $ 170 . I fail to see why it is so expensive , and no toy for an infant should cost that much . It only really plays one song . For $ 170 it should offer many more features . I bought mine at a consignment store and paid next to nothing . I say it 's worth $ 75 at most brand new , which is about the price of the Rainforest Jumparoo It is a great toy , though it is big and rather cumbersome to lug around . However , to us it was a much better option than a door jamb jumper .
 We got a referral from a very impressed grandmother to buy this for our child . At 3 months , she was kicking up a storm , so we bought the jumperoo to see if she 'd enjoy it - the second try , , she began to jump and has n't really stopped since . It 's actually pretyy portable , and it 's a nice place to drop her in when getting the door or watching her baby einstein DVD . It could have a few more toys now that she 's learning to play with things , but it 's a great thing in our household !
 My daughter loves to play in her Jumperoo . She does n't stay it for more than 20 or 30 minutes at a time but that is time I can get a few items checked off my to do list . I just wish it took up a little less space .
 I bought this jumperoo for my grand daugter for xmas . I was n't 100 % sure how she would react to it , but because she is a 4 months old and somewhat of a high maintenenace baby , meaning she is somewhat fussy and needs to be entertained constantly if she is awake , I felt it was worth a try because of the favorable reviews by other customers . She loved it , and was entertained by the lights and colors of the toys attached . I think that the stimulation provided by the toys and the ability to move unhindered is a definate plus with this jemperoo . I am so happy that I found something she likes .
 This jumperoo is excellent . It is a ton safer and easier to use than the johnny jump up i had with my son . I like that it is free standing , so it can be used anywhere including outside . The only complaint I have is that the seat is a little annoying to adjust the height on . It is not possible to adjust the height with the child in it . Other than that GREAT product , would buy again .
 Bought 2 Deluxe Jumperoos . They arrived quickly and were very easy to set up . Both babies love them !
 My Grandson who is 4 months old , just loves this jumper ! Easy to assemble and only takes minutes . It folds up for space saving storage or travel . This is a great excercise toy and my grandson and I recommend it to all !
 I purchased the deluxe jumperoo when my son was 4 months old and he has been happily using it for about 4 months now . He loves to spend anywhere from 30-90 minutes a day in it . It has been great for when he becomes frusterated with tummy time and wants to move . He has always loved to stand while holding on to our hands and the jumperoo has been a great way for him to exercise . He likes the toys that come attached to it and does not seem to have grown tired of them . I debated between this and a activity center . I am so glad I got the jumperoo because he loves to move ! I make sure to provide him with plenty of floor time so that he develops other muscles and skills . He is just beginning to crawl at 8 months . I highly recommend this toy ... it has been a savior for me to get some other things done while he happily jumps !
 My son lives in this thing . He jumps endlessly and wears himself out for bed . He slides the bear beeds around and does n't care if the music is off or on . I love that its adjustable . We bought one to use at Grandmas ! A definite must . Does take up some real estate though .
 I have an 8 month old and he absolutely LOVES his Jumperoo . He started using it at 3 months and loved it from the very beginning . We also have a Baby Einstein activity saucer and he would much rather play in his jumperoo than his saucer . I think he 's just more into the jumping because he tries to jump in his saucer , but his feet never get off the ground . This is an excellent activity toy for an active baby .
 We originially bought this toy because we did n't have any great doorways that would work for a jumper . We also knew that this one was safer because our daughter would n't be able to bounce her head into anything . Although it 's pricey , this jumperoo paid us back in the first few days . We put our daughter in it when she was 4 months old , and she loved it from then on . She would sometimes jump in this for an hour ! Not only did it give mommy some time to get household chores done , our daughter was totally entertained and the jumperoo is great for building leg strength ! Plus , we could put this anywhere in the house or take it to Grammy 's . It is a bit cumbersome to fold up for travel , but it can be done , and is worth it!I think a jumper is a must-have for babies . And the Jumperoo is the only choice for a jumper . It is MUCH safer than the ones that attach to door frames . You will not be disappointed !!
 My daughter recieved the jumperoo for Christmas . She was 5 months old . She loved it she would bounce and bounce all ay if I would let her . I never trusted the jumpers that you would see hanging from the door jams . She is 18 months now and she still uses her jumperoo and loves it .
 There 's not much to not like about it except maybe the difficulty in pulling the baby out , but nothing like trying to get them out of the infamous `` door jumper '' .
 This is a great gift and I recommend it highly for 5 to 10 month olds . I bought it for both of my grandsons and it was one of the favorites . They both loved to sit and bounce in it when they were about five months until they started walking .
 Me & Baby love this ! The only problem i have is that you ca n't change out any toys & she gets bored easily .
 This is THE BEST thing to happen to mothers and babies . My son LOVE LOVE LOVES it !!!! Jumps and jumps for hours with a huge grin on his face . This is wonderful because you can take it room to room or , like me , take it with me if I can . It 's really helpful when you need two hands to get some things done or just want a break . My baby is extremely high energy and thanks to this jumper my arms are finally getting a break .
 We got one of those `` hang in the doorway '' jumpers but we do n't really have an good place to hang it so we exchanged it for this . My baby really has a good time in it , laughing and jumping all over the place ! Recommended
 Our little one LOVED this toy until he turned 8 months . Now its really a challenge to try to get him into this thing or the Baby Einstein stationary entertainer -LRB- see my review for that -RRB- . However , he will still play with it standing OUTSIDE and loves touching the legs and toys and chewing on the bar . Unfortunately he puts up a fight when we try to get him in it . But we did have a good run for this and it was worth it . He would bounce back and forth and say `` AHHHHHHH ! '' and just laugh really hard . So glad that someone gave this to us and we did n't have to buy it . But if you are making that decision , I say it is totally worth it .
 My daughter used this from about 3 months to 12 months . She loved it ! It was great to use if she needed to let off a little energy , or even if she needed a little down time to watch a short video . Believe it or not , it also worked when she was constipated - after a few minutes of bouncing , she usually pooped !
 Our son began using this at 41/2 months and has used it every day since then . He 's 101/2 months now , and will most likely outgrow it soon , but it has been worth every dime !! Highly recommend this !
 My 6 month old son ca n't get enough of this bouncer . Because it gains strength in their legs so well , I think all babies should have one . Definitely worth the money ! I 've had no problems with it ... except for the fact that he likes it in half hour doses . I guess a chew-toy attachment instead of the wind-mill type toy would be better and keep him busy longer .
 This product is great for anyone who has a baby that loves to bounce . My grandson loves his Jumparoo and I love to watch him when he 's in it . It 's amazing how long a baby can bounce . This product is very sturdy and safe , I highly recommend.Fisher-Price Deluxe Jumperoo
 wonderful product . i have this myself and ordered it off amazon for my sis-in-laws baby shower gift since all the stores had discontinued selling it . best jumperoo around !!
 This is my first review after shopping for ten years on amazon ... . This is an awesome product . We bought it for our second son . He loved it . We already had the saucer but he was always jumping on our laps . The Jumperoo gave me time to get things done . Minus that it gave him super strong legs ... It 's great . Just watch out as the baby gets too big . He was eventually moving it around the room at 11/2 years ...
 We bouhgt this for our 6 and a 1/2 month old daughter and this is her favorite ! Was worth the money . I travel a lot and its easy to break down and travel with . Plus it helps her legs get ready for walking ! Must buy for your little one !
 I used to think exersaucers were wonderful until I got the Jumperoo for my 3-month old . He hated the swing . Was so-so in the saucer but LOVES the Jumperoo . He 's not even big enough to jump in it but he can move it enough to entertain himself . He also loves the music and attached toys . I especially like that it has four height adjustments . A wonderful product and I would recommend this !
 My 6 month old girl loves it ! She screems with laughter every time I put her in it ! I usually do not leave her in for too long because it gets her very excited . I highly recommend it !
 When I ordered this , I was n't sure if I was getting what I truly wanted . I was thrilled when I opened it and it was perfet , with a perfect price .
 My son ca n't get enough of his Jumperoo ! It was easy to put together and is easy to adjust has he grows . I wish we had bought this for his two older sisters . When you need a break and your arms feel like they are going to fall off let them jump . It will also let them expend that extra energy all babies seem to have so they will fall asleep quicker . If you have the space and have the money buy this !!!
 We have had this product for over five months and my now 10 month old still loves jumping in it . It is really durable and we have not had any problems with this product .
 I bought this when my daughter was 4 months and able to hold her head steady while sitting . She jumped a lot then and got a blast from it . Now at 7 months she will sit in it for a short while , but only if she 'd entertained by something else , like watching her Baby Einstein Video . The little musical light show in front does n't hold her attention much . But its nice how it adjusts to a babies height with the 4 straps on each corner . She 's gone from -LRB- 1 -RRB- when she was 4 mos , to -LRB- 2 -RRB- now . She may make it to -LRB- 3 -RRB- by the time she 's almost too big for it . She 's starting to crawl and I doubt she 'll want to be confined to that then . Easy to assemble . Seat cushion removes easily to throw in the washer . Tricky folding it flat enough to keep it up and out of the way .
 My oldest daughter absolutely loved this jumperoo ! My youngest is almost 6 months and she will sit in it very happily ! I wish the music lasted for longer bouts as babies do not seem to grasp the concept of the jumperoo until about 9 months , but overall it was the best purchase i made when it came to baby products ! My oldest would jump in it for hours while laughing her little head off ! Great exercises , wonderful to give moms a break , not to mention exhausting your baby !
 Our son ca n't get enough of this ! We got it for him at almost 7 months old because we do n't have any door jams downstairs for the johnny jumper and this is perfect . He will jump forever and even jumps himself to sleep . We have a small living room but leave it open and out because he uses it so much -LRB- it takes up some room but worth it ! -RRB-
 We love this Jumperoo . Our son who is now 8 mos has been playing in this since he was almost 5 mos . He loves to bounce in it . He will laugh and giggle . He likes it better than an exersaucer . It is great to put him in the Jumperoo when I need to fix dinner . It seems to keep him busy for a while and entertained.Would recommend !!
 We bought the jumperoo for our 4 month old at Christmas and he really likes it ! He bounces like crazy in it but tires of it pretty fast . This system is fun for short bursts but he really gets more use out of the exersaucer .
 I LOOOOVVVEE THIS THING ! My son , now 6 months old , loves to bounce in this jumperoo ! I debated buying it because he was 5 months at the time , but it is so worth it , we put him in it a few times a day , and he just loves it , he acts like it 's the highlight of his day ! Like someone else said , if he 's cranky you can put him in this and he will be happy just like that ! I think it 's great for his muscles too , and now I notice when he 's on my lap , he just wants to jump too ! LOVE IT , A MUST HAVE ! WE also have the baby einstein activity bouncer , but he does n't really like it , he just sits in it and does n't do much . It was a gift so we just kept it , but this jumperoo is worth its weight in gold !
 My 6 month old has pretty much loved this jumperoo since the first day I placed her in it . It took her a little while to get used to it and figure out how to jump on her own . But now she jumps all around , and even swings back and forth . She loves the bright colors and all the fun items to look at while she 's in there . She also loves the music and lights . And I do n't find it annoying at all ... which is more than I can say for a lot of other toys . I think this will be a toy to keep around for quite a while . I also love that it has adjustments for as the child grows .
 I have had my Jumperoo now for 4 years . It is now used by our third child , who is 4 months old . I put him in it about a 2 weeks ago , and he just loved standing there handling the toys . Just a few days ago , he figured out how to jump , and he can be in it for upwards 30 minutes and be happy . While my first 2 kids enjoyed the sound on , I am so glad that the batteries are now dead and so is the sound . My baby is enjoying the toy just as much without the sound , and wo n't you ?
 The Jumperoo is worth its weight in gold in that it provides so much in the way of fun and physical development for our 5 mo old grandson . He loves everything about it
 This is the best toy we 've bought so far for our son . Our son is only 3 months old , but he 's rather large -LRB- 16 lbs / 26.5 in -RRB- . This is his FAVORITE thing to do - jump in the Jumparoo ! He started using it at 21/2 months as a place to hang out and soon figured out the rest ... Highly recommended !
 My daughter loves this thing ! It really does keep babies entertained.I agree with the reviewer that said their baby poops while sitting in this , my daughter does too.The previous reviewer also said there was no tray to put toys in but if you remove the kangaroo on the front there is a small tray you can use for various things.A must have !
 In brief , the Deluxe Jumperoo is BRILLIANT . It epitomizes why Fisher-Price has been the best-selling US toymaker for a jillion years
 I had n't even thought of asking for this item at my baby shower . Another mother who had attended said `` I could n't live without this , so I wanted you to have one too ! `` At 4 months of age I set it up and he loved it ! He has been using it daily ever since , and he is now 8 months old . When he was younger he enjoyed playing with the toys on the tray , but now he just loves the joy of jumping . I like that I do n't have to be concerned about a jumper falling from a door frame , this product is so safe ! I highly recomend this product to all parents . If I have another child , this is a product I will not do without ! Happy Jumping !
 My daughter loves the Jumperoo . We received it as a baby shower gift and when she turned 4 months we put her in it . At first she did n't really like it and her feet barely touched the floor but after a week , she was going crazy in it . She gets so excited and her legs are getting very strong . She will stat in the Jumperoo for a solid 30 minutes playing . I strongly recommend .
 We purchased the Jumperoo for our son because he was constantly trying to bounce in his exersaucer . He absolutely loves the Jumperoo and it is a great source of exercise for his developing leg muscles . He can bounce for long periods of time , and the music , although repetitive , is appropriate for the bouncing motion . It makes him laugh !! There are a few toys on the front of the Jumperoo and he loves to stop and play with him . He has learned to spin the toys back and forth , which increases his finger and wrist dexterity . I highly recommend this toy , especially if you have an active child !
 This is a MUST HAVE ! It 's fun for parents -LRB- watching -RRB- and baby alike . We rolled up blankets and put them on either side of his head until he could hold it up . He even tries to jump in his exersaucer :-RRB- -LRB- I recommend both because this one is very physical , but the exersaucer is important for entertainment and hand-eye contact , etc. . -RRB-
 My son loved the jumperoo from the time he was about 4 months to a little over a year . Just like someone else on here , we called it the poop-e - roo too . Everytime he was in it , it made him go . Fortunately , it was easy to clean . My son is 2 and 1/2 now and still wants to go in it ! I loved how stable it was and that it did n't attach to a door frame . Would recommend to anyone !
 This is , by far , the best product I have bought for my daughter . I purchased this bouncer when she was 4 months old because she was always bouncing and kicking her legs . She loved it right away and at 11 months , she still enjoys being in her jumperoo . I think she is going to outgrow it before she is ready to give it up -LRB- or maybe before I am ready to put it away -RRB- . The fact that it is free standing instead of relying on a doorway was a big plus for me ; made me feel like it was much safer . I encourage all new parents to consider this before a walker or even an excersaucer . It is a bit bulky , even when folded but it is well worth the space it takes up . We LOVE it ! * Update * At almost 14 months my daughter is still using and loving every minute with the jumperoo . She even tries to climb in all by herself . Yikes ! She is a very energetic bouncer and now that she is getting toward the end of the weight limit I 've found that on our wood floor she can scoot it across the room if given the chance . Placing it on a rug seems to help a little bit but sometimes the rug just goes along for the ride .
 You will never regret buying this item . It is by far the best thing i 've rec 'd as a baby gift . My twins love it and if your debating whether to spend the money -LRB- as i was -RRB- , just BUY it - it is hours of entertainment !!!!
 Our baby can spend a good portion of his day jumping in this thing . Even if he is n't jumping he loves to hit the noise buttons and various toy items around the seating area . Sometimes he just is n't in the mood and will cry and jump but most of the time he is delighted and will wear himself out .
 Initially , our baby was a little put off and the music frightened her at first . However , after the second time , she got the hang of it and we left the music off . Her legs have gotten really strong and she seems to be developing so quickly now . Plus she is entertained for up to half an hour.Not to mention , it is a riot . She laughs and goes bananas on it . It 's entertainment for the parent as well as the child.The only unfortunate thing is I think she 's going to out grow it quickly . We 're already on level 2 , ready to go on level 3 because her knees are almost touching the ground when she bounces down , and she 's only 6 months old . She may be on the long side , but I 'll be sad to see when she 's outgrown it .
 We call it the poop a roo for the same reason the previous reviewer called it the jumpapoo ! Really gets baby moving . Also music is hillarious !
 my son loves his jumper . he 's been in it since about 3 months , and it helped him to start jumping and using his legs ... and now he 's a little muscle man ! -LRB- well , he 's strong , anyway ! -RRB- he 's now 6 months old , and he 's been playing in his jumper for over 3 months now and he still loves it ... which i ca n't say for some of his other toys that he 's bored with!i highly recommend this . my son loves it , me and his father love it , our babysitter loves it , his grandmother loves it ... etc !
 This is the best ! My little one has been sitting in it since she was about 4 months old and loves it . She 's just now started to really jump in it . It 's a arm saver for me too since she likes to jump while we let her stand in our laps . My biggest reason for buying this was because i felt it was safer than the ones that hang from the doorway . In fact we borrowed a friend 's when we were at their house that hung from the door and she did n't like it as much . She could n't stay still if that makes sense ... it would spin her around too much . Well worth the money for me !
 My son received this Jumperoo for Christmas and loves it . He is large baby for his age -LRB- 16 lbs and 26 inches at 4 months -RRB- and has almost outgrown his swing and this is great alternative to keep him busy and happy so that I can get things down around the house . He loves to jump and the lights and music that plays when he does encourages him to keep jumping . It not only keeps him happy but wears him out for his daily naps . I love this thing .
 My son just loves this ! We have always had the ones that attach to a doorway , but our new home had no place to hang one , so this is perfect . He would spend so much time jumping up and down , and even side ways . The higher he jumped , the more he laughed . The legs kind of fold together so you can fit it through narrow doorways if you need to move it from room to room , which I did . It 's a little awkward trying to carry it , but not too bad . I like the height adjustment too . He has been able to use this for a long time -LRB- he is 10 months now -RRB- . We have a new baby cousin waiting for her turn to use it !
 To put it simply , for 2 of my kids , this toy was wonderful . They were the types of babies who hated tummy time and even at 2 monhths would stiffen their legs when something was under their feet to get into the upright position . They loved this toy from around 2 months when their heads were stable enough . The bouncing sessions were a riot to watch , and since my kids bounced hard , they were always rewarded with the music and lights going off . That said , my middle child , hated this toy and only got in it 2 or 3 times in her whole infancy . It 's a love it or hate it toy . I 'd say , because of the lack of rotation and minimal toys , it 's really for those active kids who want to be upright , and really use their legs well . Calmer more `` hands on '' kids may prefer an exersaucer .
 it 's a safe game , fun for my nephew . . and helpfull . . hlpfl . . coz my nephew sometimes changes into a devil . . ca n't stop moving and that bothered his mom alot . . i bought it as a gift . . and surprised her with it . . first i showed it to her and she said . . maybe i will buy it . . then i said no it 's not good . . lol . . i was afraid that she may buy it while i have already bought it . . it 's REALLY GREAT . . you HAVE to buy it really . .
 He loved this untill he got to big for it . Highly recommend
 My son liked this during the entire spring/summer when he was around 7 months old . It was used mostly outside and is pretty tolenerany of slight sloped ground . We got the green / jungle version and he really enjoyed the lights & sounds . He took to boucing instanlty as well as the removable toy bar . I really like that there was an assortment of activities for him to choose from that were age-related . The adjustments for height were easy to adjust . -LRB- It is a sliding metal bar that holds the fabric -RRB- . The toy did n't last long with my son since he did not like to be constraned to a seat after he was 91/2 months.We did get our money 's worth since it seemed that this toy was the only thing I could set him down in that he enjoyed and I was able to enjoy a break for a change . I think all beginner stages can enjoy this to some degree , but the pre-sitting thru sitting age is more of an ideal age range for this toy .
 My daughter loves this ! She could spend hours at a time if we let her .
 This was purchased for my 5 month old granddaughter . She absolutely loves to jump . She even occupies herself playing with the toys on the jumperoo . It has been raised a little so her feet do n't touch the floor anymore and making it a little more difficult but she will get the hang of it soon . I would recommend this to anyone with small ones .
 My son absolutely loves the Jumperoo . He really has a good time in it . It was very easy to put together . It was a great investment !!
 We have twin boys and I think the Jumperoo is the best ` entertaining ' toy out there . We have an exersaucer and a walker as well but our boys prefer the jumperoo and one of them will actually jump in it till he konks out ! It 's so cute !
 The doorways in our house do n't have moulding , so we could n't use the regular johnny jumper . This is a great replacement ! My 4 month old loves it already .
 I bought this for my 5 month old grandaughter and I do n't know who likes it more , her or us !!! She has a great time bouncing around and likes the lights and music as well . It arrived quickly and I was able to get it at a good price . Pop-pop could n't wait to put it together and see his little sweetpie in it !! What a great investment !!!
 My son prefers johnny jump up a lot . Even though it does n't make noise , he 's able to turn in a circle and follow people moving around them with his eyes . The jumperoo takes up a large area of space and is hard to store because only one side collapses in and it does n't make it much smaller . Unfortunately , we ca n't use the jumperoo in our house because there are no door frames to hang it from . There 's no space above our molding to fit the clamp .
 My son is 8 months old now and LOVES this jumper . When we first put him in it at 5 months he was a little leary of it . Now he entertains himself for a long time on this toy . What is even better is he wears himself out before naptime on it !!!
 This is a must have !! Kept my nephew very occupied . He loved every minute of it !! Good buy for the money .
 I will recommend to every parent ? because you will have fre hands for sometime , and a lot of positive emotions for your little one . I love amazon , they always describe the products as they really are , and they give the best price for this product .
 Twenty-eight years ago I had a jumper in my kitchen doorway for my son . He loved it and had such a huge grin on his face as he jumped away . I had to stay right near him as he got a bit older since he would jump so wildly I was concerned he 'd jump right into the doorframe . Fast forward 28 years and I bought this jumperoo for my 5-month-old grandson . The grin is still the same - he loves it - but there 's no door frame to worry about . We can take it with us when we visit other family members and we do n't have to worry about damaging their woodwork - the ability to collapse it slightly helps with that . The light and sound action when the baby jumps is an added treat . The seat is deep enough that even when he 's not a good sitter the seat holds him securely . I have nothing but good to say about this .
 My 4 month old daughter loves this . It 's also perfect because we can take it outside . While our older children play in the backyard , she can play in the jumper .
 This thing allowed us to eat dinner every night from 4 months til about 10 months . Once our daughter could crawl , she preferred to be out , but now she 's 18 months and goes into it again !
 My 5 month old grandson loves this . He has the Rain Forest Jumperoo at his house and this one at his Gramma 's . We put him in it and he will jump and play for a long , long , long time . He stops to play with the toys -LRB- and finds the bright green cloth covered springs & elastic fun to touch -RRB- . Then starts back junmping . It is safe , entertaining and he will jump & jump & jump . Yes , it does take up floor space , more than the Rain Forest one and the music is annoying ... very . But he plays in it just as well without the music . Giggles & laughs even when he should be tired & cranky . Well worth every penny & more .
 My child has really gotten to love the jumperoo . Each play session lasts longer and longer . It 's great exercise for the little ones and fun for the parents too ! IF at first your child does not want to stay in very long , just keep trying ... It has become a favorite !
 I bought this for my grand-daughter a couple of months ago . She gets lots of bouncing in it now at 6mos . I gave it 4 stars because she does n't seem too interested in the toys and it is kinda awkward to carry in from the truck when she comes over to my house . Her parents love it since she 's lost interest in her swing . It 's great that you can turn off the music and/or the lights . I definitely think it was worth the money !
 I am so glad that I purchased this Jumperoo . My grandson has had many hours of enjoyment jumping in it . It doesnt take up a lot of space . I purchased it from Amazon because it was the best price I could find on line or in my home town . I would recommend this product to any parent or grandparent .
 I bought this after seeing my cousin 's baby entertain himself for almost an hour in his ! He screamed when you took him out of it ! Well , my little guy likes it , but not as much . He 's more of an exersaucer kid . If you 're baby likes to jump and rock ... then this one is definately for you though .
 I looked every where for a reasonable price on this product and Amazon had the BEST ! My 4 month old daughter loves this Jumperoo , she just laughs so hard when she jumps and the product lights up and makes music ! This product keeps her occupied for at a minimum of 30 minutes -LRB- gives me time to wash the bottles -RRB- . This product comes highly recommended , especially for mom 's who have to get some cleaning finished . Your child will love it to ! Worth every cent ! I use mine almost everyday , as either an interactive toy -LRB- I sit in front of her and sing and play with the toys -RRB- or I easily carry it to my kitchen so I can wash the dishes -LRB- and listen to her laugh so hard -RRB- . I ca n't say enough about this product . I have no problems or complaints .
 I ca n't praise the jumperoo highly enough . My daughter was very clingy - we tried swings and the vibrating bouncer seat -LRB- the one they ca n't jump in -RRB- and she 'd stay in them for at most 15 minutes before wanting to be held again.The first time we put her in the Jumperoo , she stayed in it for an hour . SHe loves it ! She jumps and jumps , then takes a break to play with the toys , then jumps some more.I wish it did n't take up quite so much floor space -LRB- we have a 1 bedroom apt -RRB- , but its worth it to have my hands back !
 I LOVED this jumper . Our floorplan is very open , so we do n't have doorways in which to hang a jumper . Also , that idea has always made me very antsy , so the idea of a free-standing jumper made me feel much safer . I love the 5 height adjustments , the washable pad and removable front toys . I love that almost every piece can be easily washed and the others just take a little more time . The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars is the amount of space it takes up . It is very wide and even when folded , requires quite a bit of space . It does make some noise when your baby jumps , but nothing unbearable . All in all , I loved this product and so did both of our boys !
 That is so funny that a previous reviewer called this the Pooperoo because my daughter poops almost everytime I put her in it ! And it really squishes up the back of her diaper because all her weight is pressing down right there - ew ! But anyway , this thing is AWESOME ! We bought it for my daughter right before she turned 4 months and , I swear , within a week of getting this for her my very `` colicky '' daughter was suddenly a happy baby . Before we had this , I was her Jumperoo - holding her for hours while bouncing on an exercise ball -LRB- not great on the back ! -RRB- - and this seemed to solve all her problems ! She is now 11 months old and still goes in her Jumperoo about a half hour everyday to watch a Baby Signing Time DVD -LRB- and so I can take a shower ! -RRB- . I 'm surprised that even now that she is a skilled walker she still enjoys spending time in it . I 'll be sad when she outgrows the weight limit !
 We got this as a `` hand-me-down '' from a friend who used it with her 2 boys . Our son tried it for the first time last week and LOVED it !! He laughed and smiled like crazy . We have n't used it for a long time yet , but for those who are concerned about durability , it got a beating before it came to us and is still going strong .
 This has been such a life-saver . My daughter -LRB- now 8 mo. old -RRB- has been using this since she was three months old . She absolutely loves this and I love the fact that it is portable and you do n't have to have a doorway to use it . She gets so excited when I put her in it and will sometimes spend an hour or more jumping and sqealing with delight . It allows me to get a few things done -LRB- dishes , shower , etc. -RRB- knowing she 's happy and safe . I do wish I had the rainforest jumperoo , since it has a few more things on it and the seat swivels , but overall , this has been great and I would certainly buy this again .
 My daughter will stay in this as long as you let her ! She is 6 months and jumps like crazy . This jumper had an easier bounce than the rain forest or Baby Einstein jumpers . It was a bit cheaper too . When we tried it at BRU , she literally cried when we took her out . While she likes the exersaucer , she LOVES the jumper .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 41/2 months old and although it took her a couple of weeks to figure it out , she now absolutely loves it ! It 's well made and sturdy which is always something a new mother looks for . At 5 months , my daughter is jumping with the best of them ! This provides tons of entertainment for her and anyone who 's watching her jump . It 's absolutely hilarious to see what a baby can do in one of these things ... it 's provided a ton of movie footage that she can enjoy when she 's older .
 Fisher price has created an almost slam dunk with its Jumperoo deluxe.The only frustrating aspects of using this product is having to manually adjust all four of the spring based straps.Other Models adjust products height by simply pushing or pulling the 4 support legs into various positions.Otherwise , my son loves to play in this for as long as he can . It helps him burn off that extra energy when he 's been inside too long or kept up on a rainy day.As a Physician and a Father , a solid buy for the price .
 This toy is a must have for babies 6 months and above . My baby Isabella uses it aboout 1 hour daily and after a few weeks she has developed her leg muscles amazingly.Assembly is fast and the stow away option works great . The toys that come with the jumperoo have not really grabbed her attention .
 My baby loves this product -LRB- and so does the adults watching him bounce around -RRB- . He quickly learned how to use it ... he 's four months . We can actually leave him in there when we have to do something else and not worry that he 'll fall off.Love this product !!! I highly recommend it !!
 The laughter both our twins and we get from the Jumperoo is wonderful . Our little boy is a maniac in it , and loves the music when he bounces up and down . Our little girl loves being watched , and it seems to have made her legs much stronger.The jumperoo is very well made , and even though they are both go crazy in it , we are confident that it sturdy . The entertainment value is worth every penny .
 I bought this b/c I was told it was much safer than a doorway jumper . Either way - my daughter loves it ... and with the 4 size settings - your baby will get to use it for a while .
 This is a wonderful item . My grandson is so happy in this swing . he just loves it .
 We looked at a number of different bouncers for our 5-month old before choosing the Jumperoo.I was worried that the doorway-style jumpers might not hold up to my rapidly growing and bouncing son , but also did n't want anything too large or with too many ` gadgets ' attached . This bouncer fit the bill and we 've had no problems with it whatsoever . I love the option to turn off the music and noise makers and my son just loves being able to bounce !
 My daughter loves the jumperoo we got her . Its not bulky and it folds away easy . It keeps her busy for long enough to get things done . Absolutely a must have for new moms .
 My daycare mom has this and the kids have so much fun bouncing in it . Their faces are bright and they are laughing the whole time . What a lifesaver ! I might put the exersaucer aside and get one of these for my house .
 This is up to Fisher Price 's high standards for safety and baby entertainment . My granddaughter immediately figured out what she was supposed to do , and will spend all the time in it that I will allow . It 's good exercise for her and makes us both happy .
 This is the best toy I own for my son . I bought it when he was about 4 months old , because he was always standing on my lap and bouncing up and down . He LOVED it . He uses it EVERY day , even now , at 8 months old . It was wellllll worth the money . He entertains himself in it for a good 15 minutes at a time - sometimes longer . He loves the toys on it that light up and sing . I love the fact that the height adjusts so he wo n't grow out of it for a long time . I also like that I do n't need a doorway to hang it in . I highly recommend this to anyone with an active baby !
 We bought this jumparoo for our daughter when she was 4 months old . It looked like fun to us , so we figured we 'd give it a try . This is the best investment we have made as far as toys for her go ! She is 7 months old now and absolutely loves her jumpy ! She laughs , smiles , jumps , giggles and just has an absolute blast in this . She even gets all excited when we put her in it because she has so much fun ! I would recommend this item to anyone with a little one ! It is well worth the money !
 We bought this jumper and Olivia really liked it but only for short periods of time . For something free-standing there is not enough toys to keep her entertained . She does n't even bounce in it that much anymore at 7 months . We then purchased an older model that attaches to the door frame and she went nuts in that . I do n't know why but she stays in that MUCH longer and seems to have alot more fun . So if you can find a nice one , I 'd get the `` johnny jump-up '' model before spending on this . We found a new one for $ 10.00 at a second hand store .
 This Fisher Price Jumperoo was super easy to put together ! My 7 month old has been using if for a little over a month now and absolutely loves it ! It makes it easy for me to do household chores or get ready while he has a blast jumping around in this . Once I am done with it I will be borrowing it to my sister-in-law !
 My son just loves this jumper , we got it when he was 3 mo. old . He is 4 mo. now and has really got the hang of it . It took him a couple times of trial and error.But now that he has the hang of it , it 's all he wants to do . He even tries to jump in his stationary play area .
 Great entertainment for both baby and parents . Kind of big , takes up a lot of room but worth it . Baby can spend about 30 minutes before he got bored .
 My daughter is 4 months and is really starting to enjoy this . She does n't stay in it longer than about 10 mins now , but everytime I put her in it she goes alittle longer.The construction and idea for this is wonderful , the door way jumpers are so dangerous .
 My eight month old daughter loves this jumper ! She laughs and gets such a kick out of being able to jump without being held . She takes better and longer naps after she plays with her Jumperoo . I wish I would have bought this months ago ! I just wish Fisher Price had an Ocean Wonders Jumper , so all of her goodies matched !
 This bouncer has been a life saver . My daughter adores it and now at 18 months she has gotten too tall for it so my husband has added another whole to raise the bouncer higher . -LRB- it comes with 4 settings but now has 5 since my husband added another one -RRB- She uses this swing for hours every day . I know for sure she has great leg muscles from using this swing . VERY DURABLE ! YOU CA N'T GO WRONG WITH THIS BOUNCER !
 All my kids have absolutely loved this jumperoo . It has kept them occupied when other things have n't . Plus , this is great because it can go every where -LRB- it does n't have to go in a doorway . -RRB-
 I -LRB- and more importantly , my twin boys -RRB- really like this jumper . It seems safer than the doorway jumper , mainly because their fingers wo n't get mushed . I like that it has multiple height settings and that it 's on a sturdy frame . They love to jump in it , and before they were able to crawl , it was one of the few ways for them to get out some of that excess energy and get some exercise . Plus , it 's a nice safe place for times when I 'd like to get something done without having to keep a constant eye on one of the babies.The cons -LRB- that would n't keep me from buying it again -RRB- are
 I bought this for my son when he was just shy of 4 months old . Initially , he would just sit in the seat , occassionally moving sideways -LRB- probably because he lost his balance -RRB- . After 5-10 minutes he was ready to hit the eject button -LRB- he 'd had enough -RRB- . That lasted 4 or 5 days during which we 'd put him in the Jumperoo 2 or 3 times per day with hopes that he 'd grow to enjoy it.On the 5th day he began jumping up-and-down like a crazed kangaroo ! His face had a wide smile and some drool , he was excited ! From that point forward -LRB- and still going -RRB- he 's consistently loved his time in the J-roo . He regularly has jumping sessions of 30-45 minutes while watching Clifford , Dragon Tales , ... This is a great way for little T to be in a upright position while strengthening his little legs . Also , it 's not a bad break for us parents now and again .
 We bought this when our son was 3 months old . He knew what to do the second we put him in ! He loves to jump and it 's a great way for him to spend extra energy while we watch him or do a quick household chore . It was a breeze to assemble and the seat comes out easily for cleaning . He loves the music and toys and seems inspired to jump when the music plays . He seems to prefer it over his exer-saucer , swing , and bouncy seat . We 're even taking it apart to bring along on a road trip . This is a must for little froggies and joeys who love to bounce !
 This is a great toy for babies . It 's a little pricey , but well worth it , considering how much your child will be in it . My son loves it so much . It is very safe , and works well in our house where doorway jumpers really would n't . I would give it five stars except for 2 things :1 . The music it plays -LRB- 2 songs -RRB- are shrill and annoying . We took the batteries out .2 . The box says it is collapse-able and you can move it room to room . You can , but it is still pretty big to be moving around all the time.Neither of these things should keep you from buying this , however . It is a great investment , and will grow with your child .
 We got this for my son when he was able to sit up and push up on his legs . He did n't like it at first , but once he warmed up to it , there was no getting him out of there ! He wanted in it constantly and unfortunately grew out of it quickly . That was not a problem with the toy however , just that my son grew VERY fast . We plan on using it again with our next child . A definate GREAT BUY !
 The jumperoo is great ! My little one is just now 4 months old but already seems to really like hanging out in it . She still has n't learned to bounce herself but she loves the toys and the opportunity to be upright . I ca n't wait for her to figure how much she can move and bounce in it ! Definitely glad I purchased it !
 This is a good toy for babies to have some fun bouncing around . The only pet peeve I have is that it is advertised as being able to fold up however when it is folded up it is not that much smaller than when its open . Its a lot bigger than I expected it to be . If space is an issue a gym saucer may be a better option .
 I bought this for my daughter who is 41/2 months old . She LOVES it . She was n't feeling too well the first day I had it , but I thought I 'd give it a try anyways . Is was the first smile I 'd seen from her all day . She was actually smiling and laughing , and stayed in it for about 20 minutes !!! It 's wonderful to strengthen their legs and let them burn some energy . My only reccomedation is to buy this early , my daughter is already 20 pounds and the weight limit is 25 , so buy this when they 're about two months old and you 'll get a long life out of it !!! Highly recommended !
 I bought this for my first baby -LRB- now 21/2 -RRB- . He did n't like to spend much time in the Jumperoo and would only last a couple of minutes . I recently pulled it out and tried my 5 month in it . She was a bit fussy at first but now absolutely loves this . She jumps up and down for an hour , laughing and playing with the toys on the front . Any toy that can keep a 5 month old amused for more than a few minutes is wonderful and so I would definitely recommend it.I would have given it 5 stars but feel the gadgets on the front could be better .
 We finally broke down and spent the money on the Jumperoo and were happy we did . We have to limit the time our son spends in it because he 'd jump for hours on end if we did n't limit him to 5-10 minutes a day . The Jumperoo has sturdy construction , and the 4 settings are useful . I was a bit concerned about the coils inside the fabric because I was afraid that our son would get his fingers pinched when he held it , but he 's been fine . He does n't play with the toy attachment . I think this is a much safer alternative to the jumpers that hang from the door frame .
 Very good product , will make any baby happy and strong by jumping.THe only problem it requires a lot of space .
 This thing is awesome . We were able to put my son in this starting at 2.5 months -LRB- with direct supervision -RRB- as he has been a pretty sturdy baby . He loves it . He kicks and wiggles and will do this for 20-30 miniutes before he falls asleep in it . All they want to do at this age is push with their legs and this is a great soulution . It has also helped with his reflux by serving as an alternative to us having to hold him upright after every feeding . A ` must have ' .
 My twin boys thoroughly enjoyed this toy . Seemed to be safe and reliable . I aslo had lots of fun watching them . They are now 10 months and have lost most interest in it but it was great for between 5 and 8 months . Recommended .
 this jumper is great to spend time and strengthen the legs . My baby is 6 months old and she is already stronger and balance is much better . I never leave baby alone and i do not recomend to do that to anyone . She laughts , plays with toys in front of her , the music sounds are very tolerable . Great investment .
 This is a fun toy and was very easy to put together . It is also easy to adjust the seat as your child grows . I just wish my son liked it as much as home as he does at the gym daycare . He is now 7 months and still uses is occasionally . When he 's in it he 'll stay for maybe 20-30 minutes . Despite that , I think it is a fun , safe toy , well worth the money .
 Item arrived in perfect condition and earlier than I expected . The item is completely safe for the age group it recommends , and is now being enjoyed by my 6 month old grandson . Thank you
 This is the cutest thing I have ever seen . After seeing a friend 's son jump on this like crazy for -LRB- what seemed like -RRB- forever , I had to get it for my nephew . He LOVES to jump , loves the noises and pieces that light up . It 's perfect for a child before they can wlak .
 My 6 month old son and I went to a friends house and her daughter who had one of these so to keep him occupied I put him in it ... he LOVED it ! He was jumping around like a there was no tomorrow ! I just had to have one ! So as soon as I got home that night , I purchased one ... this was about 2 months ago and he plays in it all the time and just absolutely loves jumping in it and playing with all the toys attached to it !!
 This is an amazing product . Once a child has enough neck strength to control their head during the bouncing , this is a great way to give babies that are n't mobile a chance to get their energy out and move ! When I was pregnant I had a number of moms recommend this product and I now understand why . This product is very entertaining for a baby and allows the parents to put their baby down for a while and accomplish something else -LRB- or rest -RRB- ! I do n't think the cover is very hard to clean , and my baby is also interested by the two side toys that are on it -LRB- there is a spinning wheel and three kangaroo shapes that move back and forth on a bar -RRB- . My baby and I definitely recommend this product as our favorite baby toy .
 My son loved this ! I purchased this item because I was not comfortable with the idea of hanging something from a door frame . I was nervous that the one that hangs from a door might somehow come down . I felt that my baby was very safe in this and I could put it anywhere in the house that I was . Once he was walking , he did n't use it again .
 Our baby is nearly 5 months old and , after reading the reviews , we decided to get this . Despite the amount of floor space it takes up -LRB- not much more than the Baby Papasan swing , by the way -RRB- , I felt safer with this than one hanging in the doorway . He loves it ! I think he feels independent and is burning off some energy , too.My only complaints/suggestions-to-the - company are : -- I wish the toy on the front was easier for this not-quite-5-month-old to reach . He ca n't get to almost any of it , and gets frustrated . I 've had to take it off until he gets bigger . Maybe giving us 2 toys -- one that a smaller baby can reach , and this one to switch to when they get bigger , would be a good idea . Or change its location so all babies , no matter their age/size , can reach it . -- Include in the directions some guidelines on what the height of the chair should be . Maybe it 's obvious to everyone else , but I 'm still not sure whether he should appear almost sitting , or more standing when at rest in the seat.We have n't had this all the long , but right now , I 'd have to say it 's his favorite . Great buy for sure - I 'm very glad we did it !
 Everything everyone said is right , but in addition , it seems to be the only thing we can put our daughter or son in to calm stomach upset or gas . They like being upright and `` bouncing '' out their discomfort . About the only con is that the toys and sounds are repetitive and somewhat boring for them so we , too , end up attaching other stuff to it .
 This thing is absolutely amazing and keeps our 6 month old daughter entertained for a good amount of time . I definately second the pooping though , our daughter usually ends up pooing while jumping around . No complaints though : -RRB-
 This thing is awesome ! My 3 month old was just lying around in bouncers and playmats , getting no exercise when I saw this . He absolutely LOVES it . He jumps for hours a day total - in about 30 minute intervals . He gets sooo excited when I put him in it , and it is hilarious to watch as well . Like the other review says though , I think a better name would be pooperoo ... we have NO problems with constipation since this came along ! Definitely money well spent !
 We purchased the Jumperoo for our son when he was 3 months old and even though he could barley touch the ground he still loved it ! He is now six months old and still enjoys bouncing every day ! One of the features that really caught my eye about this product is the ability to adjust the height of the bouncer so it can grow with my son ! It is also great exercise for baby !
 Our 71/2 month old did not want to bear weight on his legs . He is spoiled and a bit on the lazy side so were trying to think of ways to encourage him to stand up . We found the jumperoo and our problem was solved ! Within three days of getting it , he is now standing for minutes at a time ! Not only is he building up strength in his legs but he looks so darn cute , jumping up and down . We tell him he is our little `` Lord of the Dance '' . I would highly advised this product to anyone . My only regret is I wished we had gotten it sooner !
 I bought this when my daughter was about 5 months old because we do n't have doors that can take the other kind of jumpers . We live in an apartment and I badly wanted a jumper but I just did n't see how we could get one without the doorways being okay . I did research on this and went out and bought it from Wal-Mart the next day . I put it together and the next morning when my daughter woke up I put her in it and it became an instant favorite . She loved it !! She has been an average size baby and was able to actually use this up until she was a year . We are now expecting again and I ca n't wait to be able to use this with our new little one . This is a great product , seems pricey but so worth the money !!
 This is such a help to my every day routine . When I need to wash clothes , dishes , clean up , spend time with my husband when he comes home from work ... this is the perfect amusement for my 4.5 month old . He LOVES it ! He has even fallen asleep in it after jumping for so long . A MUST HAVE !
 I 'm a stay at home mommy with two small children , and a husband who works more than he should . This jumper lets me clean , cook , and have quality time with my daughter while my son jumps . The best part about this toy is the ability to turn on/off the sound to the toy . Also I know he is safe , which is something that I 've come to enjoy , since both of my kids seem to be accident prone .
 I bought this for my son when he was 4 mos . old . We had a doorway jumper , but I wanted one that could be placed in the middle of the living room . I was also nervous about him smashing his fingers in the doorway . He is now 8 mos . old and still loves it . He uses it everyday . Sometimes he will just stand and play with the toys , and other times he will bounce until he exhausts himself . The music and lights are fun for him also . He loves this much more than his ExerSaucer . He gets bored after 5-10 min . in the ExerSaucer . He could easily spend 30-45 min . in the Jumperoo . Great toy ! Entertaining for the parents as well !
 This product is excellent.I am a foster parent and would highley recomend this jumper .
 My son LOVES this thing ... Definately a great buy and a great price . Very strudy and I would not get alot accomplished around the house without the entertainment of this toy . I highly reccommed this toy to anyone .
 I ordered the jumperoo for my grandson . He has one at his home , so we wanted one for him at ours . He absolutely loves it . He has been an acid-reflux baby and has had to be held a lot . The swing gives him a chance to sit upright and enjoy toys without being held . He actually will swing himself to sleep . We find this a real blessing.We had one leg that was incorrectly included in the package . I telephoned Matel and they sent the correct one .
 My six month old boy/girl twins LOVE the Jumperoo . They walk , jump and bounce around in it very happlly . We are very comfortable with the safety of it and the babies have a lot of fun .
 This is a wonderful product and my daughter enjoyed it , however , I think it is only worth buying if you will be having other children who will use it . It seemed to me that my daughter only used it for a split second before she was too big for it .
 Yet another Fisher-Price product I ca n't live without ! Knocks the exersaucer out of the park ! My daughter loves it and I wish I had purchased it a lot sooner . The new circular `` Rainforest '' version looks even better . If they could just invent a way for me to get her feet into the holes without it turning into a wrestling match ...
 Grandpa bought this for my daughter for Christmas . At first she got upset when put into it . As Grandpa put it , she `` had to get mad before she could get glad . '' Once she got upset she would begin moving and the jumperoo would bounce , she 'd quickly forgot what she was upset about and began bouncing happily . After about a week she could be put in it and would just have a ball from the start . A month later , she will play in the jumperoo for an hour at a time , no sweat . Our only complaint is the floor space it takes up . We love the height adjustments so it can grow with her . We love how happy it keeps her . It 's a bit noisy but what kid toy is n't ?
 This item was fairly easy to put together and my 4 mth old daughter loves it and I love it cause I can actually get a few things done around the house !
 We have this jumperoo in our church nursery . It is in our `` crawler '' room where the babies are 6-14 months old . They all love it , and sometimes they jump until they fall asleep .
 I love this product , my son could bounce all day . The only down side is it is so big and takes up a lot of space , but it 's worth it .
 My 4 month old daughter LOVES this toy !!! It is exactly as shown online & it came very quickly !! Even before the ETA !!! This is the best toy to get a baby !! It plays music , has lights and toys and if you want the toys off , it 's as simple as undoing the velcro strap and then you have a tray for snack time !!! Best Christmas Present she got !! By far !!! HIGHLY RECCOMMEND !!!
 My grand daughter is only 6 months old , but when she saw the jumper , set up , and use it for the first time ... she loved it !
 My son used the Jumparoo from about 6 months to not quite 1 year -LRB- by 1 year , he just wanted to be out if it and running around -RRB- . He would only be interested in it for about 10 minutes at a time , once , maybe twice daily . I think he may have preferred the one that bounces and spins around , with different toys all the way around it . He got bored with the bear . But otherwise , for the short time he was in it , he had a great time ! The frame was quite sturdy , and it was not difficult to adjust the height , which came in handy .
 This is a very cool product . If you canno use a traditional jumper this one is perfect .
 my daughter started using her jumperoo when she was around 3 months old and could hold her head up . she would just stand there for a while and play with the beads or toys , for about 6 minutes until she got bored , then she would cry ! then when she learned she could jump in it , she loved being in her jumperoo for much longer ! she is now 8 months old and loves jumping in her jumperoo whether we have it indoors , outdoors , or at someone else 's house . when she 's tired she will stand in it and play with the beads and flip them to make noise . she 's never really cared much for the lights and music , but i think the music is cute and can turn it off when it starts to get irritating . it 's going to be sad when she outgrows this !
 I had this drop-shipped to another state to my daughter for my 9 month old granddaughter , so I have not seen the jumperoo , but apparently she loves it and has a grand time bouncing , giggling and playing with the little kangaroo and whatever other colorful gadgets are attached to the seat . She also says baby tries to stand and jump when in her lap now , so this jumperoo is encouraging her leg development . Though it takes up some room , I chose this because it stands alone , rather than precariously hanging from a doorway . She 's delighted with the jumperoo , and I 'm glad I got it for them .
 This is a great item to help your child strengthen their legs , plus the added bonus of wearing them out before nap time ! The look of joy on their little faces , once they figure out how to jump , is the greatest thing ever !
 We received this item as a gift for my 5 month old . It was great . He loved it so much . I would put him in this and he would go crazy jumping all around . It was great for his legs also to get them nice and strong . Great idea and safe .
 I purchased this toy for my third daughter because she was trying so hard to jump in her exersaucer but did n't have enough bounce . My other daughters did not like the one in the doorway so I decided to try this because it looked much more stable and safe . She loves it ! She really gets quite crazy and giggles everytime she does . Also , the toys are entertaining and when she want to take a break from bouncing she plays with the toys .
 I bought this product to try and avoid using a pacifier for my 2 month old daughter who loves to suck . She appeared not to use it much at first , but at 3 months she 's really warmed up to it . She snuggles with it for naps and comfort and does chew on the little ends . I 'm hopeful that it will become a teething toy for her in a few weeks . One note -- since I work outside the home too , I slept with the toy for a few nights so that it smelled like me and that seemed to make her like it even more when I was gone .
 Our daughter LOVES this bunny . It was the first toy she really bonded with . She loves looking at its sweet little face , working her fingers through the textured cloth , and gnawing on its ears and appendages . It comforts her when she has to go to bed , and when she wakes up in the morning she `` talks '' to it . I now have two and plan to buy a third , because babies get sick a lot and bunny is often in the wash . I 'd also like to leave one at her daycare.Bunny is sturdy and washes easily . I think you 're supposed to let it air dry , but I 've been putting it on the low heat cycle and it 's stood up after 14 months of hard time . This is a far superior product to the other blanket-heads we 've seen , which are too fluffy or have a distracting rattle . I recommended ALL of the Under the Nile toys -- babies dig them !
 I originally bought 2 of these for my twin girls when they about 4 months old . One of my girls grew totally attached , the other could n't care less , which worked out great because now we could keep one as a spare bunny for when the other will meet its inevitable fate of getting left behind during some mundane outing -LRB- the bunny , not the baby ! -RRB- . More than a year later , bunny friend has been through the trenches at the hands of my toddlers , and gets thrown in the washer & dryer at least a few times a week , and has held up very well . Seeing how this bunny is the savior of most meltdowns for at least one of of my girls , I had to buy another when one finally vanished . I wish she had her sister 's more cost effective taste of being perfectly content with a cheap old burp rag .
 Our Baby loves this Bunny , its great . Chews on the knotted hands and feet , the ears are great for gnawing . Soft , lightweight you can tie a binkie to it . Washes easily and drys well in the dryer .
 my son had one of these since birth and still slept with it at 11 and the new puppy thought it was hers OOPS
 This one feels like a very good quality product . It has a heavyness to it . It is n't my daughters favorite one though .
 We bought this bunny for our 4 month old for Christmas and she loves it . She just started teething so chewing on the knots is her favorite thing so far . She also grabs the ears as she 's falling asleep . It is super soft with slightly stretchy cotton and the colors are creamy white and light pink - beautiful ! We 'll definitely purchase from Under the Nile again !
 My 2-year old loves this bunny and has since he was just over a year old . As a result , we now own 4 of them . Fully washable and stands up to lots of loving . Good present to buy for friends ' babies as I have started to do .
 I really like this blankie , but for some reason both of my young daughters much prefer the Apple Park blankies , which are similar in design .
 absolutely a MUST for 4mo . and up . HIGHT EGYPT COTTON QUALITY . takes a while to dry -LRB- in dryer and mashine wash only ! which is fine -RRB- but surprisinly does not shrink at all !! a mean at alllll !!!!!!!!!!!! its also pretty and my baby keeps this `` toy '' in her bed so if she feels like `` breastsfeeding '' she can suck smth to calm her down -LRB- sometimes :-RRB- -RRB-
 My 4 month old boy loves this little bunny ! He grabs at it , chews on it and nestles with it . Absolutely PERFECT for little hands and mouths . No complaints .
 I love this brand ! The stuff is always so cute and durable . This bunny is very cute but not really something to sleep with maybe more for teething ob the knots .
 My daughter has had her bunny for over three years now , actively using it for three years -LRB- only for sleeping - does not get dragged around anywhere else -RRB- and it 's still going strong . No fading , no fraying , no damage whatsoever . I 've washed it and dried it in the dryer countless times by now and am very impressed with this simple bunny.Having our second baby soon and will be buying another one for the new baby for sure .
 Bunny has been a trusted friend to baby J since we got it and washed it of course hehe . The bunny is soft but made with thick cotton which seems like it would last a long time . It came out of the washer in almost the same state as we put it in . J likes to nibble bunnies ears and tug at the little knots at the corners of the blanket . Some how its simple face is very attractive to baby as well . I hope bunny lasts a long time or we might need to order a back up one preemptively :-RRB- . All in all definitely recommend for the youngest babies .
 My daughter is not really attached to it as I hoped she might be , but that is certainly no fault of the bunny ! It 's very well made - a thick fabric - plenty of areas to chew on . Ca n't think of a way it could be improved .
 We 're very happy with this little bunny head . It seems to be the only toy my 4 month old does n't throw down . He likes to chew on the feet and ears and I do n't have to worry about him getting tangled or choking on anything . We got the sage color and it 's a beautiful soft green . Very happy it 's machine washable and organic too ! We might have to buy another one to keep on hand for overnight trips or if this one gets lost ! I will be looking in to purchasing more things from Under the Nile ; very happy and thank you .
 Such a soft and cozy lovie -- we `` love '' it , especially since it 's made from organic cotton . I throw it in the washer and dryer and it comes out great . Under the Nile has excellent items for babies .
 I really like this bunny , I think I like it more than my 4 mo. old daughter whom I originally bought it for . She seems to prefer the spit rag over any other soft toy I try to give her . Maybe she will grow to like this bunny more as time goes on . The ends and ears seem very chew-able , maybe as teething sets in she 'll take to chewing on it because it is nice and soft . I always put it next to her at nap time and when she goes to bed , and before I gave it to her I slept with a few nights so that it smelled like mom . The bunny also has a very friendly face and long ears , and the sage color is very gentle .
 My 10 month old has had this bunny since she was three months old and loves it - she especially likes playing with its ears and chewing on its head and various `` blankee appendages '' . Great quality . This bunny is a bit larger than her other sleeping dolls which is nice .
 I was using Pampers but was given Luvs as a shower gift . I was hesitant to use them but was pleasantly surprised at how well they work . They rarely leak -LRB- only if my 2 month old is sitting upright -RRB- and the price is so much better than Pampers .
 Saves a lot of time and energy.Gives complete satisfaction that you use sterilized pump parts every time .
 These are awesome . They work so quickly and easily and I do n't have to deal with pots and pans or worry if the will fit into a certain sterilizer . I used them for bottles , nipples , and pump attachments daily . Highly recommend !
 The fastest way to KNOW your plastic baby wares are CLEAN ! I love these bags . Note , I use two bags simultaneously in the microwave to knock out my cleaning faster , since there are limits to how many items you can put in each bag without warping.You do need to get any smudgy or residue like material off the plastic item BEFORE steaming it for best results.Overall , I would HIGHLY recommend this product , it has been a lifesaver to me .
 This is very useful . I use it every day . The instruction said that I can use upto 20 times , but the bag broke before then .
 I 've been back at work for about 2 months now and these bags are great for sterilizing the pump parts at work . They are easy to use and durable . If I could just stop forgetting them in the microwave in the staff room , that would be great .
 This is a quick and easy way to sterilize pump pieces , nipples , binkies . Pop it in the microwave and depending on the microwave it can take as little as 3 minutes ! It has an opening on one side of the bag so you can easily remove it from the microwave and filter out the hot water before you open and dump the contents . There 's a great area on the back of the bag that helps you keep track of how many times you 've used the bag . The only down side is that it only holds two 8oz bottles at a time . I have another little sterilizing kit that has a base and a lid and you can place whatever fits inside it to sterilize , and that holds four 8oz bottles . It 's called the Munchkin Steam Guard Microwave Sterilizer .
 This is a very easy way to sanitize your baby 's nipples , bottles , and breast pump accessories . Very easy to use .
 I am in love with these bags ! They are incredibly easy to use , you just put a few ounces of water in the bag and throw it in the microwave . Even though i 'm no longer breast feeding , i still use these on bottles and sippy cups and toddler utensils all the time . They 're great for binky 's and anything else that goes in babies mouth . LOVE LOVE LOVE these !!
 The bags last a while and steam my sons bottles well . The directions on the bag are clearly written . The spout to pour out the hot water is helpful . It would be better if the bags were a little wider . I usually add another two ounces of water and add a minute or two compared to the recommended use .
 These bags are great ! They make it really easy to sterilize my pump accessories in between pumping sessions while I 'm at work !
 I love these bags . You can use them 20x 's per bag . Plus they make sure all your bottle and nipple are super steam cleaned .
